1 ::: The Oral Generation (1970) ::: adult ::: This obvious and obvious variety of sex -free young women in the early 1970s is imagined in their courageously to celebrate the physical freedom of unique documentary centers and their newly found physical freedom: these women represent not only on men, but also. Masturbation also includes participating in shower and threesome with their male partners.
2 ::: Cytherea Is a Lesbian Squirt Machine (2012) ::: adult ::: If you don't compress you are doing it wrong! Keyterns reveal the closeness of girls, wet lesbian, and opening a woman's talents. Repetition of his first shell experience leads to I-MAVE-YOU-SQUIRT tests! Can he do it? Yes it is possible!
3 ::: Valentina, ragazza in calore (1981) ::: adult ::: Valentina (MOANO POZZZI) is a cute girl with a beautiful number that cannot ask anyone and have sex. When he arrived in Rome to search for strength and travel, he first meets the person he has a small story, then a woman loves a woman.
4 ::: Decadence (1994) ::: adult ::: Two couples betray the decline that stalks under the surface of high society: Steve, rich but ignorant, is dedicated to a perverted relationship with Helen, an elegant socialite who lives in Belgravia; Meanwhile, Rica Nouveau wife of Steve, Sybil, is having an adventure with them, a private eye hired to kill her husband.
5 ::: What Goes Around (2001) ::: adult ::: Two very young young women decide to falsify a robbery, but their plan fires when the thieves they have hired have other ideas after the girls are securely connected. In the second story, two women, bound and powerless, are endangered by a brunette waving a handgun.
6 ::: Bite the Big Apple (1997) ::: adult ::: New York City in July is like a hot apple pie. Enter an ice queen, a lady, a dish, a tomato. She was on more laps than a towel. She could work a man like summer work. This is the story of Slate, Sam Slate, a private cock. The man who has the misfortune to be tangled in his web. While the concrete jungle warms up.
7 ::: Easy Cheeks (2002) ::: adult ::: 1976. Los Angeles. Underbelly. The night here is long, hot and raw-hustlers, ho and hitsman full. A man carries the burden of justice. A man has the courage to stay stand for what is right. His name is Dutch MU Quad. . . And he fights the crime.
8 ::: Mommy Got Boobs 8 (2010) ::: adult ::: Porn anthology. Two friends in "Soccer Moms Wild" were seducing a recently divorced man. In "Stop hugging me and stop fucking my mom", a woman visits a riot who chooses to teach her son a lesson. In "Nothin gets widely wet than shower curtains", the birthday girl has sex with a male guest. In "Nerd to Stud in One Simple Fuck", a worried mother teaches her son's nursery best friend about women. In "Memory Milkers", a heartbreaking young man gains rest in his former girlfriend's mother's voluntary chest.
9 ::: 5 Easy Ways to Fuck a Straight Guy (2009) ::: adult ::: 5 easy to kiss a hetero guy presents Adam Campbell exclusive to Jet Set in his first main role. Campbell, a hetero proclaimed and a second year student at university, has a secret that he wants to share with you. What is this secret? This is the fact that even if it is straight, there are certainly five easy ways to get it - or any hetero guy for this bed.
10 ::: Love Secrets of the Kama Sutra (1970) ::: adult ::: A young couple who is having problems with their matrimonial / sexual life, visit an Indian 'guru' in his reserve, and please help. He then educates them on the various aspects of love as described in the ancient Indian texts of Vatsayana's "Kama Sutra". Most situations and positions are displayed on the screen by different artists in the vines. After being guided by ancient sex manuals (not the whole book is covered here, and not in graphic detail anyway), the couple leaves. But before they enter their car, they stop near some deep shrubs, and proceed to make love in the open. The wife of the guru (appearing in the background in some scenes) comes upon them, and joins the fun (this scene is a bit more graphic than the previous ones). The guru himself appears later, and his eyes with the trio with a benevolent smile, before moving forward.
11 ::: The Milkmaid (1975) ::: adult ::: Satisfaction with the nation of breastfeeding two jars at any time! Certainly this is a 70 -year -old flip. A woman only tells this story about a memorable day in her life. This will start as a neighbor, Debra, whose husband is far away, to visit the boredom house. Delay's pleasures make the housewife in the erotic scene of lust and enthusiasm. Shortly thereafter, Sandy and his son Rick unveiled a terrible problem. It seems that he cannot just be aroused and acknowledges that he craves a breastfeeding act - which makes the lion's servant feelings.
12 ::: Love Hurts (1992) ::: adult ::: Tom Byron cannot jump on Tianna Taylor. No other woman can change her in his life. So he decides to end all this. He tries to shape himself in his oven ... but he discovers that he is electric. So he takes a little rat poison, but then decides that he should do the tragic act in his former girlfriend's apartment. Let it clean the touch. But Tianna is not alone. The boy T.T. He is with her. So what to do Tommy Byron?
13 ::: Teagan vs Jenna (2009) ::: adult ::: Jenna Haze and Teagan Presley compete in an indirect way. Teagan has two scenes while Jenna has three. Jenna has anal sex in the first two while Teagan only makes it in its first. In the end it has not been said which of them won the so -called competition, but I think it was an unfair dispute because Jenna has more scenes and so much more minutes on screen ...
14 ::: Bikini Bondage Battle (2013) ::: adult ::: Two bikini dressed babes fight for a valuable modeling contract, where both ladies intend to eliminate competition by letting them fight on the related floor and gagged. In other vignettes, four bare beauties are similarly.
15 ::: Body Shop (1984) ::: adult ::: An Outcall service Mrs. and her friend who owns a car repair workshop-decide to bundle their business interests and create a new company that is suitable for the automobile and erotic needs of consumers. "The Body Shop" turns out to be a winning combination, because enthusiastic customers stand in line to have their thrown bars and hidden valves determined in record time. However, the duo is not the best bosses to work for and their employees have set them up for a bust. Body Shop has some of the most sizzling sex scenes ever made on video, including a car-erotic scorcher that John Holmes has moved to respond: "It is just the most popular scene I have ever had to watch."
16 ::: Butt Blazer (1997) ::: adult ::: Ritter is waiting for his car to be serviced. When another customer shows, they spend time in giving each other a lubricant job. Smooth ass.
17 ::: "Divine Bitches" (2009) ::: adult ::: She is the mother of his little boy and the nerve of the nerve, it makes it warm, and it makes it slow and slowly making fingers inside and continue to massage. Holds it out of the accident, he thinks that he is facing his ankle, and it makes it down and his knees in the ground and start to criticize it in the milk him is dry well. As it falls on the top of the bed and has trust that he asked if he will always do it.
18 ::: Archer's Last Day (1999) ::: adult ::: This adult film is about an angry factory worker, who was just fired from his job, and now women, including his wife, have been raped. Due to his dark acts, he has been sentenced to hell and sentenced. There he continues to escape his sexual escape, but all the good things come to an end.
19 ::: Love Free Style (1970) ::: adult ::: The couple feeds the chicken decide to be a prostitute to make another bread. When one pimp's name is home, the one making them home, cookies and Marie turned on both sides, sometimes long and sometimes boys. Marie Skrons that seemed to be going out and decides to search for it; Cookies and get it in the Middle Wyke to force it about an hour before the fingers.
20 ::: Hardcore Threesomes (2017) ::: adult ::: Prepare the hottest three -part fuckfest you have ever seen. Hard X is proud to be able to present a "hardcore three -some" featuring wild and intense sexual scenarios. In this case, the three are definitely not crowds. Starring Romi Rain, Vicky Chase, Elsa Jean, Gina Valentina, etc. Director Mick Blue. Don't miss this hot release.
21 ::: Grab and Bind of Josie Jagger: Josie in Jeopardy (2015) ::: adult ::: A beautiful brunette becomes a tickle of an intruder and tickling, who naked him, tickles him and hurts him with snow. The hooded villain leaves a sexy spitfire with a gift that keeps on giving - a vibrator bound where it will do best.
22 ::: Lust & Desire (1996) ::: adult ::: Lust and desire, two witnesses of the missions in Las Vegas, a murder committed by a gang friend in Shot. They flee for their lives, resorting to a family of hills. Meanwhile, the killer's friend and one of the fools try to follow the girls to silence them.
23 ::: Hard at Work (2004) ::: adult ::: After being fired from his work at the tempo, the former roommate of Dave, Eddie, convinces him to get another job. Unable to think about a job that will allow him to wear shorts and sandals, Dave decides to spend his last $ 20 to order a pizza, but instead eventually fucks the pizza delivery girl. After his new appreciation for Pizza Girls, he decided to apply for a job at The Pizza Shop. Unfortunately, Dave is not qualified to work in the joint pizza, so he fucks the manager in the hope of working. At his first delivery, he screws up the order and ultimately has to have sex with customers to protect them from a complaint at his manager. The next day, another delivery leads to a cute college girl who has no money for advice. Feeling guilty of Dave's financial situation and lack of funds, she decides to advice with her sweet, young pussy. Later that week, the Regional Health Inspector visits the pizza store that is not right up to a code. Dave and his colleague pizza employee eventually fuck a health inspector in the hope of receiving a passing assessment to hold the joint open. The hard thing to work with is fun, college, sex type of reality that will make your girlfriend want to fuck you!
24 ::: Aunt Peg Goes Hollywood (1981) ::: adult ::: Actress Lisa and Ronda who are roommates. While former has a contingent sex with his director friend Jeff Howard, later with his cinematographer's friend Kevin JE. A woman still interviews Kevin and soon picks her up. Sexually aggressive actress Lee Carroll picked up Jeff in a studio. For the first time, porn actress Sandy gets a casting couch from Mr. Jeremy. Kevin is called to take a picture of Rich Porn star Tara in her mansion, but she picks her up. The manufacturer Aunty Peg takes Jeff to her Mexican mansion, where she pressures her and her boxom secretary Annie to include her in bed. During the screen test, the Annie seduces the projectionist. Later, a delivery man brings a new reel and uses it to seduce the receptionist. A female film critic then seduces the film's "Provert" ("" a professional spoils who choreographed sex scenes ").
25 ::: Asianatrix 2: The Valley Version (1999) ::: adult ::: In the darkest los angeles area of ​​my girlfriends - Thai nursego, high-class students, bonster in China. Happess, dominated men as possible, hypotic or female.
26 ::: Maid in Manhattan (1984) ::: adult ::: Herrains and his jobs don't have good as a few years, 'I' (QV) shows Hollywood by being with family friends in New York City friends. Before the Latin's arrival is logged on his fate and his father's wife and joined him asleep while Jeante was talking to her. The rich family is money if Jeante plans to make his son promised. She spends a dinner or a porn polxing when it is to hurt the movie. When he finally arrived, the Brooke approaches Mark of Mark who was Joint, who Billea also looks to be married to marry. Jeante, who makes dinner, tells his person to sleep or again, just to prevent it to work better. But at night it was a fantastic waiting for a fantasy. Moreover, the day follows it, it is Jill taking brok to warm the fly and success. Rick and sign appear after that. Brouch seems to rick, so mark the head of the head of the Bil Biri. Her mother touches the feelings of women conquered him to lay up. When Rick has finished the feminism delicious, rick reveals what he was suspicious of her and his father doing. Nevertheless, he says he was interested and respected, so he would not tell his mother. This makes Latin to change his will about maturity. In time, it does more and brooke and he decided to join him. Then he comes pure about the plan to marry. Broken immediately and release nyc and limo. He had the driver to shorten the time of the trip, and he surprised him when he was getting at the end of receiving it. A few years of Hollywood of Hollywood. When Latin consumes both the father and son, mother, who would not see and a man, looks to be married.
27 ::: Deep Roots (1978) ::: adult ::: Native Billy America leaves its reservation and goes to Hollywood with her motorcycle to see how other people live. While in Hollywood Bailey a nasty pad and meets a collection of lovely young ladies: she enjoyed a sharp fireplace with Joan, the sweet love of a teenager and with a one with a The virgin René works in the bathtub.
28 ::: Riley Steele: Bar Pussy (2010) ::: adult ::: A bartender is given work by his teammates, who has a pub. His first day at work is complicated by his scuzzy friend, who appears in the bar he thinks will be easy to put because his teammate is the bartender, and a trashy blond who wants No money, so it offers to pay for its bar tab by other means.
29 ::: The Young Marrieds (1972) ::: adult ::: A conspiracy of the macho husband who wants to loosen his "cold" woman. The husband (Ben) is increasingly involved in his own increase, while his wife (Ginnie) turns out to be more sexually open, in a way that he either does not know or cannot bypass.
30 ::: Bad Career Move (2003) ::: adult ::: A woman needs money, who agrees to travel to a private home for interview for an office position and find herself chloroform, kidnapping, gaggarh and bound. In the second story, a curvy college cheerleader is captured and forced to remove his sweater to give a better view about his property. She soon joined several other equally captivating bondgates.
31 ::: The Incredible Hulk XXX: A Porn Parody (2011) ::: adult ::: Widow David. David Banner and his lonely colleague Dr. Ilena Marx is trying to find out how sexual depression can lead to the feat of supernatural power. But when he experimented with gamma rays and now when he gets angry, the banner goes too far, his inner sexual animal is released.
32 ::: Utopia X (2009) ::: adult ::: X-1568, a lonely creature desperately aspiring a company is visited by an organization of the synthetic exterior space which gives it the capacity to plunge into a new world of illusion where time is in a constant state of flow. Thus, the Z-8266 was born, a fantastic figure made of pure energy and incessant desire whose sole purpose is the satisfaction of the thirst for incessant love of X-568.
33 ::: Daddy's Darling Daughters (1986) ::: adult ::: One father relaxes in the fact that his daughter Cindy is not like his four sisters-two of them are drug-old biker cubs, one is a butch lesbian and the other is S&M. What he does not know is that Cindy, who is still a virgin, comes to his 18th birthday and itching to lose her virgin.
34 ::: The Mistress (1983) ::: adult ::: Karen Richards (Kelly Nichols) works in an architectural company. Its president, Carl Reese (Eric Edwards), wants to move to the position of public relations. It accepts the job, knowing that it may be called to perform some important sexual good deeds to close the deal. Karl invites her on a business trip with an important colleague. This is the beginning of a more intimate relationship for them. Karen is disappointed by the whole issue, knowing that she is in the second woman in Karl's life. Then she decided to take a leave to start a new approach in her life.
35 ::: Gangbang Auditions 1 (1998) ::: adult ::: Three stars known with adult film, Inari Vachs, Caroline and Oceane, were interviewed before performing groups with a crowd of men. This film is actually an audition for these women. If the manufacturer and director enjoy starlets, they will be offered to operate in more adult films for the company, Anabolic.
36 ::: The Good the Bad & the Horny (1985) ::: adult ::: The game of cowboys and Indians takes a new sense when the Cowopox (Guys) takes a sexy free-for-for-face to find out if it is really better than the quiver full of oils. In reality, Steve runs a dude ranch in the mountains and after teaching Susie's beautiful issues of horseback riding, he challenges this rich Beverly Hills Brat and his friends in the game of search and fun. Cowboys are on the challenge, but Indian princesses have to go to the pass. See and see who comes out on top!
37 ::: King of the Hill (2015) ::: adult ::: The best-down winner of the 2015 Estebio Awards are closely confident we are closely confident that the volunteers is broken the body of volunteers. Never shame on his love for gender, Elain skills appear every time he gets.
38 ::: Double Agent (2001) ::: adult ::: The double agent believes that her mission will be achieved. While her prisoner is waiting for her temperament order, she desperately, but failed, but failed, but tries to release her from a cruel rope that suppresses her.
39 ::: Big Guns (1987) ::: adult ::: Eight mildly connected stories from or around a group of well-ended navy lieutenants are told: (1) Mike (Henson) Awakens, decides to skip the school and tie one before they go out. (2) A sore paperboy tells about his powerful sexual man handling by an overly well -skilled customer. (3) John (Davenport) gives his civil buddy (Chris) a shooting lesson in firearms; But, excited by the power within reach, both go back to John's apartment to fire their "other" guns. (4) Mike and John D stop at a motel where Mike bets that he can nail the boy to swim in the pool. Mike takes a video channel to prove it and claims that he is the hotel masseur that responds to a paid order, calls the child while his parents are gone. The naive child lets Mike nervous and receives his first massage (and first all-male sexual experience) while John looks in his military matter. (5) With a new credit card in hand, Mike gets two friends from the base (Mike Ryan, Jeff Boote) for a Palm Springs trip. Jeff stays in a beautiful hotel suite and has bought Mike's "Fundies" (two people underwear to share with his girlfriend). A courage is made and horse game follows (wrestling and tickling), which ends in a few 3-man sexual explorations. (6) In a bar, Lieutenanten Henson and Davenport discover that the child that Mike seduced in the motel is none other than the son of the Admiral. Lieutenant Armano reminds Mike of the survival game of tomorrow. (7) Lieutenant Quinn, after seeing Lieutenant Rocklin rejected by a bar, decides to give his buddy a good need for erogenous zones, but his lesson soon turns into a full erotic temptation. (8) Lieutenants Mike (Henson), Jeff (Quinn) and Rocky play a surviving Paintball game and agree that those who lose is stripped and held for the night. Since Rocky is the arrogant favorite of the Admiral, Mike and Jeff are an alliance to guarantee that it is that it is hung on the night like a smoke ham.
40 ::: Raw (2000) ::: adult ::: Jerry is one out of a company actor, engages with a very straight woman. A friend's job tip is on the set of a porn film. If one of the actors does not show, Jerry occurs and becomes a porn star. How will Jerry keep his lucrative career (with all the marginal advantages) a secret of his future wife?
41 ::: The Other Side of Aspen 4: The Rescue (1995) ::: adult ::: The celebration of the release of the film Falcon Studio, the other side of ASPEN IV is the latest complement to Attiral 1983 Classic, which starred in the late The Casey Donovan. This time about the massive ski coach Johnny Hanson loses his friend (Chad Knight) in the deep snow of Asbin. He does everything in his power to find it, but the deviations come thick and fast.
42 ::: XConfessions Vol. 5 (2015) ::: adult ::: Forwarding the Bandoos and Bandm, the hide of hids in BSDM. This is the fifth of xconfferions of the XCHEFFESTIONS, as well as Erika's history.
43 ::: Disconnected (1992) ::: adult ::: At midnight, a handsome young man fights insomnia, the result of a joke phone call. While he falls inside and out of sleep, he has three different erotic dreams: a test with a hunter in the backyard of the 1950s. Immediately with French sailors who were in the 1940s (paid tribute to Jean -Gent).
44 ::: Doogan's Woman (1978) ::: adult ::: When the fashion photographer meets Annett, it makes a problem with the scheme hanging to the head of the publisher. He tempted him, and then attacked the publisher, and then refused. Annette on her wicked funny and we have become his nuts. Soon the photographer was squeezed in a scum, but it takes revenge. There is no need to play with Sharon Mitchell and Eric Edwards, which does it in a bath filled with spaghetti.
45 ::: Taboo XI (1993) ::: adult ::: This taboo story of the evil person and the world of twisting, producing aura of burning sexual passion and eroticism, and inner work of the twisted heart. Nurse Janet falls deep into the greedy deviation of the universe. When she is looking for a male idol manner, a place where sex extends RAMP and completely controls.
46 ::: Private Film 1: Anal Academy (1993) ::: adult ::: The principal of the public school is often torn to the women get offended and six bad students. They and their babes, an equal defense between one another. He watches new lies (Tabatha) that is wrong to the instructions in the girls in position. They organize Ruse: coffee. Although the teacher sleeps in the restaurants moving around and puts photos. The teachers and employees are too happy, with a partner and his dreams.
47 ::: Marilyn - Kleine Spalten, süße Lippen (1980) ::: adult ::: Laura Beaumatou earns her life by selling books on yoga, unfortunately, with limited success. During one of her visits to the house, she meets the beautiful Marilyn, who wrote erotic fairy tales. A friendship that spreads between the two girls, and they tell a lot of stories about their erotic desires and experiences. They revel in their erotic fantasies, in Marilyn finally grants her her greatest secret price.
48 ::: Twin Devils (2006) ::: adult ::: Talent Scout Riviera is walking when his Volkswagen Golf is broken. There is a certificate of reference, there is a barking dog in the background, and he soon goes on the garage. After repairing muscle mechanics, Riviera has the opportunity to dance with a group of chipmenalists. After sex, a mechanic agrees to come to listen. Return home, Riviera, Riviera, two dances to NAP in a short time. Two played billiards continued their games and then departed. The next day, talents to check talents leave the garage and his garage and leave it to get it there. One day Riviera introduces him to choreographer and twins. They all have sex. Then the mechanic should decide about dance work. Does he take it or not?
49 ::: China Sisters (1979) ::: adult ::: A girl is an English teacher in the afternoon. But at night, it arrives at Nymphaniac. He joined his students with his students, with his students, and the hopes of medicine he had lost his sister. No one is in his hand, he is doing himself.
50 ::: Plaything (1995) ::: adult ::: Nicky is the picture of confidence. She is a wild successful sex therapist who opposes the help of a fantastic role. Like the role she plays.
51 ::: Private Black Label 34: Victoria's Wet Secrets (2004) ::: adult ::: Victoria is a young, nice and ambitious swimmer. She works hard to succeed, as they rivals in a training camp. But for them, the swimming pool is not the only place to train. And it is always better to extract a body when a girl has a company of a cunning person or even two. Victoria feels lonely, especially when she falls in love with a handsome coach Adam. But luck is on her side. Adam celebrates his birthday at a company of six girls and three friends. This is a free time. Two girls get double-dedicated to each other.
52 ::: Don't Tell My Wife I Assfucked the Babysitter 6 (2011) ::: adult ::: Mr. Stone arrives at home after a fierce day at work and discovers babysitter in one of the bedrooms. After collecting her pay, the babysitter asks Mr. John if she can use his bathroom to be ready for a holiday. When he comes out, he sees it in a whole new light. Mr Wood returns home to collect a forgotten laptop and catch the babysitter trying to get out of his wife's dildo. Mr Strong receives a phone call from the announcement of his wife will work late. Four different babysitters, but the title reveals what happens next in each of these scenarios.
53 ::: Sex-cirkusse (1974) ::: adult ::: The circus will really close its doors, the audience is no longer interested in it, with many pornographic films in the city ... unless! ... desperate acrobat, clowns, Tamz Al -Assad, and tricks go on the stage in the theater circus works.
54 ::: More Reel People, Part 2 (1985) ::: adult ::: After being interviewed for their fantasies and sexuality, men and women who consist of the reel people actually have sex on a camera with an experienced porn star (except for a man who is just not in it). Mary, very attractive 21 years old, captures our hearts in steam from a segment with Rocky Hayne. Then he is Sean, a dancer who fantasizes to deal with Joanna Storm and Kelly Nichols and must have both at the same time. And of course, John Leslie is more than able to deal with 23-year-old saleswoman Mickey. There are many segments, all the wrongly filmed and edited.
55 ::: Loveland (1973) ::: adult ::: A young couple has been married for some time and their love life has become a bit monotonous. But from their friends Elaine and Gerry hear about a club where many things happen. Visit there from four of them turns out that not so much monotonous ...
56 ::: Panty Gagged (2009) ::: adult ::: A woman bets on her friend that she can avoid being tied in a spread, but loses stakes, two roommates fall prey to a borgler, who binds them before making their migration and strangled them Gives, a woman gets furious to borrow a sexy suit for a date and after tying the woman tightly and gag finds her way, a cute blonde finds herself tied in a box-tie While his friend takes his clothes and his date and a thin tennis player is safely bound. She cannot participate in a championship match.
57 ::: F.I.L.T.H. Hunters (2005) ::: adult ::: Displays the action of starlets to rise at the Flaners. F.i.l.th.th.th.th.th.th.th.th.th.H. Hunters report a story about nikki, who thinks it is with men, but his girlfriend, Ella, has been affected. Its life is being used for five to five people and his family. Sophia and her Frank's husband has fallen on them enjoying love. But everything is about to change ...
58 ::: Video Tramp (1984) ::: adult ::: The clerk of the Buxom video store, Ilene, helps a customer to collect a porn band. The band helps put her girlfriend in a mood. The customer and his friend then see Ilene in the street and seek her. Ilene later helps the customer's girlfriend to select a lesbian band. The girlfriend has fun watching the band, but later her lesbian friend joins her. Ilene hires the customer's friend. But his first tutoring is to lock the door and show it at the back. When the customer's girlfriend returns, she is also presented at the back. The customer finds them but simply joins.
59 ::: Phoebe's Back in Bondage (2015) ::: adult ::: A crook binds a friend of a crook phob, then the Petit forces the brunette's unfortunate duo to remove, capture and strikes a valuable disk drive before hitting. In other stories, a self-bandage lover gets more than a friend when she asks to show her a friend ropes, a naked blonde beauty is a naked blonde Hagrit in her bedroom and tightly adheres to a woman's bedpost.
60 ::: The Joy Club (1996) ::: adult ::: Life is thick, war is hell, but men are hard and they can handle it. A unruly bunch of people is simply hitting the front line. Sometimes these spunty spirits require a lift, so they take their holidays in the Joy Club. A club for sex, and lots. A wife of beautiful girls who offer sexual favor for their men in weapons.
61 ::: Slave Farm (1991) ::: adult ::: Shanna Mccollough is the mistress of the slave farm where the captured women work before being sent to slavery. She also has an operation in the city where fresh casualties take place before being sent to the farm. Fauna and Darian Haise are two such casualties brought to the farm by Kandy, the right woman of Shana. Fauna and Darian work with Rebecca, but when their weed work shows no signs of completion soon, Shana decides to punish the two recruits. The couple was shackled and beaten before they return that they were pony girls, pulling Shana from the farm in a stroller. In the meantime, Emily escaped but was caught. Shana blames the escape candy and stabs her before punishing Emily. Shana goes to her urban operation, where Maya brought Marilyn to the cell occupied by Stephanie of Desi and Maya, who expects Marilyn to kiss her feet. When Marilyn tells her to kiss something else, she is concluded for punishment, first beaten, then suspension from the ceiling. Desi fights with Stephanie and wound up by Shana before Stephanie joins her. When the word reaches the city that prisoners have overcome the slave farm, Shana loses control of the city operation, and it winds up by pulling weeds, in chains, into its own farm.
62 ::: Blue Jeans (1982) ::: adult ::: Designer gene and his Buxom wife Debbie is a loving couple. Alas, the secretary of gender Genli goes in a closet for his own rooms, and debit leaves them after they see them. Debbi comes with his old dating tony after he came to gene. In addition, party hippy women knock out the mistakes on the door of a couple, but decide to seduce their new hired Mexican chef. Debbie's sister calls Xinib and reminds you how to approach debit. As an important client of the SCR. Dubois to dinner, cindy deliver drugs to food. Highly high, Xinib is tempted to catch up. Also, with others, Cindy is engaged in the personal service of the Dubaus. The only person who avoids food - Debbi, he used chaos to work with tony, which is beaten earlier.
63 ::: Anonymous (1993) ::: adult ::: Some people do not need to know well, to know you Ga Timate. This is the story of a husband and wife, and a friend who becomes one of his imagination. But the only way to realize fantasy is if it happens as osly. Does he do? The answer will be anonymous ...
64 ::: Hard at Work (2004) ::: adult ::: After shooting from his temporary job, his former colleague in the room, Eddie, persuades him to get another job. Unable to think about a job that allows him to wear short pants and sandals. Dave decides to spend another $ 20 to request a pizza, but he ends up to the flexible girl to connect pizza instead. After his new appreciation to the girls pizza, he decided to apply for a job in the pizza store. Unfortunately, Dave is not qualified to work in a detailed pizza, so he has sex with the manager in the hope of getting the job. At the beginning of his delivery, he wipes out the request and ends up having sex with customers in order to prevent them from complaining to his manager. The next day, the delivery of the last nice university girl has no money for advice. She felt guilty about the financial situation of Dave and her lack of money, decided to raise it with her beautiful young Bos. Later that week, the province's health inspector visits the pizza store that does not completely reach the code. Dave and his colleagues, the pizza employee, ends up fucking the health inspector in the hope of obtaining the degree of success to keep the joint open. It is difficult to work is fun, kidney, and gender of reality that will make your girlfriend want to spoil you!
65 ::: Fuckin' with Dave Pounder (2003) ::: adult ::: Dave Powder's roommates just won't stop fucking with him. They first try to block him when he picks up a hot girl at a local club, but the last straw is attracted to when they try to seduce a girl trying to have a relationship with. He decides to return to them by fucking the girlfriend and sister of his roommate. Feeling regret for his actions, Dave tries to visit his roommate to work to apologize for what he has just done, but instead eventually fucks one of the customers. Fuckin 'With Dave Pounder is fun, college, sex type of reality that will make your girlfriend want to fuck you!
66 ::: Brigade anti-sodomisées (1983) ::: adult ::: The most wealthy three of the best in Europe has appeared, in secret and secret James Bard 069 to deliver them. It finds that they were scientific psychiatrist that causes them to be together with a manner.
67 ::: 9 Lives of a Wet Pussy (1976) ::: adult ::: Pauline is a rich and married heiress in New York that embarks on a series of sexual encounters with several people. He remains in close contact with Gypsy, a Tarot reader whom Pauline writes letters that they describe thoroughly about their conquests to seduce a stable French child, to have sex with an assistant to the service station, a visiting Nigerian princess With a past, and a Fantasy Lover, who apparently derives from his past that involves a flashback sequence that shows Pauline's young grandmother and younger sister taking a verse from the Bible too far and seducing her own father.
68 ::: A Friend in Need (2002) ::: adult ::: When a flight attendance slowly accidentally a criminal transaction video, she asks her best friend, a beautiful police officer for protection. Unfortunately, the two ladies slowly disagree for the health of the burly thug sent to recover the video tape and women are tied, peeled, forced to enter a car stem and driven to abandoned buildings to expect their fate.
69 ::: eXXXtra eXXXtra: The Bad Girls of Hollywood (2007) ::: adult ::: Includes in different cultures as "Sopornos", "Exxxtra-ExpressTrs, Brittany Lohan and more. As well as well , nearly any of the most popular movies in the most popular image, at the same time or otherwise indicator. Use the basis as it Love of one of the crops / entertainment, "Exxxtra-exxxtra - exxxtra - exxxtra - exxxtra his work, his work. In the way he is drawn attention to the ulceanness of his spirit long boobs in sex at the end of the movie, its beautiful Mark.
70 ::: Breakin' 'Em in 1 (2002) ::: adult ::: Seven young young young stars with a new face are tested through the standards of the Vince and Viru Faculty of Pornography for their hardness. The action here is all incredibly insignificant. Every girl finds herself in a sexual state. We are talking about donkeys to mouth, swallowing and penetrating the holes for the name, but a few behaviors. Vouyer's director certainly receives the maximum mileage from each of the focus. Check the Natasha BoxCover in the rare appearance of the girl. Here, you are seeing the only time that has been filmed on the black cock and served simultaneously by two sticks. Gabriela takes three black skin and attaches the cat and the mouth at the same time. Other highlights include an 18 -year -old Scarlett, who is treated with a dick, and the Asian dick is treated with Cheryl, which receives a long excavation in its anal. The stars that pass the test here are displayed in other Red Light District and Vouyer products.
71 ::: Home for the Evening (2004) ::: adult ::: After a grueling day in the office, two nurses are looking forward to relaxing home with beer and pizza. Unfortunately, a masked intruder decides to collapse the festivities and bind and earn the girls in different positions. In the second story, two sexy cheerleaders are captured bound and forced in a cage to send to unknown parts.
72 ::: Masters of Discipline (1975) ::: adult ::: Timothy and Jason are brothers. They are experts in bondage and discipline. They are constrained by a strange and twisted desire to sexually abuse and abuse voluptuous girls. This abnormal compulsion, related to their fanatic religious ideas, forces them to bind (bind) their own sister. It is one of the most scenes that spoke about the movie: "The scene of a dozen clothing clothes!" Driven wild and mad by a micro-mini-worm secretary, Timothy and Jason seized it. In a wooded area, they are alternated and repeatedly attacking it. They conclude their torture with a "double golden gold scene." At the end of the movie Timothy and Jason meet their deserved destiny, but not before they seize a young mother, keep her closure, and perform "unnatural" acts. The nearly "milk scene" is almost incredible is the highlight of the film. Disciplinary masters are not a documentary, however he documents many varieties of abnormal sexual behavior. Psychiatrists have dealt with the personality dysfunction of such affected individuals, and in many cases, say that this is a result of psychosessal development arrested. The purpose for this film is to illuminate and educate adults who may be interested in understanding bondage and discipline.
73 ::: Live Nerd Girls (2012) ::: adult ::: The Lesbites of La'iah was among us! They saw the smile, loved the Dorthers, who love the Dorthers, they love the world, but these loving women have sexy love. Travel with us to the trip to go to a speech where Lesbian has been moved at first!
74 ::: Cheek to Cheek (1993) ::: adult ::: Expensive, very little tale of white boys who connect with black boys (African-Americans.) First, one calls Eric to fix his dishwasher. Travis the roommate returns. Then Eric arrives and they all have sex. Second, there is a person on the bed in linen while Jones is washed. Due to Jones' early work tomorrow, they have sex right then. Third Chad calls gay sex advertising (1-900 black-male). They have sex. Fourth, Guy on Fato needs a massage. Jones is there after work, so they have sex.
75 ::: Ordeal (2002) ::: adult ::: Two stories of blonde tied. At first, the young woman is loaded from intruded and tied and drilled after a long battle. She manages to get rid of herself but gets caught again before she can escape. In the second story, a woman exhausted from work is trapped by a home and her bra invader after binding her safely.
76 ::: Steamy Encounters (2008) ::: adult ::: Driving on the birth bay by San Francisco? Be sure to visit the local Bath Steamworks home for some human-to-man steam actions. Tattooed daddy tattoo tattoo wegman collects T.P. DEaux in the closet room, and both go to it in the hot water bath, and then to a graceful maze of glorious holes. After healing from this, T.P. It controls the gym, where he joins six other muscular boys, with horns in absorbing, rhyming, and fucking together as a dog in the heat. Count the sperm shooting, like studs Conner Habib, J.J. MacArtur, Manuel, Max Power, Mike Nash and Ryan Ryder Cap outside their work with some good old fashioned play. If there is a combination of mouth, donkeys and dicks that are not explored in this orgy, you will be tightly pressing to find it!
77 ::: Ines Escort Deluxe (2016) ::: adult ::: Enter the private life of a escort girl who is not shy at all. Enter the secret world and closed with upper class escorts. Three young women, experts in high -end pleasure, invite you to join their truly perverse games and confess their most intimate experiences. Inčs, 26 years. Sure of his powers of seduction, he began to escort to satisfy his two passions: sex and luxury. With her designer, lingerie and high heels, she meets all unusual fantasy of her rich Kimber customers, 22, recently initiated by a friend, does not stop and reveals everything about her first experiences. Sexual learning, latex fetishes and anal take her to her first real -year -old Real Carnal Awakening. This beautiful brunette stays in escort sites to be provocative. Slip and nothing shy, he does not hesitate to use his youth to seduce men of all ages, just as during the night he had sex with seven perverted in a sexual sauna.
78 ::: Slave Farm (1991) ::: adult ::: Shinna McCillou is the slave of slavery, where women held hands on these thrifts before they traveled to him. He works in the city, and new and famous people do before delivery to farm. Fawna and Dicisian Haze is two tortured with the right candy of the Shanna's right. Fawna with Dansiya and Rebecca, but when they show any incident indicates no signs soon, Shanna decide to give the two employees punish. These two kinds are chopped and press before they can be Pony, draws Shanna around the car. Meanwhile, Emily escapes but held. Shanna Blames candy for escape and move it before to suffer. Shanna leaves for his countrymen, where Mayanan go to Marilyn to the cell cell Laanie, who expects her legs. When Marilyn tells him something, the first time is to come, and the suspension is cursed. Shithanie is being handed with Stephanie attacks and Winds offers Shinna to be the shernie. When the words of the prisoner have devalally lost, Shanna loses grass, in the fields, and farms.
79 ::: Reunion (1976) ::: adult ::: A group of high school friends have been invited to spend the weekend together in a mysterious building on a solitary island. After the group arrived at home, it was discovered that their Od Ball L -host was the past victim of their childhood prank, which is a diabetic sexual revenge.
80 ::: Private Black Label 34: Victoria's Wet Secrets (2004) ::: adult ::: Victoria is a young, beautiful and ambitious swimmer. It works hard to succeed and so do rivals in a training camp. But for them, a swimming pool is not the only place to train. And it is always better to exceed a body when a girl has a hunky man company or even two. Victoria feels solitary especially when he falls in love with a beautiful coach Adam. But luck is on her side. Adam celebrates his birthday in a company of six girls and three friends. It's a party without clothes. Two girls get double-penetrared side by side.
81 ::: Harem Girls (2001) ::: adult ::: Two beautiful associations are held in the office of consultants and tightly and fell. Women are transported to warehouses to warehouses, which are taken to warehouses, which are forced to replace their street clothes with harem-girl clothes. Then frightened women come back and prepare for the new owner. In the second stage, the plans for the four excellent ex-canning girls suddenly changed when the ex-contours decided to arrest hils and arrest horrible women.
82 ::: Sex and Money (2008) ::: adult ::: Sex and money. The two go together like peas and carrots. The dollar may bake, but the interest on pussy is safe on the rise! Each fucker brings an average piece of poon home. High-class pussy is equipped with a premium price. How big is your stack? Is it big enough to take this beauty home? How about your two friends?
83 ::: Hot Circuit (1971) ::: adult ::: When a married seller sexually harassed a stripper, she decides to fulfill his wish, but directly above the public stage. The sellers continue another job to be connected by a babysitter and her girlfriend. The babysitter then goes through a mutual lesbian seduction with her mother's feminist friend, the adventure. Back in her villa is the adventure with an initially anti -feminist lumberjack, which later becomes intimate with the "nymph" of a forest. A producer then gives the "Nymph" a casting couch and leaves him too exhausted for the secretary "his girl on Friday". Instead, she is seduced in a studio by a cough who slept in her car. The circle ends as a pedestrian (stripper) to take the cough home with you to get his expensive electric dildo. She is disappointed when he is more interested in food, but her problem will be solved when he accidentally spilled the whipped cream on her body.
84 ::: Lust & Desire (1996) ::: adult ::: Lust and Desire, two striper Las Vegas, witnesses the murder committed by Gangster's boyfriend. By escaping their lives, they take refuge in a family of hillbillies. Meanwhile, the killer boyfriend and one of her men is trying to track the girls to silence them.
85 ::: Steamy Encounters (2008) ::: adult ::: Drive from San Francisco to the East Gulf? Be sure to visit local Steamworks bathroom for some Steam Man-Man measures. Tattooed Muscle Daddy Til Wegman T.P. Deaux in the lock room, and the two go to the hot water spa and then in a shaded launch of glory holes. After recovery, T.P. He checks the stadium where he joins six other muscular and horny kids, such as dogs in heat, sucking, kicking and fucking together. Pictures of appreciation as the Habib Hobbie House, J.J. calculate, give the bill. McArtor, Manuel, Max Power, Mike Nash and Ryan Ryder do some of the old and old -fashioned games. If a combination of mouth, donkeys and dysfuns is not explored in this organs, you will be hard to find!
86 ::: Temptations (1976) ::: adult ::: A beautiful old showgirl is married to a rich young man, who gives her everything she might want - except sex. However, he likes to look at other beautiful women to have sex, a service provided by his butler. When his wife discovers what he does, she plans to use the butler in a plot to take revenge on her husband.
87 ::: Provinciales en chaleur (1981) ::: adult ::: Rau returns to the city where he reminds him about the happiness that share them with local women. They are all available yet, and that's why he invites his hotel room to be invited to renew their bands
88 ::: Cheerleaders (2008) ::: adult ::: These young, horny "fans" do not only light you during the game, they use their sexual flexibility to get better grades, stolen boyfriend, lose their virginity and much more.
89 ::: Carjackers (2009) ::: adult ::: Even bad men are good in something. "Unlocked men are not just money, but you want to set the unnecessary customers to stop their cars.
90 ::: Reflections 2 (1994) ::: adult ::: Four stories about two persons masturbate individually and then make together because they are on. There are two flashbacks of boys present reflecting the past of homosexual enterprises. The other two are more straight forward stories. A midnight is a military encounter. The other has two nude guys, both masturbating, on each other, on the sofa facing each other, before exiting.
91 ::: The Young Marrieds (1972) ::: adult ::: The plot of Macho's husband who wants to loosen her "frigid" wife. The husband (Ben) is becoming more involved in his own resilience, while his wife (Ginny) turns out to be more open sexually, in ways he either does not know or cannot cope.
92 ::: Summer of Laura (1976) ::: adult ::: Along a lonely beach in a summer colony on the Long Island coast, a man walks slowly, restoring a summer, Laura's summer when he was 19. Richie has a friend on the island, Gene, who is Gregar and wrong. Like the most sensitive Richie, he was also 19. During that summer of awakening he loses his youthful desires and develops his manhood. On the way to the cinema, Richie literally crashes into Laura, an elderly woman living nearby. She asks him if he will help him with some next day's work. He is completely on, but he agrees. Richie goes to her house and after knocking on the door, and gets no answer, enters. On the floor he finds a crushed telegram who reads, "Your husband, Bob Hayes, is killed in action." Laura appears, lonely and vulnerable. It moves toward it in a gesture of human contact. They slowly begin to dance. "That summer we lost five frisbees. We saved a girl from a silly snake, I saw our first skin slide, and I lost my laureate." The sea rises and the past is over.
93 ::: Les Plaisirs solitaires (1976) ::: adult ::: Joelle has tried to lose his virginity without success, until he meets Héctor. Martine's husband is so unable to give her pleasure, that she must find him with Guy, and finally with a woman's lover. Arlene is not happy with her lover and seeks pleasure alone.
94 ::: Girls of Collectors (1989) ::: adult ::: Girls of Collectors' is the last chapter of the series of extremely successful collectors/series of gourmet summary - displaying scenes from "Breaking it", "Bad Girls III" and "Another Roll in the Hay" - all appreciated From the press of the adult video like you were the best compilations to come over the years. The big budgets spent on the original collectors' films appear on the screen not only in talented performers, with big names employed, but also in the depth and clarity of the image achieved by filmmakers Svetlana and David Frazier. All of them guarantee repeated performances for both sex intensity and tireless joy and work involved in doing them!
95 ::: Valentina, ragazza in calore (1981) ::: adult ::: Valentina (Moana Pozzi) is an adventurous girl with a beautiful figure that cannot refuse anyone and has sex with them. When she came to Rome in search of fortune and adventure, she first met a painter with whom she had a new one, then a lesbian.
96 ::: American Beauty (1993) ::: adult ::: Mark Business and Steven Sterix, City pieces of city, on the road, where their truck is fall in blinds. Now they have been closed in those who have called on the use. Who will take up from someone who who ...
97 ::: Apocalypse Babylon (2003) ::: adult ::: Apocalypse Babylon was the first chapter of Charley Crow's "Greedlove trilogy" (the second chapter is Black Angel Falls). The Alejandro Biscotti gangster has a mole in his operation, but the mole is the least of his concerns, because his real opponent is the rich researcher of mental control Arthur Greedlove. Greedlove has a secret weapon: the assassin of sexy zombies, Babylon.
98 ::: Donne d'onore (2009) ::: adult ::: This is an important time for Sicily's crime families. The family reaches a peak, as opposed to "Godfaders" ", a stunning telegram comes from Los Angeles. A top Godfather serial daughter (Maurizia Pardiso) is coming home for a holiday. Godfather's daughter Has set in a series and speed of betrayal. Secret contacts that carry to a shocking climax.
99 ::: Virtual Blackjack with Gina Lynn (2006) ::: adult ::: Play the controversy against the star of Gina Lane. As you win, he will reward you by depriving you. Bet her all your money and get her interactive Hardcore sex in multilingual films.
100 ::: Bondage: Code Red (2012) ::: adult ::: Super heroes, binding and complementary through the interpretation of the bow, are arrested, pushing to a multi -dimensional gateway and forced to fight their enemy in a variety of parallel universes. Whether it is a crime control girl, a barbarian princess or a sexy lamp, the results are always the same - adventure is always tightened and distorted by her enemy without a heart. In other stories, the Community College coach and Hogties hold two fans, link the vibrators between their legs and pick the event to his position on the slavery site. In the last article, Bokom Secretary is to steal an office after hours, when her nakedness was left and retreated at the head of her office.
101 ::: American Beauty (1993) ::: adult ::: Marc Wallice and Steven St. Croix, a few slickers of the city, recruit a Hillbilly Beauty competition when their trucks collapse in the sticks. Now they are stranded among those who wanted to take advantage of them. So who will ... take advantage of it in the end?
102 ::: Hung Country for Young Men (2008) ::: adult ::: Somewhere I-40 in the hot city of weeds, New Mexico, the country hanging for young men, shows the story of the Drift that causes a gay sheriff in a small town, when stealing and sleeping in the city. To be destroyed. Along the way, we meet with the owner of the Roadhouse, who has a water -full, yet romantic scene with a beer delivery boy, and three strip clients ending in a 3 -wild road in the men's room. The last scene has more peak ways than one!
103 ::: Wine Me, Dine Me, 69 Me (1983) ::: adult ::: You can't ask for more famous actors from what this show offers! Join Seka, Annette Haven, Anna Ventura, Serena and AllUling Pia Snow in a legendary series in Fabled Fornifications and fast Frolics!
104 ::: Lana (2017) ::: adult ::: Lana, a young lawman, is struggling to manage her time and money. When her colleague in the room, Kate, notice that she is threatening in a situation that is not very different from her, she asks about some tips and gets to know the world of treatment. Over the course of a year, Lana has a series of unforgettable sexual experiences and learning the art of anal sex with countless customers. Her story is crowned with an incredible dual penetration that changes her life forever.
105 ::: Virtual Blackjack with Gina Lynn (2006) ::: adult ::: Play Black Jack against porn star Gina Lyn. With your victory, reward you with abstraction. Make her bet on all her money away and you will get interactive militant sex with Gina in a multi -corner video.
106 ::: Bikini Bondage Battle (2013) ::: adult ::: Two bikini-covered babies fight for a valuable modeling contract where the two ladies intend to eliminate competition by allowing them to fight on the bound and gagged land. In other vignettes, four naked beauty are in the same way.
107 ::: Slick Honey (1991) ::: adult ::: Nick Slick is self-eye-care about the scribe, Mona. When I have tricks of the Slick Officer going to the next hospital, Nick receives a job to check the mar. Norton, because he suspects and her husband is not trusting. Although he will work it, he finds that Mr. Norton is a movie, at one time of Munan discovering the other face in Mrs. Norton ...
108 ::: Decadence (1994) ::: adult ::: Two couples translate the decay hiding under the surface of high society: Steve, Sir but ignorant, is involved in a kinky relationship with Helen, a posh socialite living in Belgravia; Meanwhile, Steve's Riche wife of Steve Sybil is having an affair with Les, a private eye hired to kill her husband.
109 ::: Rear Gunners (2006) ::: adult ::: This lover video includes a brock in two scenes. The first is connected to the bed with Cole. The second is connected to Dean on the living room sofa while Kody & Hoss are matched in the same room on the love seat. But for the first eleven minutes, the camera includes Brock & Dean exclusively as they slowly get frisky, even as the other two speak in the background. Then go to the shower. After that scene, we return to Kody & Hoss, but surprisingly to those first eleven minutes again, albeit from the second camera. They continue to perform out of the past that point however, until all four are suddenly raised on that sofa for the climate scene. At the conclusion, Flamingo speaks to all his men sitting together.
110 ::: Bite the Big Apple (1997) ::: adult ::: New York City in July is like a hot apple pie. Sign in an ice queen, a dame, a plate, a tomato. It has been in more laps than a napkin. She can work a man as a summer job. This is the story of Slate, Sam Slate, a private dick. The man who has the misfortune to become interconnected on its network. While the concrete jungle is heated.
111 ::: Penthouse Satin & Lace (1992) ::: adult ::: The erotic history of Lineri. Seventeen sensitive women take you to a transparent erotica! Lie down, quietly and enter the sexy array.
112 ::: Six-Feet Tall and All Tied Up (2016) ::: adult ::: The new and amazing bright white people were on the cap of supermodel's greatness, and the rival's model stealed his guy and send her a veteran to take the veteran place. Only the guy decides to keep his innocent victim and to put it in a strong and angry situation.
113 ::: Catch 69 (1970) ::: adult ::: Two young lesbians who live together have what they consider to be the perfect life-good jobs, a beautiful apartment and their sex life is satisfactory. One day one of the former friends of the girls appears, a soldier who has just returned from an overseas tour. The girls decide to try again to see if they can be sexually satisfied by a man, and it changes into a competition to see who can bed first and how far each will go if they do.
114 ::: Big Favors (1985) ::: adult ::: An empty house, which is for sale, the opening scene of one of the worst sex scenes in history, mainly because of Vince Thomas, which was all night, before filming the film, the drug was performed at a pool party. Ayyashi seemed to be completely related to the reality around him, and his attempt to harmonize with the shadow of Joyce Blonde was a big mistake, this is a terrible film.
115 ::: Double Czech (2000) ::: adult ::: A sensual journey of lust and love, "double check" looks at real -life twin brothers Carle and Jirka Bartok on Discovery Walk, eventually leads them to the person they really share intimacy with each other For long time for. For the first time, these real -life twins will share everything on the screen.
116 ::: Bring It Black 6 (2007) ::: adult ::: If three is a charm, then six is ​​double because five more white girls are in trouble. The dicks are darker a thick one hung up and go so deep inside that they can pierce a lung. She gets fucked upright, she is nailed upside down, and it's all because the boyz ... are black in the city!
117 ::: Caligola: Follia del potere (1997) ::: adult ::: A glimpse of the daily life of the notorious Roman Emperor. Caligula rides on her favorite Stalian Intates and is given a Wash, which is made by her female slaves and enjoys sexual favor. At a Senate meeting, Caligula insults the senators and threatens to appoint his favorite Stalian. The German princess provides a welcome diversion to a visit to Brunhild. Boring also relieves two friends of Greece Dematris and Jason. They participate in a ballgame that quickly leads the Orgies, and Caligula invites them to the Egyptian brothel. But their investment is short, and Caligula looks alone and desolate once again. Luckily, Brunhield and his favorite slaves are more than ready to assure the emperor.
118 ::: Dangerous Profession (1999) ::: adult ::: An intelligence agent plans to arrest several double-agents, but the secret vendors get the wind of the plan. They need to know who is on their plan, so they catch a brace of perky entry-level operators and try to force them to divide the information they need.
119 ::: Indieboyz Sk8punks (2010) ::: adult ::: The young, hot and tattooed rebels join in the last indieboyz, Sk8 Punks! Look at these boys in shape and anxious experience with each other, with the most delicious alternative boys who do exactly what you have always wanted to do it! Put it!
120 ::: Payback! (2000) ::: adult ::: A sexy coed decides that it would be fun to play with the husbands of other women, until one of the measures of the wife takes measures, which implies chloroforming, tied and gagging the naked sexpot. In the second story, two women run into the sites 'how' of slavery while navigating the web. One of his coworkers offers to show the lovely (and naked) ladies.
121 ::: The Upsilon Caper (2015) ::: adult ::: When a research laboratory finds a new kind of radiation, enemy agents and corporate go IES are disappointed to obtain information about the project and are disappointed with an active office worker, a government agent and a security expert and in the process.
122 ::: On Top (1986) ::: adult ::: When he is on a porn movie shoot, Rick proves that he is the man who dominates his drill partner in an erotic wrestling match. But is Rick just like control in his life outside camera? With the death of his sister, Rick's Orgery brother-in-law, Jim, inherited half of the farm of Rick's family and notes sharing his plans to sell it to Condo developers. With the farm in Jeopardy, the farm servants from Rick's distraction benefit by fiddling with each other and with Rick's visiting cousin and best buddy. It is up to Rick to prove whether he can realize his personal motto to always come to the top.
123 ::: Phoebe's Back in Bondage (2015) ::: adult ::: A crook's friend captures Phoebe's friend and then forces the petite brunette to turn a valuable hard drive drive before removing the unfortunate duo, binding and gag. In other stories, a self -commitment lover gets more than she expected when she asks a friend to show her the ropes, a naked blond beauty in her bedroom and a woman who wears a small red dress is firmly bound to a bed post.
124 ::: King of the Hill (2015) ::: adult ::: King of the Hill Allen King's Tausend-Watt-Lächeln 2015 at the Hustaball Awards 2015, in which he is located, the thousand watt smile of King of the Hill Allen shines on every room in which it is located, and everyone could Feel how the positive energy only broke out of it. We are almost sure that Rodin has shaped beautifully tired body. Never shy away from his love for sex, all skills are obvious every time it is beaten.
125 ::: Asianatrix 2: The Valley Version (1999) ::: adult ::: The Greater Los Angeles hide the amazing range of elusive dreams in the dark corners of the region - Thai porn dancers, Vietnamese party girls, Chinese college students, Filipino sex slaves. These hypnotic beauties are sexually bait and carnivores followed by lucky and engaged men known as rice queens.
126 ::: A Night for Legends: First Annual XRCO Adult Film Awards (1985) ::: adult ::: Carrying out an exhibition of awards is a monumental task. Oscar, Emmy, Tony, Grammy, they all had a lot of practice, and the result is a smooth professional appearance program. But, the first show for everyone was probably a little chaotic. This is the first attempt to reward the organization of X (XRCO) criticism for the film industry for adults. Chaos does not start to describe it. Held in a show bar at West Hollywood on Valentine's Day, 1985, XRCO awarded fifteen "cardiacs" to actors, actresses, screenwriters, directors, theatrical films and direct videos, and three other in a category to all values. Five other cardiacs, with categories such as "lascivious lesbians" and "oral orgasmics" were devoted to participants in specific scenes. A special merit of merit and the enthronement of five actors, five actresses, three film creators and three films in the renowned temple of XRCO adult film completed the program. So how was it chaotic? A co-host arrived late. There was a three-hour power failure between the presentations of the first and second prize, where the other co-host explained, "the only thing that works was the bar". Some of the planned participants left when the lights died, which caused last -minute rewritings and substitutions. The missed errors and signals were the rule, but they managed to collect everything. Most of the procedures are recorded here, the less the electricity failure and some of the acceptance speeches, interspersed with clips of the winner's films. It's a train wreck, but you can't can't watch.
127 ::: Tribute to the 50's (2003) ::: adult ::: First - Lindsay does not wait for his big date. But instead of the "Malt Shop" she has been abducted by a cruel al -alien and is imprisoned in a tight bond to exchange for fuel in the galaxy. After that, Lindsay plays the role of Betty Page's granddaughter in the missing photos, real clothes and tight ropes and gags.
128 ::: Pleasure Dome (2006) ::: adult ::: Wellacum to Wellacon for Pakalaccon does not need any other feeling, no other need and need anyone else than to enjoy clean. But, of course, we do not talk about delicate pleasure, we only tell you about the anal pleasures that will bring you a personal X-treme.
129 ::: Deep Inside Nikki Dial (1993) ::: adult ::: Nikki has chosen his favorite XXX scenes and has assembled on a tape. In addition, the Nikster pleases us in a new fantasy scene taken only for this special event! It's like spending a night with Nikki without leaving your living room.
130 ::: Rear Gunners (2006) ::: adult ::: This immatier video in two scenes broke. First she lies in bed with cover. Second he is built with Din Swine in the living room while the code encrypted and host was made in the same room in the love seat. But for the first eleventh minority, the character of the camera and Den's characteristics especially fried, even like the other two in the background. Then they go to the shower. After this scene is done, we returned to codes and hoster, but at the time of surprise again from the second camera. They continue to do an orally of the past, until all four all four are passing in this sofa. As a result, the filtting is talking to their men all sitting together.
131 ::: The Young Marrieds (1972) ::: adult ::: Masho's husband's plot wants to free frorred wife. Her husband (ben) becomes its harsh, and his wife (Ginny) is sexually open, but does not know about it or don't deal with it.
132 ::: Amadeus Mozart (1995) ::: adult ::: The music calms the cruel animal ... and will entice the most beautiful women. You have heard about the famous classical composer Mozart, but you may not be fully aware of why you were very good on herpes. You see, it was more important than Mozart's love for music, it was his lust for anti -gender, and making music was his way of getting beautiful babes to love him. But he was not without his competitors, other oversized producers, whoever knows how to use his talent to tempt the most beautiful women in Europe, including the queen!
133 ::: The Warehouse (2004) ::: adult ::: A warehouse owner is about to go out of business, until he decides to change the place in a gay sex club at night, but the city's mayor is firm to close them, until he is a local employed paternity organization Does not issue an order of condoms for.
134 ::: Girls Kissing Girls 12 (2013) ::: adult ::: In this latest installment of a series of a series of a series by critics of Sweetheart Video, girls are seduced in long, erotic kisses, which leads to warm, intense sex for which this series is recognized. Art dealer Eden Ashley should struggle with the nature artist Dana Vespoli, who refuses to compromise on his own point of view, thus there is an agreement position. Orthodox writer Alyssa Reece comes face to face with feminist writer Sarabhu Sere, before the two girls are leading to the fight for words and tongues, to appear in a talk show. Makeup artist Jessie Andrews nervously applies makeup to her idol, actress Ryan Keeli, only feelings for her to search for actresses. Finally, the Celeste Star reveals that her new roommate, Anikka Albreight, is a penchet to undergo her things.
135 ::: Bondage Potpourri (2014) ::: adult ::: During a visit to an old friend, two sexy ladies find a hidden scrapbook of bondage photos. When the friend returns and catches them in the deed, the two visitors are bound, pinched and forced to become the latest submissions. Five other sexy women are captured by blind dates or intruders and safely and muzzled.
136 ::: Lesbian Babysitters 11 (2014) ::: adult ::: In the 11 payments of this critically acclaimed series, a couple of glamorous reality show consisting of Sandy, a former model and Ariel, a fitness competitor loses everything once their show is canceled. Their nanny, Raven, cares about the baby showing producers were forced the couple to have, hoping to boost ratings. Sandy leans on the beautiful raven, confirming its hopes and fears as Ariel becomes dangerous near an influential fitness client. Raven fights her growing passion for Sandy, and tries to be desperate to keep this family fragile together.
137 ::: The Boobs of Hazzard (2005) ::: adult ::: Hazard County will never be the same again! At least not after our girl crying with tears. This super charged high octane sex slope features several powerful hot girls! Lexxy Tyler, Mackenzie Mack, Malibu, Hot NewCummers Amy REID and Carli Banks burn the screen! It's time to get off and get Dan and Dannis style!
138 ::: Private Shoot (2002) ::: adult ::: In the first story, a photography session turns into something else and kinky when the model prevails at the tip of the gun, then bound and strangled. In the second story, three cute women are taken captive by a house invader, who enjoys brutally tie and fasten their curvy victims.
139 ::: Bring It Black 6 (2007) ::: adult ::: If three is an attractive, then it is twice as many as six times that five more white girls are in trouble. The tuchari is darkness' he is weak, he fell in the clashes, and all these boys ... black is in the city!
140 ::: The Make Up (2007) ::: adult ::: Mandy and Spencer suffer from problems in the relationship ... he wants to marry, while she wants to separate. When Spencer asks his father to get advice, Mandy and Spencer end up in a resort for turbulent couples. The only problem is that my father has never told them the type of resort, which was really ...
141 ::: Nicole & Sussi: Young Girls and Big Toys (1997) ::: adult ::: Nicole of teenagers, parks and other places have delicious outdoor sex (3 times) ... Big toy, very sexy clothes, round bottom, sweet spoiled sack, additional documentary collection, first class Equipped with the original soundtrack, a dream -like "Enigma" style!
142 ::: Laura Lee: Bound for Reality (2012) ::: adult ::: The software rating with a software rating is a tanking, advises consultant to preserve their tanks. They invented a false steal scheme to increase the rankings that require a great payment for the "victim" and its "thiever" and its victims.
143 ::: Sista 25 (2008) ::: adult ::: The best-selling silver edition of Afro-Centric All Girl, All Chocolate Series is here! Director Jax has picked up the brand new Hotties Nia and Candice Nicole, Sinnamon Love's sista debut, Miss Tia's great ass, Stacy Adam's great natural titties, and the orgy of 5 Lezolicious girl.
144 ::: How to Seduce a Straight Man (2007) ::: adult ::: Four stories about seducing straight men: while their girlfriends get beer, a man seduces his buddy in the hot tub. Then a drunk young man with marital problems sleeps at the house of his gay friend. Thirdly, a muscular young man finds the drive-in to check out girls a surprise in the popcorn of his buddy. Finally a lifter gets a ride and finds a gay -porn magazine in the glove compartment, which later leads to an embarrassing situation when he is caught on another look!
145 ::: Fuckin' with Dave Pounder (2003) ::: adult ::: Dave Pounder's roommate does not stop him. They first try to block him when picking up a hot girl in a local club, but when he tries to seduce the girl he has, the last straw is drawn. He decided to return to them by fucking their roommate girlfriend and sister. Dave regrets his actions, Dave visits his roommate at work and tries to apologize for what he has done, but instead makes one of the clients shit. Fuckin 'with Dave Pounder is a college, real -type sex that your girlfriend wants to have sexual intercourse!
146 ::: Love Secrets (1976) ::: adult ::: To and her husband Alan, pierced with their sex life, find themselves in long and separate periods of erotic daydreams. Those dreams are so real that the couple loses every sense of reality. At work, Alan Fantasize about his luxurious secretary, while the renewed knowledge of Li with a former boyfriend takes a frenzied sex meeting that goes up when another girl goes down both. In the end they open each other about their loose sexual passions one day, and proceed to the bedroom. Their marriage, now strengthened by a more honest approach, begins a new phase of delicious sexual encounters. Yummm ...
147 ::: Donne d'onore (2009) ::: adult ::: It is a crucial moment for Sicily's criminal families. As the "godfather" of the opposition family for a summit arrives, a surprise telegram arrives from Los Angeles. The dazzling daughter (Maurizia Paradiso) of a superior sponsor is returning to vacation house. The godfather's daughter launches a series of betrayals and betrayals secret links that lead to a shocking climax.
148 ::: On White Satin (1980) ::: adult ::: The more sex things happen when we see the start under a soft, sexy white satin sheet. From the honeymoon couple to the Wild Fraternity Toga party, on the white satin prove that it is the best bet for a picture that will have big feet, sexy weapons and nice thighs. The most sex things happen on white satin.
149 ::: 'n schot in de roos (1983) ::: adult ::: Maja is angry with her husband Alex. Because he wants to participate in a trio. Maja will take away GE by experimenting with her own choice, including her girlfriendluise.
150 ::: Wine Me, Dine Me, 69 Me (1983) ::: adult ::: You could not ask for a more famous distribution of adult artists than what this show offers! Join Seka, Annette Haven, Anna Ventura, Serena and the attractive snow snow in a legendary foray into frantic forification and rapid foliques!
151 ::: College Wild Parties Vol. 4 (2006) ::: adult ::: College, a time to learn, partying and most importantly fucking. The fourth edition of the college wild parties visit six hot campus shindigs. Music is pampin ', beer flowin hai' and children are humpin '. Look, Crazy College Coid is getting naked and is fucking anyone who gets on the way, Ohhh College.
152 ::: Tough Competition (1984) ::: adult ::: The gold for the United States wins very well -equipped swimmers Peter Evans. A former swimmer with a gold medal, who became a reporter, interviews Peter, but can hardly wait to combine with previous fame by bringing it into the changing room. Peter is not satisfied in the parking lot in the parking lot to get off in an unlocked car. When mother and son owners, whose thief is at work, comes up with him, the mother appears to get a police officer while the son discovers the truth, joins Peter and uses the swimmer before soding him. The next step is to visit Peter's hotel room after he was almost attacked because of his team USA jacket. When Peter rests in the bedroom, another athlete calls and sets the term "top coach" a new shoot by being below (which appears a regular event between these two). Her groaning awakened Peter, who, when he is observed from the door, is switched on by the activity but is not interested in them. Therefore, he decides to switch one to his own reflection in a mirror. Now he is ready to celebrate his victory with his teammates with champagne and an orgy.
153 ::: Dynastud (1986) ::: adult ::: In this last episode of the sexually explicit "Dynasdud" television series, Steven and Adam, Harrington's thin boys of Beverly Hills, live to meet their carnal fans, but business is a business. With Truck Johnson, Drillco's pitch manager, arriving by plane, Mrs. Harrington Phones her two decadent sons. Due to the trouble of the limo, she directs Steven to get a truck from the airport. He agrees against his heart but shortly after losing the sense of all the time when he meets the new stable family of the family, immediately decides to check his entire measure, there and then, and during free time. Meanwhile, Adam, on their way to Hawaii in a private aircraft packed with party guests, fails to receive a mother's message to return home to the truck party. The pilot, which investigates the problem, leaves the cockpit to discover Adam in the private rear room having a warm and heavy meeting with the guest Brian. Unable to spend oneself, the airman is kept, eventually (and vigorously) joining them. In the palace, the truck finally arrives (leads to the Balding Majordoms to practice a private fantasy after seeing a truck in his room). When Steven finally arrives (right at home from dark airport), he encounters a truck in the pool, and both make a special connection.
154 ::: Two on One (2005) ::: adult ::: Two beautiful women are hired to kidnap a lovely lady for a rich, but crooked businessman. Soon, the roommates put pleasure ahead of business and begin to play perverted games with their surprising victim arranged. Soon the tables turn like the first, then another woman is a victim of the other's sexual desires.
155 ::: Maid in Manhattan (1984) ::: adult ::: Disappeared that her active work is not as challenging as their colleges (q) (q) (q) (yourself) with a family partner in the New York City. Before her arrival, the Latin field firms the Jack of Latin's field and other plans plan to marry her son rack with a commitment of a commitment. He chooses dinner but her porn in the direction of her porn and daughter's daughter's daughter was late after her Handman with her Handman. When he comes in the end, the brook has already been left to talk to Jerstant's bullying marks, the mother's millie also imports him to marry a brook. Jnegate, who gives meads dinner in the mistake, the teacher, to sleep with her, just shooting him for bad activity. But in the night of the night, it is a great jack that imagined with her. Even other, the next day he is a gel that broll is taking the hot tab and wash with success. Rick and Mark showed later. Brook looks like a rack, so his mother's back to the backs on the back of his emotional to the beat with themselves with themselves with themselves with themselves to sleep with him. Rick Latin's field harassing his sexual feeding, rack reveals his duty with his dad. However he says he likes he and their privacy respects, so he will not respect her my mother. This latin video changes your mind about his furniture and he also dreams with him. After, he becomes close with brook and he decides to sleep with him. He then comes clean about the marriage plan. Brooke immediately dumped him and drop the Navic in Lemons. He stops his favorite for Hitchfare, whoever puts the pants and let him meet him with fame. د هغې د پوسټ کالج په هالیولوډ کلونو کې ناراضه شوی، 'د بروک ساحې (زه) (QV) (د ځان سره انځورول. پداسې حال کې چې لاتین میدان وسوځې دواړه پلار او زوی دواړه، مور چې هیڅ پلار یې نه اخلي، بروکک Will marry the son.
156 ::: Grab and Bind of Blair Williams: A Fluid Conspiracy (2016) ::: adult ::: A long leg blonde has hidden a vial of precious liquid which wants to achieve frightening force. When she refuses to explain where it is located, the curvy Amazon is naked, which are bound in various stringent positions and are forced interrogated.
157 ::: Hollywood's Nailin' Palin (2010) ::: adult ::: When Sarah Palin is invited to a movie for her life, she faces competition by Tina Fei. After an unrelated visit to the set of CSI: Wasilla, we catch up with Sarah while she and David Hasselhof Judges at the next top governor of America. Next, she interviews the master of the illusion Chris Angel and Levi Johnston in her own show "Just Sarah." Finally, Sarah finished with her participation in a Hostler movie directed by Axel Brown.
158 ::: Disconnected (1992) ::: adult ::: In the middle of the night, a pretty young man fights with insomnia, which is due to the fact that you get prank calls. When he gets to sleep and falls out of sleep, he has three different erotic dreams: a tryst with a piece in a suburb -Hinterhof pool of the 1950s; An erotic but annoying vampire sequence and a voyeuristic four-way with French seafarers in the 1940s (a tribute to Jean Genet).
159 ::: Pledge Sister (1973) ::: adult ::: Darpok Freshman Melani Sorority supports her by her blocked swinger sister Cheril as Kapa Delta's potential new member. However, Melani will have to bear the ritual of a special secret initiative before becoming eligible to join Sorority.
160 ::: I'm No Brat (1990) ::: adult ::: Randy West and Nikki Randall are a happily married couple who cannot withstand each other. Until a beautiful maid comes to work for you. Soon the suspicion is that Randy has an affair. Randy and Nikki will soon be rid of their lawyer (Jon Dough). What you don't know is that Jon Taig and Marilyn Rose play both sides in the middle.
161 ::: Home for the Evening (2004) ::: adult ::: After a exhausting day in the office, two nurses are looking forward to resting home with beer and a pizza. Unfortunately, a masked intruder decides to topple the celebrations and connect and gags girls in a variety of positions. In the second story, two sex promoters are caught connected and forced into a cage for shipment in unknown parts.
162 ::: Rosalie se découvre (1985) ::: adult ::: Rosary goes to a large city (Zurich) and works as a Dr. Palmer's assistant. Accepted by her colleagues, she changes her outlook from a sweet, nice girl to a sexy woman, and immediately receives an invitation to spend the weekend with a doctor. When her fiancee visits her, but when she can't find her house, her and her doctor's wife spend a good time together and plans to regain her partner in an annual masked ball.
163 ::: Wet Dreamz of Genie (2005) ::: adult ::: Once there was a lovely place with a loved one that can be deep over all your dreams. He loves his favorite boy and give it magical gifts and immortality. However, a brother remained back on his feelings. This proves his loyal person to be alive forever to claim the bottle on the planet. The 2000 years later, the winds move Antonio Nalgado and his close friend Rog is diagnosed after dry. To open the world of more than a population of cum - in the 4th century. Now, those who do not have a popularity on Make the Medducus heads looking for work and friends, young to whom his father Their offering brackbs to heart until they try to build new and home. From the popularity of the rainbow, the pair of a non-busheless weather without restrictions without restraining, Pack offers something on the leg. Cum along the sweet, Kinky, the sexual film!
164 ::: Pilot Error (2001) ::: adult ::: Two espionage hostesses find themselves in Dyer Dyerre when a smuggling ring learns that they have found proof of their criminal activities on their captain's computer. In the second tale, a gourmet edge agent is removed, linked, gagged and drunk in a steam trunk.
165 ::: Apocalypse Babylon (2003) ::: adult ::: Apocalypse Babylon was the first chapter of the purpose of Charlie Crowe "The Greedlove Trilogy" (the second chapter is Flack Angel Falls). Mafiot Alejandro Biscoti has a mole in his operation, but the mole is the least of his concerns, as his true opponent is a rich researcher of the control of the mind Arthur Garedlov. Greedlove has a secret weapon: the sexy zombie killer, Babylon.
166 ::: Big River (1995) ::: adult ::: Men of a small farm town in the deep south of America live in the woods with a mythical 7-foot long wood-tying. The 'Big Riker' threatens the town's people, but most of the local guys occupy hot sex in a public place. He knows the truth about the ricker and his gorgeous chopper only when the pretty, but stupid, farm-boy Christian Fox is gone in wood!
167 ::: Backdoor to Hollywood Part 2 (1986) ::: adult ::: A movie maker is looking for a woman's lead to cast in her next epic, it's just having trouble finding the right girl. She sends her spouse to find out what she is looking for: someone who looks demuen and innocent but below is "total ups".
168 ::: The Young and the Wrestling 2 (1989) ::: adult ::: Wildman Danny revives his wrestling on television with his lover Penelope when she gets a challenge from Arab sheik, who arrives escorted by two harem girls as bodyguards. While the woman's champion Lin Ferrari trains a men's pair of European fighters, Wildman also trains the girls from harem in the fight against all-in. Action heat soon leads to sex. The main match prevents the referee, no one other than a masked Captain America.
169 ::: Titillation (1982) ::: adult ::: Brendweeks works for Felix Fit Willie, an old businessman who owns a large brass bra. Felix has already hired countless detectives to find a woman who believes that he is enough to fit in his bra. Brenda's husband, Rouster, has to trick her with his new neighbors, and Brenda has to hire the top private detective spado Zappo and Hat Johnson. Brenda provides her own BUXOM to Spado Zappo to achieve that goal. Meanwhile, it turned out that the searched woman was Jeri. Jeri refuses the driver, spikes, and urges him to rape. However, while he was planning to continue from behind when he fell asleep, Pid Johnson, looking from the outside, decided to enter and drove him. Brenda Weeks departs from his house, where she and "Rooster" proves that they have an open marriage by seducing other new neighbors into a trio. Suspicion of the scheme, the detective invades the Felix office with a woman called Amanda. Spado Zappo makes them wait, and at that time Amanda seduces Pigeon Johnson. Eventually, it turned out that all characters were involved in their own plans to get money to find women. Spado Zappo has everyone at the muzzle and tells Jerri to take off her top. The brass bra fits and she agrees that she will soon become a young lover of Rich Felix.
170 ::: The Incredible Hulk XXX: A Porn Parody (2011) ::: adult ::: The widow Dr. David Banner and his lonely colleague Dr. Elaina Marks are trying to discover how sexual frustration can lead to superhuman health feats. But the banner goes too far when experimenting with gamma rays and now when he gets angry, its inner sexual beast is released.
171 ::: Bad Timing (2000) ::: adult ::: Three office workers are taken prisoner, bound and pinched by a mysterious woman who is very efficient with knots. However, the girls succeed in escaping instead of calling the police or leaving the building, they decide to give their prisoner a taste of her own medicine. Unfortunately for the well -formed lassies, their plan is spectacularly counterproductive and soon all four women are sitting on a couch with rope and silent with tape or canvas.
172 ::: The Young Marrieds (1972) ::: adult ::: The fly husband plot wants to open their "flooring" woman. Husband (Ben) is increasingly occupied in their shape, while his wife (Jenny) proves himself, in the ways he does not know about it.
173 ::: Loose Times at Ridley High (1988) ::: adult ::: The succulent girls of Ridley High are about to graduate, and this start of a famous book with lust fulfills every youthful imagination that has ever been dreamed of. Mad crushed in male teachers when our sweet young things explore both their prospective sexuality and the bodies of the other. So young, so innocent, so tender, these sweet little girls - thrown in their in the middle of the top uniforms - cross and discover their virgin legs for their trainers. With shoulder straps that describe their Pert boy breasts, the teachers have difficulty maintaining their raging passions. Students - Teacher conferences take on a completely new meaning !! HOT!!
174 ::: Grab and Bind of Josie Jagger: Josie in Jeopardy (2015) ::: adult ::: A beautiful brunette becomes the victim tied and gagged with an intruder, who naked her, tickles and torments her with ice. The hooded villain leaves the sexy Spitfire with a gift that continues to give: a vibrator in which he will do the best.
175 ::: Deep Rub (1979) ::: adult ::: Simple terrain, sensational sex. A masseuse takes on different costumes to satisfy its customers. She disguises herself as a boat crew member, a Chinese girl and an uninformed motorist - who a complete overhaul is in preparation. The sexual scene of Annette Haven and Desiree Cousteau is one of the most sensitive between two women. The end result is that it receives the title of Master Masseuse and your total satisfaction is guaranteed !!
176 ::: Private Independent 2: Open Invitation - A Real Swingers Party in San Francisco (2010) ::: adult ::: An open invitation is a lavish homage to the ultimate imagination for many couples - the sexy and exciting vibrating lifestyle. The flowers are a loving couple whose sex life has hit a burglary. On the other side of the hall are their neighbors - the angels involved in the "lifestyle", and their sex life is through the roof. They can hardly make it through the door before tearing each other off the clothes and having a hot, wet encounter directly on the bottom of the living room. Inevitably, the two couples cross paths.
177 ::: Steamy Encounters (2008) ::: adult ::: Walking the driving to the east from San Francisco? Make sure to visit the local vapor bathing home for some other action by some other action. Tatquid muscular father's wheel dicks in the locker room, and two are going on a hot water spap, and then goes in the course of HOLLS. After it recovering from it, t.p. The gym inspects the gym, where she joins six other muscular guys, decorative boys, and dogs like a dog. Calculate CUM Shots, as the Cums Cinder Habib, Jkutor, Max Power, Mikes, and Ryan IID, and Ryan Iid and the Ryan IID did not block their work with a bit of good old Fashi Fashion Man game. If the mouth combination, horses, and dicks have been boarded in this angened, you will press hard to find it!
178 ::: Ginger (1985) ::: adult ::: A rich old man will not give his inheritance unless the grandson marries and does not create an heir. The old man's lawyer Roger proposes to hire an agency as Roger for the more junior secretary under his desk. The old man listens to three women. Only the "ginger" competitor refuses to undress and even eventually hits the old man. This gives her the victory and she is sent to the kitchen, so Cook Tamayo will show her how to combine food with sex. Then the fashion designer G -N -Marvel measures ginger for underwear, which soon receives them intimate. French teacher Monsieur Labush arrives to find a maid Lisa, who pleases herself. The maid pretends to be ginger to lure him in sex with her. Servants and ginger lure a dance teacher to undress. Soon he leaves, leaving Ginger alone with Butler Marlowe. During the Ginger Party, she agrees to intake with Monsieur Labush, but Kani and Marlow. Meanwhile, Cook Tamayo is a guest party William Walker, while the maid Lisa is seduced by the harassment of Mr. Marvel.
179 ::: The Blonde (1980) ::: adult ::: Valerie Vincent was the queen of the Royal Blonde sex of Hollywood until her mysterious and tragic death. Now, a few years later, every aspiration actress is struggling to play it in the new steam photo based on Valerie's life. Along the way, some strange facts have been discovered about the disappearance of Valerie and some of the shocking ones for her early film career. Annette Haven, the royal queen of the adult film land, appears in the dual role of Valerie and an aspiring actress hoping to play it. Along with Annette, Detroit's Lewis brothers have joined Brooke West, Bonnie Holiday and presenting Oriental Mai Lin beauty. Hollywood for years has used and enjoyed its Platinum queens, and now the film of adult Land has its own. Annette Haven is blonde.
180 ::: Class Reunion (2004) ::: adult ::: Many former college students decide to have a class re -unite to restore old friendship. Unfortunately, one of their old classmates is now a prominent politician, who is supposed to be one of the attendees. Girls can be grabbed one by one, gaggos and rope so that the person can search for awkward evidence. In the second story, a pair of bikini-worn infants holding at a beach, tied up, gagging, to a van that goes into the woods, to keep them away from an unknown destination.
181 ::: Juice (1973) ::: adult ::: Colette is a passionate French girl who is looking for sex in all the wrong places. She goes to talk about her siege, Guy Thomas goes down, but he does not help because he is very interested in his head nurse. Then she wants the help of a cult priest, but realizes that he has no answers. She tries a three with her supervised friend, but in the end it is the unexpected entry of a mysterious man in the cape and top hat, and finally helps to absorb her sexual ambition.
182 ::: Muschi Power (2006) ::: adult ::: Four stories of women attacking men for sexual pleasure. Stefan, a mechanic, is fixed by two girls in his garage. Herbert, a motorist, faces a blonde casting and dressed in leather on the staircase of a parking structure. Andreas, while jogging in the park is dragged by a large woman. Finally, Herbert avoids parking garages which are rather based on public transport. He misses her bus and accepts a young girl's walk in a yellow sports car. They stop in a sidewalk coffee to have a drink, and while he is distracted, she drops a tablet in her soda. Back in the car, Herbert begins to become sleepy. Oh not yet!
183 ::: Cathouse Fever (1984) ::: adult ::: The shy and reserved secretary based in Los Angeles Becky aspires to have a more eventful and more exciting sex life. A dissatisfied with the realization of her carnal fantasies, Becky decides to leave Los Angeles and goes to Las Vegas to work like a legal prostitute in a brothel where she hopes to find the sensual accomplishment which has so far escaped her in her life.
184 ::: Please 3: The Asian Manifest (1999) ::: adult ::: This adult focuses on a distance shows the women of Asian women: Jazzmine, Jade Marce, and Sammi Moon! The man had a relationship with him was a famous Nacho.
185 ::: 'Ginger' Does Em' All (1988) ::: adult ::: Set in the atmosphere of gamblers, thieves artists, dacoits and bookies, both a married couple (Tom Bayron and Nina Hartley) are in the racket, unknown to each other. They normally have much more that they know ... not only their secret businesses are the same; They are both the same lover, ginger (Alicia Monet). When every betrayal to others, the shocking end will surprise the audience like the 'Ace in the Hole' of the card shark!
186 ::: The Joy Club (1996) ::: adult ::: Life is thick, war is hell, but men are hard and they can handle it. A unruly bunch of people is simply hitting the front line. Sometimes these spunty spirits require a lift, so they take their holidays in the Joy Club. A club for sex, and lots. A wife of beautiful girls who offer sexual favor for their men in weapons.
187 ::: Cuisses ouvertes (1980) ::: adult ::: Joie-de-Vive! Happiness of life - and life. When the French invented the term, it could have been the newborn couple to talk about them. Discover what happens when these two newborn young men go to a versatile sex lifestyle in a versatile lifestyle, who prefer their sex ... shared with strangers. Watch this young couple find a new meaning in the term "breakfast in bed". They start their honeymoon with it, a delicious chef and make a special breakfast for John Hobby. He finishes every bite and begs for more. Before we know it, this scandalous couple in a circle of friends who introduce them to many forbidden pleasures find that John is confronted with how those interested in these cruel activities. Well, as soon as the newborn bride gets the taste of "coming", it allows her to know that they eat most of the time.
188 ::: Ginger's Hawaiian Scrapbook (1987) ::: adult ::: Dear memories, this morning pictures of my summer holidays in Hawaii will return. I and I spent the day to put them in the album of our photo, and we all remembered the amazing and amazing men we met there. Days located on the beach, tropical nights in the quiet motel rooms, motor scooter travel to sugarcane farms that we all got crazy, and that incredible party in the yacht that has become a non -stop or non -stop ... but then , I say everything about this and other things in my Hawaiian notebook.
189 ::: Bad Company (1978) ::: adult ::: Adolescents and beautiful women have had an explosive and hidden impact by focusing on corruption, sexual disorders. You see how he uses his wonderful body and young people, how they use sexual methods to seduce and save young people. A wonderful drama of passion and distortion is stabilizing in a modern "secret society".
190 ::: Dangerous Profession (1999) ::: adult ::: An intelligence agent plans to stop several double double agents, but secret sellers find out about the plan. They need to know who is in their scheme, so they take an orthopedic device for cheerful entry level operations and try to force them to disseminate the information they need.
191 ::: The Interns (2010) ::: adult ::: Fashion magazine's hard driving female publication was opened for internal. Candidates for status must prove to how they want the job. Every girl knows that it can be a big step in their career, and will be keen to get jobs.
192 ::: Deep Inside Nikki Dial (1993) ::: adult ::: Niki has chosen her many favorite XXX scenes and assembled after a strip. Plus, NiKster has given us a whole new fantasy scene, shot only for this special event! It's like spending the night with Nicky without leaving your living room.
193 ::: Nosy Neighbor (2003) ::: adult ::: A young woman investigates when she sees a strange car parked in front of her friends' house. She quickly found the two women linked and gagged in the basement. After an aborted rescue, the masked goon has three built -in girls attached to playing with. In the other story, a woman decides to divorce her husband who is linked to the crowd, thinking that she will obtain a beautiful divorce regulations. Unfortunately, her husband quickly shows why it is not a good thing to take place with a figure of organized crime because his wife and best friend are linked and gagged and head for an appointment with the fish.
194 ::: Flesh and Ecstasy (1985) ::: adult ::: Tony has been interrupted by a session with her lover so that her men abducted three rich daughters and one of their roommates. The roommate then first enticed the kidnapper, while one daughter and her Baxm sister the other one is tempted. When their wealthy uncle and aunt refused to pay, Tony allows the young women to go, but they decide to help avenge. The other daughter will thus entice the visitor's state lawyer, while the roommate will entice the uncle. Now enticing, the state lawyer is sent to the colonial elderly aunt to seduce. Both husband and wife occupied, the daughter can take their money.
195 ::: Bad Girls IV (1986) ::: adult ::: The legend continues. Bad Girls IV - from the production team that brought you bad girls I, II and III. "The Spielberg/Lucas of Adult Film" - March Penthhaus 1985. Filmed on the spot in 35 mm. With the participation of original music, with many gorgeous girls and beautiful men. Bad Girls IV is the boiling sex comedy of the year. The movie mixes red hot sex and heavy laughter in a tale of three passionate young ladies who leave Kansas to find glory and wealth. This is the story of a modern Casanova and his desire to set a world record for loving women and win a $ 150,000 award. Bad Girls IV has one of the biggest, star actors ever appearing in an adult movie and the boldest wedding ever shot. This feature is really a classic for adult movies!
196 ::: Family Heat (1985) ::: adult ::: Bust waitresses are the main part of this breakfast family where food is not the only thing served hot! Whether they are included in the diet or on the side, these hot little sweets work further to win their advice! The lustful staff of Buffy Davis, Carrie Fox and Helga Sven were turning the boilers intensively with the insatiable Rachel Ryan, setting the temperature at the beginning of all the cups! Filmed in an authentic tavern in Los Angeles, the daily specialties are juicy and are always custom -cooked. This is a family restaurant that responds to its motto: "The client is always connected first!"
197 ::: Juliet's Promise (1993) ::: adult ::: Juliet has promised her boyfriend that she will do what he wants if he attends a family reunion in her parents' house, not realizing that this will mean that she is bound in increasingly strict bondage positions and ultimately the removal of her gingham dress and dress lace bra. In a subsequent vignette, the shaped blonde Megan is bound and knew and left behind to struggle with most of her clothing removed.
198 ::: Virtual Blackjack with Gina Lynn (2006) ::: adult ::: Play blackjack against pornstar Gina Lynn. When you win, she will reward you through stripping. Make all your money away and you will receive interactive hardcore sex with Gina in a multi-winny video.
199 ::: The Farmer's Daughters (1976) ::: adult ::: After farmer's daughters, three fleeing farmers were able to flee the farm, three fledged convicts and have family members. Fred admires convicts, just to change them to a family victim.
200 ::: The Oral Generation (1970) ::: adult ::: The scientists and of the world's critical time of the women who leave their unexpected, these females not only men, but do something and Igbo, bath with sexual partners, join a trapped.
201 ::: Sex-cirkusse (1974) ::: adult ::: Circus is really going to turn off their doors, otherwise not interested in the city, located at the stage, twice the circus actions.
202 ::: Phoebe's Back in Bondage (2015) ::: adult ::: A fraudulent records a friend of Fabi, then forces a small limb to change a valuable disk drive before rejecting, connecting and kicking to the unfortunate binary. In other stories, a self -lover becomes more self -sufficient than asking his friend to show him the ropes, more than he shows him, a naked blond beauty in his bedroom and A woman wearing a little red dressed tightly to a bed.
203 ::: Daddy's Darling Daughters (1986) ::: adult ::: The father of being comforting in fact that his two-siblings are not like his two brothers - two of them are blood-colored birds, and the opposite sex M. It is not known that Cindy, who is a virgin, having his 18th birthday to the unknown man.
204 ::: Pulp Friction (2007) ::: adult ::: Have a crime chief, a couple of gangsters and a girl named Lucy? Well, the gangsters are going to collect some of the bad debt of these hot girls who owe them to them, but they have sex instead ... Oh good. And when one of the gangsters is getting close to watching the girlfriend of the crime, Lucy, there are even more problems.
205 ::: Hung Country for Young Men (2008) ::: adult ::: Hot and Dust Town in New Mexico, Hung Country for Young Mensico, Hung Country for Young Set somewhere from Mexico I -40, telling the story of a drift for a small town gay sheriff, he steals and passes through the town. Also, we meet the local roadhouse salon owner, he still has a romantic scene with his beer delivery person, and three bar patrons end in the men's room in the men's room 3. The last scene has more than one way! -Sheriff and drifter are surprising.
206 ::: Naked Captives (2003) ::: adult ::: Blonde is caught coming out of a shower, while Brunetta is chloroformed in her nighttie. Both women are tied while they are uncovered and then announced. Healthy victims cannot escape the cruel ropes they restrain and the intruder seems to be enjoying them fighting.
207 ::: Getting Off (1979) ::: adult ::: Julian and Alexandria, two P Te San Francisco sexualists, their latest Protagi, The Beautiful Marapas, are launching for the unique practice of departure. Marapas hears because Alexandria leads us by the sexual Odyssey of Unleashed Passion! Sexual humiliation, mixed with strong super hot sex scenes, the film is sexually electrifying.
208 ::: Rites of Passion (1987) ::: adult ::: In my part of these two exams, one woman looking for some satisfaction and sex. Part of your II speaks of the permission of the permission of the permission of the permission of the permission of the permission of the permission.
209 ::: The Freshmen (1997) ::: adult ::: "The Freshman" focuses on the gay activities surrounding first-year students at a California campus. And all this happens in the first days. Hanson is the one of the first year, but he does not seem to meet anyone until he shows that he promises a brother. Between them, the men near us, dormies in the bathroom, and jocks in the locker room all sex. Even his new roommate leaves alone one night before making that decision. It is a surprise revelation that also there to promise with him.
210 ::: Nice n' Tight (1985) ::: adult ::: A busy motel becomes a fantasy area for its occupants. In the beginning, Porn producer Paul gives a spontaneous casting bank to a chambermaid. The newlywed Vicky wants her husband to spend their honeymoon, just in bed. Shy Cowboy Beau hires his first escort Sally Thompson. Young run -away enthusiasts Reggie and Catherine unite in a store room. Friends Nick and Ritchie hire a whore. Nick wins her company through a coin throw, but she lets him invite Ritchie. Buxom Aunt Mrs. Robinson gets her younger cousin in his sleep, but it is later revealed that it was a hired act. Porn -fans Alex and Jeff invite pornstars Karen and Charmel to their room. After Karen and Charmel enjoy each other, Alex gets Charmel and Jeff Karen gets.
211 ::: Dirty Little Sins (2005) ::: adult ::: Jona is a gay person participating in a Bible college. When he catches the hypocritical homophobic school dean in an agreement, he runs away. Jonah's father, however, is a powerful senator who oversees federal money for college. Dean should find and return to Jalnah in school or financial results. Meanwhile, Jona has been taken under the wing of the Curry, an atheist Street Hussler, who believes in sex only for money. Can the virgin save the hooker, or vice versa?
212 ::: Ines Escort Deluxe (2016) ::: adult ::: Enter the escort girl's private life that is not shy. Enter the secret and closed world of high-class escorts. Three young women, the highest fun experts, invite you to join their really distorted games and confess you to their most intimate experiences. Is, 26 years old. Confirming the power of her temptation, she began to escort to satisfy her two passions: sex and luxury. With her designer wardrobe, L -Gezri and high -lapse expectations, she meets every unusual fantasy of her rich customers, 22 years old, freshly started by a friend, she does not hold the back and reveals everyone about her first experiences. Sexual Apprenticeship, Latex Fatis, and anus leads it to her first real carnal awakening Luna, 19 years old. This beautiful dark escort sites just hang on to be provocative. Not shy and shy at all, he does not hesitate to use his youth to entice men of all ages, such as during the evening he had sex with seven deformed sex.
213 ::: Code Red (2006) ::: adult ::: Cord Red is a private sex club in East Europe. In order to enter, you need an invitation. Smeshnoi distributes them and later collect them with cover charge in the door. (There is no dialogue in this video.) Three couples and a few single people appear to have sex in the club. Smeshnoi will finally participate.
214 ::: Private Schoolgirls (1983) ::: adult ::: Shauna Grant heads the cast, playing a bad girl for once. She is expelled from her school for kissing with Dan Stephens acute in the men's room and, therefore, is part of the strict academy of all the girls of Mrs. Marmelstein. His getaway continues in his new stay in private school for young women ...
215 ::: Nicole & Sussi: Young Girls and Big Toys (1997) ::: adult ::: Beautiful Teeny Nicole, have delicious outdoor sex (three times) in a public park and other places ... with big toys, extremely sexy clothes, round stockings, Sweet Sovers Sucking, a collection of documentaries Additional and a first class soundtrack, in the dream "Enigma" style!
216 ::: Stuck at Home (2002) ::: adult ::: The two of the parts of the parts - for the first time, a Buxom Baxe learns he will work on Saturday, therefore plan to go to the night. Unfortunately you want to look at his eyes are not good. In the second version of the story, two friends plan to go to shopping and eating food and other stories.
217 ::: It Takes Two! (2016) ::: adult ::: When the husband is boring with their marriage, his beautiful bandland woman trying to add zip to his relationship. He tries to the first slavery first, but when it does not help, it takes to your shape through business, then he isolated to a husband's intentions.
218 ::: Surfside Sex (1985) ::: adult ::: The summer heat sizzles under the sexy sun in this Malibu moment when a group of uninhibited orgasm groups is assembled in a beach house. The action changes from the high bedrooms to the beach -front to the ultimate private tanning suite!
219 ::: The Fiesta (2000) ::: adult ::: Emilia Brandt, the richest woman in the world, invites a selected group of guests to her luxurious jungle wealth. No one knows why they were invited. They quickly discover that they are invited to a sensitive dinner, with erotic deserts!
220 ::: Constant Craving (1992) ::: adult ::: Sierra has a constant craving for cigarettes, but her best friend has promised to keep her away from this bad habit. However, smoking is just a substitute for eating, and eating is just a substitute for what Sierra really wants: sex and many of it.
221 ::: Bite the Big Apple (1997) ::: adult ::: New York City is like a hot apple pie in July. Enter ice queen, dam, dish, tomato. She has been lying more than a napkin. A man can work like a summer job. This is the story of a slate, Sam slate, a private dick. The man who has the misfortune of being confused on his web. As the concrete forest is heated.
222 ::: Private Independent 2: Open Invitation - A Real Swingers Party in San Francisco (2010) ::: adult ::: An open invitation is the occupation of unity to the ultimate fantasy to pairing multiple - Sexy and exciting. The flowers are a pleasing couple that his sexual life has reached a series. Are their neighbors throughout the hall - the angels are available to "living" and their sexual life. They only make it through the door before they take up another clothes, wet, welfare, in vague, the two pairs of crosses
223 ::: Rear Gunners (2006) ::: adult ::: This amateur video includes Brock in two scenes. First he is a paired goal on the bed with Cole. Second, he is a paired with Dean on the living room sofa, while Kody & Hoss are paired in the same love seat room. But for the first eleven minutes, the camera has Brock & Dean exceptionally, as they slowly become scary, even when the other two talk in the background. Then they head to the soul. After this scene is over, we return to Kody & Hoss, but surprisingly again to those first eleven minutes, albeit from a second camera. They continue to perform an oral past, until suddenly all four are placed on this sofa for the climate scene. In the conclusion, Flamingo talks to his people, everyone sitting together naked.
224 ::: I'm No Brat (1990) ::: adult ::: Randy West and Nike Randal are a couple married with happiness that cannot be removed from each other. Until a beautiful maid comes to work for them. Soon, doubt is abundant that Randy has an affair. Randy and Niki will soon see their lawyer (John Al -Aid). What they don't know is that Jon Dough and Marilyn Rose play both sides to the middle.
225 ::: Sex and Money (2008) ::: adult ::: Sex and money. Both go together as peas and carrots. The dollar can be confused, but the interest in the cat is highly confident! Each Fukar brings average piece of pon to house. The top floor cat comes with premium rate tag. So how big is your steak? Is it big enough to take this beauty home? How's both of her friends?
226 ::: Teagan vs Jenna (2009) ::: adult ::: Gina Hydge and Tank Stay are directly competing in indirectly. The Tagan has two scenes while Genena have three. Gina gets genuinely gets gender while the muty only makes it at first. At the end it has not been said that one wins the biggest competition from it, but I think it was an unfair quarrel as Jena's scenes ...
227 ::: Blue Jeans (1982) ::: adult ::: Fashion designer Jean and his wife Buxom Debbie are a loving couple. Alas, Jean Ellie's secretary goes to his personal in the dressing room, and Debbie runs after seeing them. After colliding with Jean, Debbie gathers with her old familiar Tony. Meanwhile, a hippie woman for a hippie knocked on the couple's door, but decides to seduce her new rented Mexican chef Rick. Debbie Cindy's sister comes to visit and reminds Debbie how close they are. As an important MSSR client. Dubois arrives for dinner, Cindy drugs is food. Already alone, Cindy seduces the chef Rick in the kitchen. With all the others, too, Cindy goes to Dubua's individuals. The only one who avoided the food was Debbie who used the chaos to escape with Tony, who sneaked earlier.
228 ::: Gangbang Auditions 1 (1998) ::: adult ::: The three popular adult stars, Inari Vach, Caroline, and Oceans are interviewed before they have group sex with male hordes. This movie is actually an audition for these women. If the producer and the director enjoy the starlet, they will be provided to act on many adult films for the company.
229 ::: Crystal Balls 2 (2001) ::: adult ::: In this video, most of the characters visit two old combat tilers, who gives long-term forecast. Following this alloony, they have all gay cream andmers. The first guy has a date, which turns out to a fatigue to a fatigue, dick and in the back yard. Then all three walks turn on the woods backwards and face the guy with the boy. Visit the texton character's jumpsin, before it's sexually covered in the same back. Eventually, the Leckert character visits them, then participates in the woods, before it is found by the same guy.
230 ::: Hometown Honeys (1986) ::: adult ::: Goings-on daily in the suburban neighborhood of housewives, they are desperate, because everything is all-so light, to them and to them! From plumbers to newspaper boys, gardeners and their own neighbors and (shock!) Husbands, these ladies open their doors (front and back!), And their legs, open to all collars! This is the most definition of "afternoon happiness"!
231 ::: The Chatroom (2010) ::: adult ::: Jamie is a nursing intern, which is paying its student loan by performing as a CAM model called Justin. One night she is a witness to a possible murder, both her husband and the police rejected it as a cheating. But when she starts receiving threats, she starts doubting everyone.
232 ::: Cheerleaders for Sale (2000) ::: adult ::: A white slave gang attracts beautiful animators to their false modeling office so that they can kidnap and send beauties to foreign buyers. When one of their expected victims suspect, the thugs keep them at a gunpoint until an accomplice can tie and gag defenseless girls.
233 ::: Kasimir, der Erfinder (1986) ::: adult ::: Kasimirglück's sexual life is limited to once a month by a migraine (USCHI KARNAT). After a glossy sexual activity, he spends time in the workshop and designs a device (looks like a plastic light switch) to guarantee immediately awakening. In fact, it works completely on his wife, and the couple realizes that they have a commercial opportunity. Several copies are manufactured, and the glucks are proceeding in separate methods for selling door -to -two. Obviously, awakened customers need a sexual partner immediately, and our companies are willing to be happy. At the end of the day, Kashmir's sales tactics failed miserably, but his wife made a bundle.
234 ::: Tease Me! (2012) ::: adult ::: A real -style reality -style movie hurts me that has a playful and sarcastic interaction between the five horny couples. All in POV shooting, each scene shows another type of stained lovin - including forest fever, deep throat and hard love.
235 ::: Tied-Up Babysitters (2008) ::: adult ::: The young boy loves to deceive his beautiful richness, playing policemen and thieves, leaving adults impotent, binding and supplies. His mother and father are not Moroccan with this type of care, so they curse and become more tight institutions and then watch them to show their dissatisfaction.
236 ::: All American Girls II: In Heat (1983) ::: adult ::: Shauna Grant is the rich woman who collects her old university girlfriends for a free weekend on a tropical island so that they can relate their wildest sexual experiences. Tom Byron is rescued from an aqueous grave and judges his stories.
237 ::: Sensuous Delights (1984) ::: adult ::: A collection of historical loops. It should be noted the appearance of the legendary Tina Russell in two of the segments. "Tub on a whirlpool, Hot Rub" and "The Girl Next Door". In addition, a very young John Leslie takes a hitchhiker in "Wunderlust". The different parts are sewn together by images drawn on video. Part of the Fantasy Peeps video series. Watch Review in Adult Video News, July 1984.
238 ::: Asianatrix 2: The Valley Version (1999) ::: adult ::: In the dark angles of the Greater Los Angeles region lies an amazing set of dirty dreams - Thai exciting dancers, Vietnamese Party girls, Chinese university students, Filipino sex addicts. By miserable, obsessive males known as rice queens, this inpatible beauty is sexual prey and predators.
239 ::: Juice (1973) ::: adult ::: Collette is a French girl who looking for sex in wrong place. He goes through bad, the man thomom says about his eyes and no help as he thinks it with his nurse. Then he seeks the help of a priest's priest but found no answer, yet. She is trying to be a girlfriend of a woman's girl, and finally, it was unexpected and the hat and the height that helps you have sex.
240 ::: Donne d'onore (2009) ::: adult ::: It is a crucial moment for Sicily's criminal families. As the "godfather" of the opposition family for a summit arrives, a surprise telegram arrives from Los Angeles. The dazzling daughter (Maurizia Paradiso) of a superior sponsor is returning to vacation house. The godfather's daughter launches a series of betrayals and betrayals secret links that lead to a shocking climax.
241 ::: Private Independent 2: Open Invitation - A Real Swingers Party in San Francisco (2010) ::: adult ::: An open call is the most wonderful fantasy for many couples - it's sexy and interesting lifestyle. Blooms is a beloved couple and her sexual life dropped. In the hall there are their neighbors - angels participating in the "lifestyle", their sex life through the tent. They have a hot, wet meeting before they tear it out on each other's clothes. Of course, two pairs go.
242 ::: Don't Tell My Wife I Assfucked the Babysitter 6 (2011) ::: adult ::: Mr Stone arrives home after an unpleasant day at work and discovers the child who is naps in one of the bedrooms. After collecting his wages, the child holds asking Mr John whether he can use his bathroom to prepare for a party. When he emerges, he sees him in a completely new light. Mr. Wood returns home to collect a forgotten laptop and takes the child who tries to use his wife's Dildo. Mr Strong calls the kidnapped baby and announces that his wife will work again. Four kidnappers, but the title shows that each of these scenarios occurs.
243 ::: I'm No Brat (1990) ::: adult ::: Randy West and Nicky Randall are a happily -married couple who can't hold her hands from each other. Until a beautiful maid comes to work for them. Soon suspicions abounded that Randy has an affair. Randy and Nicky soon go to see their lawyer (John Dough). What they don't know is that John Dough and Marilyn Rose play from both sides to the middle.
244 ::: Inside Désirée Cousteau (1979) ::: adult ::: Young, beautiful and innocent people enter the labor market to find great difficulty in keeping the people who are disinterested in his charms. She begins as a journalist when she meets "Mr. Ryan", a hopeful hope. He gives her the "scoop" of his life which is found in a usual swimming pool sequence! Desiree then tries another job as door to door with excellent results when she discovers her first customer, a very succulent and hot redhead. She sells all her goods and finds herself in a household-a-three when the husband enters. Trying to move away from sexual meetings and finding a straight job, she finds herself aboard a luxury yacht to discover herself involved in two porn stars, John Homes and Serena. Seeing that no matter what it does ends with sexual meetings, she pursues a career in porn films and becomes an international feeling. And live happy forever !!!
245 ::: Spin for Sex (1994) ::: adult ::: This adult feature is distinguished by the fact that it is made as fraudulent play shows and follows this template to the extent that it follows some funny "advertising". There is not much space here, so you don't expect. The participants, and especially the hosts, are beautiful and perform with Gusto.
246 ::: Leather Intrusion Case 4: Down to the Wire (1997) ::: adult ::: In the last chapter of this 4-part series, Stoli escapes from the death trap defined by the spider and grabs his brother Jack from his power. Stoli discovered how the road drug rodhide is delivered and the spider has planted a bomb in her car. Stoli and Sky take their step, but a henchman steals her car without knowing that it has a bomb inside and drives it into the drug cavity. Stoli and Sky escape before the bomb explodes and destroys the warehouse and spider. Stoli realizes that his homophobia was a form of self -denial and let go of a romance with his partner.
247 ::: Please 3: The Asian Manifest (1999) ::: adult ::: This adult film is mainly focused on a long scene where three Asian women are: Jazmine, Jade Marsela and Sammi Moon! The person who had intercourse with them was famous Nacho Vidal.
248 ::: Plumb and Dumber (1995) ::: adult ::: Barney's wife Maggie kicks him out of her house because he contradicts her. Barney lives with his former roommate Anthony. During this time he is intimate with a well -equipped woman
249 ::: Super Ball (1974) ::: adult ::: Hollywood graduated in Hollywood, but the only opportunity to find that is a porn movie guide. He is taking it against his good judgment, but it causes his girlfriend to lose his girlfriend and caused him to go to fight.
250 ::: Tales from the Foxhole (1999) ::: adult ::: Two excited young Marines discuss in detail personal homosexual experiences before the night falls. As the thunder rolls and lightning blinks, Lyon dreams of his basic training. There, Marines masturbate in their flirts when suddenly the training instructor catches them and makes the offenders fall. The rest are forced to masturbate in the formation. As the dawn breaks and the rain stops, the two Foxhole friends find their mutual horny.
251 ::: The Best of Gail Palmer (1981) ::: adult ::: A new concept is coming to adult films that recorder producers have been using for years. The idea is to put the Greatest Hits album, giving the audience all the wheat and none of the chaff. That's what this movie makes! Told by Jesse St. James. What this movie offers is over 30 stars and the hottest, the most erotic scenes of Gail's best films.
252 ::: Head Nurse (1973) ::: adult ::: Staff at the New York City Hospital are engaged in all kinds of kinky and cookie behavior: Madcap Dr Milstain gets it with various nurses, undesirable doctor Rogers harassing a skull and violating test tubes, and having sex, and nurses are involved in lesbian couplings.
253 ::: La perverse châtelaine dans l'écurie du sexe (1985) ::: adult ::: Is being confused (Dominique St. Claire) by a girl who loves the horse and stable. He finally remembered this process to imagine when you love the number (Gabriel Ponsille), and when their friends, or when he loves their slaves. After that, he returns to the ground stabiled and thought that he wasn't reprehensible.
254 ::: Sex and Money (2008) ::: adult ::: Sex and money. The two go together as peas and carrots. The dollar can sag, but the interest in cunt is definitely in the elevator! Each bastard brings an average piece of poon home. High-class Pussy comes with a premium price tag. So how big is your pile? Is it big enough to take that beauty home? What about both of her friends?
255 ::: Fucktards (2012) ::: adult ::: Approach real sex, real risk and danger, and you will feel how your brain starts to fog. Get closer to the fire and your IQ is lower, lower, lower, until you take advantage of the ponder of your lust. And I reached out and inserted you into the fire: Insania nobilis fucktards, the chronicle of "Men's noble nonsense" by the owner of Media and founder of Media Media, is an ode to every person who has a predominant sexual desire and desire and sexual desire and sexual desire It acts on this desire, is fully transmitted to the experience, no matter where it takes him or how he gets there, said director Morris. "I like to call it" noble stupidity, "he added, expanding the topic of the video. "Approach real sex, real risk and danger, and you will feel your brain starting to mistrust. When you approach the fire, your intelligence factor sinks lower and lower until you are nothing but mysterious thinking of buck-in-rut from your crotch. "
256 ::: Die Abenteuer des Sexdiplomaten (1978) ::: adult ::: Four erotic stories: "Schwarze Brüste Heisse Lüste": A French German and Argentine diplomat each has sex with one of Gravin Anima's concubines on her wild holiday and then with the Dutch themselves. "Doppelt geschleckt Hält Besser": Petra and Marion are working as au couples in Switserland. While Marion is far from visiting her aunt, Petra has a sexual encounter with the couple they are staying with. "Mrs. Ficker": a party of lower hunting is presented with Mrs. Denning. A orgy follows in which Butler and Maid are allowed to join. "Biz Zum Letzten Tropfen": Julia visits her uncle Pennings where Gelinde's aunt is throwing a sex -filled party.
257 ::: Ransom! (2002) ::: adult ::: A sexy brunette is in the bondage with the friendly approval of an intruder who forces her to move to her panties before it connects and walks in numerous ways. The young sweets manage to free themselves from the ropes that are bound to the ankles, but she is grabbed before she can escape. Her only hope is that your loved ones will pay for the ransom before she hurt.
258 ::: Chic '69 (1971) ::: adult ::: Lenny, a gigolo, is called by his friend Sissy, who complains that her boyfriend is fooling her with a sex pot called Sherry. Lenny wants to seduce Sherry and save Sissy's relationship with her boyfriend, but Sherry turns out to be something more than he had negotiated.
259 ::: Once Upon a Secretary (1983) ::: adult ::: Nina is a porn star. Sharon is a secretary who wants more than just sex by the married boss Mr. Murphy. Meanwhile, Nina tired of sleeping before sex with her boyfriend Brad. He therefore asks their neighbor Elaine as a substitute. Nina gets up but just joins until you sleep again. Pressed for less tired work, Nina applies to a strip bar, but becomes too comfortable with customers. Meanwhile, Mr Murphy rewards Sharon after asking her to have fun two traders. Realizing that she is being paid for sex, Sharon accepts her coworker's offer to become a porn star. Steve introduces Sharon to Nina showing Sharon the ropes. They decide trading jobs. Brad also comes to Mr Murphy, to protect Nina from the boss who wants to hear the sex of the couple's own office. Sharon convinces Steve to get up with the camera with her.
260 ::: Cheek to Cheek (1993) ::: adult ::: White guys were hooked with black boys (Afro-Americans). At first a person calls Eric to fix his dishwasher. Travis comes back to the roommate. Then Eric arrives and all do sex. Second, there is a man on the bed in the underwear when Jones washed. Due to the early job of tomorrow, they will have sex. The third Chad is called gay sex ad (1-900-block-male). They have sex. Fourth, a person in Futton needs massage. Jones were there after work, so they would have sex.
261 ::: The Young and the Wrestling 2 (1989) ::: adult ::: Wildman Danny is revived his wrestling achievements on television with his loyal Lover, when he receives a challenge from an Arab sheikh who arrives accompanied by two harem girls as bodyguards. While women's champion Lynn Ferrari trains a pair of European wrestlers, Wildman also trains harem girls in comprehensive wrestling. The heat of action quickly leads to sex. The main match intervenes from the judge, none other than a Captain America masked.
262 ::: Love Free Style (1970) ::: adult ::: Some chickens that decide to become a prostitute to make some extra bread. After hook-up from a pimp named Sammy, which sets them with a room, trick turn tricks in both cookie and mary directions, sometimes straight and sometimes lesbians. Mary screws a good man who never gets down, but he decides that he would like to date him; Cookie obtained it with a middle -aged dike, which chats for about an hour before fingering Fudge.
263 ::: Rear Gunners (2006) ::: adult ::: This amateur Brock video is characterized by two scenes. First, his pairing is naked on the bed with Cole. Second, he is paired with a debt on the living room sofa while Kody & Hoss is paired in the same room on the love seat. But in the first eleven minutes, the Camera Brock and a debt are exclusively because it has become slowly Freske, even at the time when the other two speak in the background. Then they go to the bathroom. After completing this scene, we return to Kody & Hoss, but it is surprising for the first time in the first ten minutes again, despite the second camera. They continue to perform orally on this point, until all four are suddenly organized on that sofa for the climate scene. In conclusion, Flamingo speaks to all his men sitting together.
264 ::: Things Change II (1993) ::: adult ::: After Dennis left to find a new life (and her sexual life), Lisa alone is in an unknown world, and she wants the ideal man to fall into his love. Dennis, sad and harm, she wants desperate to restore Lisa, plans for something simple like a man who breaks the heart of her old friend ..
265 ::: Cruising It (2003) ::: adult ::: This video is lowered below the road when you get sex imaginary jerry. The firm does not have a destination, Jerry returns to Eric and Shoon's bed. The next day after Sean, Eric, Eric, Jerry and three other friends go to the path to Mexico with the Pacific Ocean. Every time Erik traveled with friends, he finds sexual events and falls from a road trip. Only inexperienced Jerry Player was left out of Eric ...
266 ::: Christy in the Wild (1993) ::: adult ::: Lily and Mitch go on a camp trip with his friend Joe, a friend who wants to be a big Boxm Lily. It is too many for Joe to hear the couple practicing Kama Stroll in the motel room. He asks the motel secretary about local activities, but she keeps in mind. The next morning, Lily supports the depressed Joe by coming out with him in bed until Mitch asks him to go out casually. After that, the group picks up a female hitchhiker in the campsite. Hitchhiker meets two female friends for a joint session. The next day, Mitch meets a hitchhiker in the forest and gets it without a word. On the other hand, a dangerous biker gang comes and continues in the sequel.
267 ::: Starlet Nights (1982) ::: adult ::: Beautiful, but bad stepmother Joyce wants to be a good woman in Hollywood, California. When she realized that her sweet virgin stepmother Snow White had captured her status, Joyce designed a plan to destroy the reputation of Snow into pure and innocent las.
268 ::: Thunderbuns (1976) ::: adult ::: Year: 1976 a wild and sensitive ramp with your favorite adult movie stars. Exciting Jennifer Wells, Linda Wong, and Annette Hun's gorgeous, plus rarely seen the young twins of Brook and Taylor-Parvan all the provocative measures you may find in a movie! Thunderbuns is really a temptation in a B-Cup. There is a new rotation that exists at almost every film.
269 ::: This Ain't Happy Days XXX: Fonzie Luvs Pinky (2009) ::: adult ::: When he reminds his younger sister, a true love, Pinky Tuskadero with leather, Fonzi gets upset. When he leaves his leather jacket lying around, Polaski twins make Potsey's mistake for fonz. Lori Bath asked Richie to help in her study, while Marian leopard entered the lodge. There is only one boys welcoming for Grand Poba in Howard Germany.
270 ::: Hollywood's Nailin' Palin (2010) ::: adult ::: When Sarah Peylin is invited to an audition in a movie about her life, she faces a competition with Tina Faye. CSI: After visiting Wasilla's set, we will catch up with her as a judge of David Hasselhoff in the "next governor of the United States". Next, she interviews CHRISS ANGEL and Levi Johnston of Master of Ilusion at her show "Simply Sarah". Sara finally appears in a movie for Axel Brown's Hustler.
271 ::: Lesbian Legal 8 (2010) ::: adult ::: See another exciting episode featuring AVY Scott, India Summer, NYOMI BANXXX, Jessica Bangkok, and DIA ZERVA. Things get hot among broken couples, Nyomi and Deer. If you meet at the face of your head, you will reach a climax, which will boil in a passion!
272 ::: Love Free Style (1970) ::: adult ::: The couple feeds the chicken decide to be a prostitute to make another bread. When one pimp's name is home, the one making them home, cookies and Marie turned on both sides, sometimes long and sometimes boys. Marie Skrons that seemed to be going out and decides to search for it; Cookies and get it in the Middle Wyke to force it about an hour before the fingers.
273 ::: Leather Intrusion Case 4: Down to the Wire (1997) ::: adult ::: In the last chapter of this 4-part serial, Stoli Spider escapes the death-trap set and his brother takes Jack out of his power. Stoli finds how street drug Shadha Rahide is shipped and Spider has planted a bomb in their car. Stoli and the sky make their move, but a chicken steals their car, not knowing that there is a bomb in it, driving it into the drug den. Stoli and ski escapes before the bomb explodes, destroying the warehouse and spider. Stoli knows that his homofobia is a form of his self-cure, and leaving it, and begins romance with his partner.
274 ::: Out of Athens Part 1 (2000) ::: adult ::: With the beautiful face and great body blessed by the gods, Johnny Brosnon went out to conquer new worlds in his personal Odyssey. A little luck, cheating and adequate courageous brave, journey to Young Adonis Greece, fake hot, sexual bonds and alliances and he pays back a gang bang for his fake, like God, with the Pantheon of Sunshmi Titans.
275 ::: Taken Down Under (2000) ::: adult ::: Spike arrives in Sydney, Australia, just to lose his luggage. Not too long afterwards he finds himself on a trip over the Australian outback, meets various boys (and to a group of boys) and finds all kinds of fun things that have to do with them.
276 ::: Kasimir, der Erfinder (1986) ::: adult ::: Kasimir Glow Kenny Sex Life is limited to a month by his migraine wife (Uchi Karnat). Especially after the Displaster Sex Act, he spends some time in his workshop to design the device (looks like a light switch mounted on a piece of plastic) that guarantees instant stimulation. In fact he works perfectly on his wife, and the couple realizes that there is a commercial opportunity. Many copies are made and the glass goes to their different ways of selling it at home. Naturally, excited consumers have an instant need for sexual partner, and are happy to accept our entrepreneurs. At the end of the day, Kasimir's sale tricks have failed badly, but his wife made a bundle.
277 ::: All You Can Eat 3 (2006) ::: adult ::: The words "Gangbang Reverse" appear on the cover of the box as a subtitle or label. This suggests that alignment here involve one man and multiple women. What is presented here are two scenes each featuring two men and seven women. Before each scene is monochrome (using various color filters) a visual introduction (no dialogue) with the solo tease of each of the seven ladies involved. This segment before the first scene lasts twenty-two minutes. The color camera is located and the seven play for another eleven minutes before the men arrive (David Perry and Tony Ribas). Multiple matching, three, foursomes, etc. And a couple of girls take both guys at once. The second scene, which includes Manuel Ferrara and Steve Holmes, plays similarly with a significantly shorter monochrome introduction of female participants.
278 ::: Lesbian Babysitters 11 (2014) ::: adult ::: In the eleventh of this acclaimed series, it is an attractive reality show couple consisting of the former model Sandy, and the fitness competitor loses everything when the show is canceled. Raven, a nanny, is taking care of a baby, hoping that producers will increase their reputation, indicating that the producers have been forced by the couple. Sandy leans on a beautiful Raven, and when Ariel is dangerously approaching the influential fitness client, she confesses her hope and fear. Raven strives to keep this fragile family together and fight her growth passion for Sandy.
279 ::: Pledge Sister (1973) ::: adult ::: The new student Melanie, who is a TI disease, is approved as a new member of Capaderta, a female student club, by her untreated Swinger sister, Sheryl. However, Melanie must withstand a special secret body start ceremony before the first to participate in a female student club.
280 ::: My Boyfriend's Back! (2003) ::: adult ::: After having learned that her boyfriend is on the run of the law, the curved brunette decides to have nothing to do with him - but his `` ex '' will not take for an answer, even if he owes chloroform, link And gag the woman to keep her. In the second floor, a blonde is completely intimidated when a burglar breaks in his house and steals the contents of the sage - but worse is still to come. Linked to a chair and the ball, she could only wait in silence as a human bait for her boyfriend who has serious problems with the crowd.
281 ::: What Gets Me Hot! (1984) ::: adult ::: By catching your mother's hunting flower then, the brain radar black miles to submit him to him at the same time and his friends. In the same time in the first time the tablespoon visitors for her first time. The sign of marking is not, the lady's radiator and the public is the public sex from her drug boyfriend in the park. In the pool area, the wife welcomes a good neighbor to the new neighborhood. In other way, neighborhoods be happy by the kissom mom. Dubai is with Kevin. Lenny water likes yourself while making outdoor sex with jeff. Debie gets raped by Mark Radar and Date of Debrity
282 ::: Something Old, Something New (2004) ::: adult ::: Beautiful brides and as lovely brides are captured in the wedding practice. All three girls are cruel and kicked and the bride is transferred to unknown parts. In the second story, a lovely bride who has to get caught up in the groom's ex -girlfriend who tries to persuade the scary girl who really doesn't want to go with a wedding.
283 ::: Brazilian Holiday 2 (2005) ::: adult ::: It begins with some of the hottest unjustified studs in Brazil, which provide a continuous cruise, sex with down and dirty person to a person. They continue their steam and a sweaty rest by the ocean, while the Hunk Marcello Cabrall stars in two scenes with spectacular performances for your pleasure. As he moves on to the holiday, Pablo Payxao cannot resist and raise a magnificent bucket of Ricardo, which stands on tourism on the street. Joel Permbberg also on vacation, looks from his balcony and feels the heat when he sees his friend Savior Marcello Cabral, and to his surprise he stopped to greet and relax. Meanwhile, somewhere else nearby, the Chocolate Sensation Sergio Durodo cannot have enough from Matthew's ass - back to the beach to save some life, Marcello Cabral managed to save the hungry bottom Gabriel Dupprat, who was just waiting for him to join.
284 ::: Kasimir, der Erfinder (1986) ::: adult ::: Casimir Glucle's sexual life is one-month-monthly, his migrained stand wife (Uschi Karnat). After the action of sex, it takes some time to design the device (similar to the plastic installed light switch), guarantees instant pathogens. Indeed, he works very well for his wife, and a couple realizes that there is a commercial opportunity. Several copies are produced, and Glücks go to private ways to sell it in the door. Thoughtful customers are happy to oblige sexual partners with urgent needs, and our entrepreneurs. At the end of the day, Casimir's sales tactics failed, but his wife had built.
285 ::: Indieboyz Pumped (2009) ::: adult ::: Do charity do you go? With Indieboyz, it is definitely a hell of special treat because they celebrate a hot and excited evening! The only thing that rises on this Halloween night is great hard bons! We guarantee you that it would not bother you that these boys show up at your door, looking for something other than candies to put in their mouths!
286 ::: Taken Down Under (2000) ::: adult ::: Spike arrives in Sydney, Australia, just to lose his luggage. Not too long afterwards he finds himself on a trip over the Australian outback, meets various boys (and to a group of boys) and finds all kinds of fun things that have to do with them.
287 ::: "College Rules" (2010) ::: adult ::: Six zoo is applied to each of the main composition they are charged with only the boys of Frat as they can retain their face within 24 hours. Any witness to meet each time for 24 hours to make the truth honest (they-them) of these reasons. It's a day 'work' and these girls loved sticky.
288 ::: Plaything (1995) ::: adult ::: Nikki is the image of trust. She is a wildly successful sex therapist who advises itself with the help of the fantasy role -playing game. Like the role she plays herself.
289 ::: Bad Girls IV (1986) ::: adult ::: The legend continues. Bad Girls IV - from the production of production that brings you bad girls II and III. "Spinberg / Adult Movie" - - March Pint House 1985. Replaced in 35 National Matthew. To present the original music, with most of the most virgin girls and beautiful men. Bad Girls IV is weaker of the year's spoil sex. The film mix red hot sexual sex and heavy laughter in a story of three passionate young women who leaves cananan to find the kanas to find fame and luck. This is the story of a modern day of a modern day and his search is to create an international record and the winner of $ 150,000. Bad Girls iv for large, starmed groups appear in adult movies and wild marriage. This feature is really the classic movie classic!
290 ::: Summer of Laura (1976) ::: adult ::: With a lonely beach on the Long Island Coast's summer colony, a man walks slowly, brings the summer to life, Laura's summer, when he was 19 years old. The island of Richino is a friend on the gene, which is Gregius and naughty. Like a more sensitive Richie, he was also 19 years old. During that summer awareness he loses his youth's wishes and develops his manhood. On the way to the movies, Richie literally enters Laura, who is the older woman living nearby. She asks her if she will help her the other day with some work. It is completely fluttered, but agreed. Richie goes to his house and knocked on the door, and no reply was found, entered. He found a crushed telegram on the floor who writes, "Your husband, Bob Hays, has been killed in action." Laura appears, alone and sensitive. It moves towards it with the gestures of human contact. They start dancing slowly. "That summer we lost five frisbies, saved a girl from a stupid snake, saw the first flick of our skin, and I lost my laura." The sea rises and the past is over.
291 ::: Pilot Error (2001) ::: adult ::: Two children's hosts find themselves in a clear danger when a smuggling ring learns that they have found evidence of their criminal activities on the team captain's computer. In the second story, a greedy flight host, binding, complement and stuffed in a steam stem is kidnapped.
292 ::: The Milkmaid (1975) ::: adult ::: Satisfying the nation of breastfeeding two jugs at the same time! This is an sandy exploitation film of the 70s safely. A lonely woman tells this story about the most memorable day in her life. It starts like a neighbor, Debra, whose husband is out, comes to visit the housewife bored. Tentalizer debra seduces the housewife in an erotic scene of lust and passion. Shortly after, Sandy and her boyfriend Rick have a terrible dilemma. It seems that he cannot get excited and admits that he longs for a small breastfeeding action, which feeds the passions of the milk maid.
293 ::: Tips n' Ass (2002) ::: adult ::: Three Buxom Peynresss for a popular restaurant network, they are difficult when they open a restaurant in the morning. And when three-shaped ladies are released from cruel rope and gags, he will continue with his criminal enterprise. The other two women are captured by a man in Lam. The ladies did not call the police until they left home.
294 ::: Leather Intrusion Case 4: Down to the Wire (1997) ::: adult ::: In the last chapter of this series of 4 parts, he captures the death trap of the spider and pulled out his brother Jack out of his power. Stanter finds out how the street drug is delivered, and the spider has a bomb planted in their car. He stood and Sky make his move, but the young man steals his car without knowing there is a bomb inside, and puts it into Drug Den. He stood and Sky escape before the bomb explodes, destroying the warehouse and the spider. He is aware that his homophobia was a form of self -denial and releases it, begins romance with his partner.
295 ::: Juice (1973) ::: adult ::: Collette is a passionate French girl who is looking for sex in all bad places. She goes to a shrink, Guy Thomas to talk about his obsession, but he is not helping because he is too concerned about his own nurse. Then she seeks the help of a cult priest but realizes that he also has no answers. She tries a trio with her overexploit girlfriend, but in the end, it is the unexpected entry of a mysterious man in a CAP and a high -end hat that finally helps Collette to make his sexual ambition.
296 ::: Transsexual Babysitters 11 (2010) ::: adult ::: Like peanut butter and jelly, we have added two yummiest behavior, transcexual and babyitors! When you call these babyitors, you are better prepared for a serious night of sucking hardcore cock and can fuck the way you can only do tight and warm transcexual delivery. They will do the work that you have only imagined and after you are done with your donkey, you will be what a midwife needs!
297 ::: On Top (1986) ::: adult ::: While Porno was in the film shoot, Rick proves that he is a man, dominating his drill partner in a romantic wrestling match. But Rick is in control of his life of camera? With his sister's death, Rick's ornamental Bawaridi Jim, Rick's family farm, has been inherited and has pleasure to share his plans to sell to developers. With the dangerous farm, the formhands take advantage of Rick's distraction with each other and take advantage of Rick's nephew and the best buddy. It is up to Rick to prove whether he can always live in accordance with his personal slogan.
298 ::: Six-Feet Tall and All Tied Up (2016) ::: adult ::: The new and surprisingly tall blonde is on the edge of the supermodel, and the rival model invites her boyfriend. He was not just satisfied with hugging a blonde prisoner, and his boyfriend spit his innocent casualties and gradually tied her to a closer binding situation.
299 ::: Private Schoolgirls (1983) ::: adult ::: Shauna Grant leads the cast, playing a bad girl for once. She has been expelled from her school to do with Dan Stephens of a sharp character in the men's room and therefore enrolled in Mrs. Marmelstein all the Girl Academy.
300 ::: Double Czech (2000) ::: adult ::: A sensual journey of lust and love, "Double Czech" sees real-life twin brothers Karel and Jirka Bartok on a discovery wall, which ultimately leads them to the person with whom they really desire to share intimacy with ... each other. For the first time, these real twins will share everything on the screen.
301 ::: Summer School (1979) ::: adult ::: When the Jumay Boyfriend is trying to make the gender, he decides to leave him to leave the summer school, where he sees unconscious superior. After the chest says the teacher's nature makes the teacher with good classes how merims should ask for gender to resolve. Punishment in the shivers after the sand. At the same time, Paula praised the teacher while the area trip. To provide her to start, the jack insults Jack. Finally, its initiative is sexual harassment of sexual harassment professor Donio Socyz. He decides to fill with him as a dominant party. He announced Polah teacher on the on the Pubillah teacher on Polla's replacement on Polla's replacement - in every way - as as powers. Jimmy, the head of the High Roadcast, was good to the boy's friend, his boyfriend has raped his boyfriend before the withdrawal of a private girl. Givi wants to join the intensity of his friends, but not sure of the initiative includes greenwashdidances, students students students students are students. Gees Learn that gender is a very popular sport and has a drawing experience with girlfriend in the shower. Now it is ready for her initiative, he found that the school teachers, professor donates are included. Givi accepts challenges and practice with school star soccer player. The geoe is a real project and master in the bedroom. Jamie is her sweet sister, and receiving. When the Principal returns new cream restrictions, the clashes to your office and steps on the steps, now what is this new rules now? "
302 ::: Class Reunion (2004) ::: adult ::: Some former College Legal Students decide to reunate the class to renew old friendships. Unfortunately, one of his old classmates is now a leading politician, who is believed to be in the possession of one of the people in attendance needs to find a vague photograph. Girls are caught one by one, G AG and drawn so that the man can find embarrassing evidence. In the second story, a pair of bikini-scarfed children is caught on the beach, tied and GG AG and marched to a van from the woods that are located to wrap them at an unknown destination.
303 ::: Crime Does Pay (2004) ::: adult ::: Two stories of police women in Bondage accident. The first two inexperienced police decide to investigate a case without backing up or informing their supervisors. The couple grabbed the couple and giggled, and left in the dunk basement, they realized their passage of their ways. In the second story, a young female police officer finds herself in the house where she is looking for a missing cheerleader. Unfortunately, she has found this invention and soon the women are drowning with cheers, thick cloth pieces and are struggling to escape after spilling their hostage as a prisoner.
304 ::: Laying Down the Law (2003) ::: adult ::: A beautiful police officer is appointed as a bodyguard of a sexy blonde, but when both women are abducted, limited, kicked and helpless, unfortunately fails to do so. In the second story, a lovely young police officer follows a stolen car. It is determined to make this arrest individually, discovering that he soon discovers that he has no comparison for burnout.
305 ::: Holly and Ryan: Whistleblowers in Bondage (2016) ::: adult ::: After renting a remote house to write an explosive article about a fraudulent financier, the two whistleblowers are surprised when the subject of their research shows that plans to use the same cabin for his hiding place. The two women are quickly converted into bound and pinched Captive Playthings.
306 ::: Bondage: Code Red (2012) ::: adult ::: A superheroine is captured, linked and gagged by its sworn enemy, driven into a multidimensional time portal and forced to fight its enemy in a variety of parallel universes. Whether costumed as a detective to fight crime, a barbaric princess or a sexy vamp, the results are always the same - the adventurer is invariably roped and muzzled by his heartless enemy. In other stories, a community college coach seizes and Hogties a few cheerlers, links a vibrator between their legs and captures action for his servitude website. In the last vignette, a busty secretary is the victim of an office flight after the hours when she left naked breasts and Hogtied on her desk.
307 ::: The French Butler (1983) ::: adult ::: A French home is a hotbed of various sexual activities. The very beautiful mother, the young girl Nubile and the sexy woman occupy their time with the old father and the young hunky. And between sexual attacks with men, they spend their time sex with each other.
308 ::: Class Reunion (2004) ::: adult ::: Many former college students decide to reunion a class to renew old friendship. Unfortunately, one of his old classmates is now a prominent politician, who needs to find a misleading picture thought out to be in the possession of one of the attendees. One by one girls are caught, held up and planted so that the man can discover shameful evidence. In the second story, a pair of bikini-clad babes is placed on a beach, tied and strangled and marching in a van through the forest that deployed to remove them to an unknown destination Is.
309 ::: The Farmer's Daughters (1976) ::: adult ::: After the band of the farmer's daughters raped Farm's hand, three fled sentences arrive and make their way with family members. Fred surprises the convicts just to replace them in the victimization of the family.
310 ::: ScrewberX (2016) ::: adult ::: The director-actress-producer Dana Dana Vespoli's inventive brain a comic strange and strange journey in which she saves the best bit for herself, which is a strange outpost with dark anal sex, double penetration and warm facial co-shower.
311 ::: I'm No Brat (1990) ::: adult ::: Randy West and Nicky Randall are a happily -married couple who can't hold her hands from each other. Until a beautiful maid comes to work for them. Soon suspicions abounded that Randy has an affair. Randy and Nicky soon go to see their lawyer (John Dough). What they don't know is that John Dough and Marilyn Rose play from both sides to the middle.
312 ::: Surfside Sex (1985) ::: adult ::: Summer warmth heat in this moment of Malibu under the sexy sun when a group of non -inhibited orgasm groups converges in a beach house. The action goes from the high rooms to the jacuzzi beach following ultimate private tan!
313 ::: Temptations (1976) ::: adult ::: The beautiful former show girl is married to a wealthy young man. But he enjoys seeing other beautiful women who have sex, which is a service provided by his butler. When his wife finds what he is doing, she plans to use a butler to return to her husband.
314 ::: The Young and the Wrestling 2 (1989) ::: adult ::: Animals Danny arrested his struggle for achievements on television, with the Arabic shake, he was a guard with two garem girls. Woman champion Linn Ferrari memorizes European wrestlers, as well as hard girls walk in the whole struggle. The action brush will be sexually active. The main match is obstructed by the referee, which hinders anyone other than America.
315 ::: Hardcore Threesomes (2017) ::: adult ::: Prepare the hottest three -part fuckfest you have ever seen. Hard X is proud to be able to present a "hardcore three -some" featuring wild and intense sexual scenarios. In this case, the three are definitely not crowds. Starring Romi Rain, Vicky Chase, Elsa Jean, Gina Valentina, etc. Director Mick Blue. Don't miss this hot release.
316 ::: Eyes of a Dreamer (1983) ::: adult ::: Sexuality, reality and sensual dreams mix and float through the existence of Laura with such a frequency and intensity that she develops an irresistible urge to fall into deep, erotic daydreams at any time and every place. Alarmed her husband calls in a doctor. The M.D. Looks like one of her dream lovers and during the research she falls into her sultry fantasy world with another dreamy state that manifests herself. She ends up on an erotic film that is doing an internship with Laura Center. While the cameras are starting to roll, she presents her husband, the doctor and her colleagues, who all involve her in decadent sexual activities. Where does reality and the imagination start? The viewer concludes, but along the way there is a visual feast of sizzling fantasies to see.
317 ::: Grand Opening (1985) ::: adult ::: Two successful commercial men (Kevin James and Tom Hajms) is the chairman of their new business company with melting press with a melting stress with a melting stress with a blind pressure with vanton withdrawal To be to do! While Kevin gets an oral trigger from external frechi Bardebarn Brengton, Tom bush is flying the skin in the lady, wild. When Kevin joined with a grabbit of grabbing in the pool, a stamper will be a dirty. At the same time, the calculator pants come north of north to find the same equivalently developed cristra in the shower. He soon lies with Crystra with Krystra with Krystra with Crystra to the Crystra as soon as a crystra to the atmossope. Immediately after, models Raheel Ryan and EricaBekey come to talk about a large open opening where they are having fun to the new shopping customers. Come on celebrations, girls are engaged in spirit Slipic soye that brings home!
318 ::: Big Favors (1985) ::: adult ::: An empty house, which is for sale, the opening scene of one of the worst sex scenes in history, mainly because of Vince Thomas, which was all night, before filming the film, the drug was performed at a pool party. Ayyashi seemed to be completely related to the reality around him, and his attempt to harmonize with the shadow of Joyce Blonde was a big mistake, this is a terrible film.
319 ::: Surfside Sex (1985) ::: adult ::: Summer heat sizzles at this moment Malibu under the sexy sun when a group of unforgettable orgasm converges into a beach house. The action passes from the high bedrooms to Jacuzzi in front of the beach in the last private suite for private tanning!
320 ::: Bareback Mountain (2006/I) ::: adult ::: As the video opens to the footage of the five young men around the billiard table, two refer to each other. Soon they (Hunter & Jason) leave to go to their hotel sex room. As the video goes back to billiards, Turk & Winter is launching a new game with new rules ... Strip Pool. As Tyler looks and then masturbates from the door, they quickly find gay sex. In the second set of scenes, Tyler and Hunter compare the size of the penis in a hotel room before they include it. This time, Jason masturbates from the neck while watching them. Finally, in another hotel room, Turk & Winter watch television, discuss the previous meeting and their sexuality before repressing this ratio. *** Spoiler *** The video closes on an encouraging note as the two cowboys are kept overlooking Nevado's landscape.
321 ::: The Interns (2010) ::: adult ::: The fast -moving female publisher of a fashion magazine has an opening for an intern. The candidates for the position must prove her how much they want the job. Each of the girls know that this can be a big step in their career, and they are willing to do everything to get the job.
322 ::: Video Tramp (1984) ::: adult ::: Buxom Video Store Clerk Ilene helps a customer to record a porn band. In fact, the tape helps to get his girlfriend in the mood. The customer and his girlfriend then see Ilene on the street and pick them up. Ilene later helps the customer's girlfriend choose a lesbian band. The girlfriend enjoys herself while looking at the band, but later her lesbian girlfriend joins her. Ilene hires the customer's friend. But your first tutoring is to close the door and show it backwards. When the friend's girlfriend returns, she will also be presented on the back. The customer finds them, but simply becomes with.
323 ::: Please 3: The Asian Manifest (1999) ::: adult ::: This adult film is mainly focused on a long scene with three Asian women: Jazamin, Jade Marcela and Sami Moon! The person who has sex with them is the famous Nacho Vidal.
324 ::: The Erotic Adventures of Bonnie & Clyde (1988) ::: adult ::: A 30s gangsters collection, including Bonnie and Clyde, John Dillinger and Pretty Boy Floyd, a hole in the farmer's cabin in Iowa to escape the law. However, the farmer and his wife are not quite what one would expect from a pair of rural farmers of Iowa.
325 ::: Brown Sugar Fuck Dolls (2016) ::: adult ::: Director Johnny Darkco represents the other side of international action! In the 'Brown Sugar Fuk LS Onglio', torture the wonderful beautiful and glamorous ebow wall and k camera mera, then enjoy the courtyard of the huge, white cock of Marcus Duprina. The Neon Fishonet is equipped with an enemy that rides on its large, natural tight, adorable young Ivy Caucasian studs and worships Marcus' meat until it does not do its elegant face. Brown sugar goddess Yasmin de Leone spreads oil on her huge butt cheek until they shine; She gets a ruthless donkey rimming and takes her beating meat down her throat. The ginger of the air does a pink fishnet bodysute models that display its huge, round maids, and a phat robbery. After a ferocious session of Sodomi, Havana gets a warm mouth of the jeez. The caramel-colored temptation gives Trump Marcus the job of OP to OP Marks until he covers his own slobe; He takes a tight heartbeat that keeps his smoke in joy.
326 ::: Candy Lips (1976) ::: adult ::: The eyes of lips are a story about looking for a girl looking for sex, without feelings of guilt or fear. In the early years, Susan remember the living of a house that he endured in until he enables his week to go to college. His homed rooms are trying to understand his will, it is only to be bothered again from "good conduct" of its recent university. It was a later time, that Susan met Glora; The painter and the graphic and living and living introduces to sexual sex. That movie ends, and be determined to understand, and be determined to make his life satisfying and happy. MMM ...
327 ::: My First Time with a Mommy (2014) ::: adult ::: For the first time with my mom, this is the first series of hot weather to meet lesbian, a teenager who has always been fancy with other women. See these gorgeous mature mothers and people with a good -laws for the first time.
328 ::: Big Beaver Splits the Scene (1971) ::: adult ::: Millie and Suzy are close friends who live together in the same residential complex. When the beautiful women do not participate in the contacts of lesbians next to the swimming pool, they have sex with each other's husbands or participate in the wild collective vehicles.
329 ::: Heroes (1984) ::: adult ::: Classwa Class: Write 500-text categories and your hero. (1) Danny is connected to the Danny makes Racovan's idols, and involved in public performance (later meditation). (2) In school library, Tony Wine wrote about his older brother, who joined in or at the Losing it, he thinks it joined the Navy shows his brother how much it grew. Their class steals Dubainines (Makemoro Tony) see that the child sees herself and to know a Tony's view again. It is planted under the table to add surprising and providing the Tony. (3) Star Pitcher Pute Coolis sells well with the buddy Jim Bentley got to meet the Baseball Rookier Kooker. He says that they had grown the athlete after the shower, subject to Jim, find different things to young boys. (4) Mr. Taylor faces the Matt Sullivan without turning on a sheet of paper, just discovering that Matt Matt is hot for the teacher. Cole encourages full expression. Like Matt and Colo discover their new, Rydar Hanson is on their way, like see Thompson after. They were together, and later found the event that their vision had other students - at school, Cliff Reffed.
330 ::: The French Butler (1983) ::: adult ::: A French family is a hotbed of different sexual activities. The wonderful mother, the young girl Nubile and the sex maid conquer their time by falling in love with the old dad with horns and the annoying young butler. And in the midst of sexual periods with men, they spend their time having sex with each other.
331 ::: How to Get Ahead... (1988) ::: adult ::: Welcome to the university campus the hottest in higher education, as it does not make the class important or almost or almost- such as "making" the teacher. Here you will find that the most popular sports are "full contact", because this student's sexual student who is not always full will find a new way to enjoy a night after a night of sensory. A crew among the races welcomes you from the most important adult video stars in a short semester of physical weeds, and guaranteed courses to keep you awake all night ... but if you are not studying, we will not blame you because this is one school where work is hot and heavy throughout the night.
332 ::: Aaron's Russian Boy Orgy (2001) ::: adult ::: This starts for equal to sex, performance, and recognition, and seven Russian guys. Then the guide promotes his hog for the video. As a bonus footage, a large people in the first McDonald in the first McDonald in the first micdonald and in the first McDonald. They eat lunch
333 ::: Ladies Night (1980) ::: adult ::: A sexy housewife does not get the physical loyalty she needs and his desires from her neglected football husband. Betty decided to correct the situation by going out with her loud colleagues Gal Irene and Angi to a swinging nightclub where the pleasure and crawling are two things today.
334 ::: Breakin' 'Em in 1 (2002) ::: adult ::: The tender growth is tested for their strong values ​​by the principle of the Vince Vourner of sexual interests. This is everything in Ultra-Ult. Every girl found himself in sex. We talked together in mouth, cum and hollows extend to prisoners or few. The largest VOURER Teacher receives a heavy air and fuckee. Check the Natasha and a unusual girl. Here you will only find it ever, you will hold it in the video that makes the video available in black and working both jobs at the same time. Gabriella takes in Black three, receives his assole, pussy with the mouth plug at the same time. Other activities make petite-year-olds rub longer the head in Asia Dick treats itself long time. The passengers passing the test where will continue to be seen in other red lights in the production of VUREY.
335 ::: The Black Hoodie Strikes Again (2016) ::: adult ::: When the security specialist tries to receive the criminals who arrested the goods, a black Hudie warned that the evil would quit its investigation. A beautiful blonde refuses to give up, resulting in self-suicide, a beautiful security specialist and a helper's helper.
336 ::: Memphis Cathouse Blues (1982) ::: adult ::: Mavis is Madam, a prostitute of Memphis. Her exclusive client is a sheriff T.J. Tomson, but he helps her against Riverand Platch, a butler Davis and his brother's pile outside, to the butler Davis and his brother's pile. You can not. Sadly, the demonstrators are immediately tempted to be with Angel, Cherry and Rose. On the other hand, a woman called Tammy Sueks has knocked on the door and someone tried to raped her. Mavis calms her and eventually provides her work. She teaches with the sheriff. Rose recalls a college student called Tommy Lee, where his brother Johnny Lee was with Dixie. According to tradition, Billy Ray, a victory soccer team captain, is the only client of Tammy Sue. The sheriff offers a prostitute to propose to Mavis. Reverand Pritchit personally arrives to stop the ceremony, but when Tammy Sue reveals that he is a man trying to rap, his true face is exposed.
337 ::: Living Doll (1987) ::: adult ::: Len (Randy Paul) is the young owner of a toy store. He looks a little naive and sexually disappointed. Len is attracted to his sexy assistant at the Bobby store (Amber Lin), but she thinks he is a little sad act - especially when he talks to the dolls in his store, as if they are real. What neither knows is that every night at midnight toys and dolls come to life - and almost everyone is sex crazy. The exception is Barbie Doll (Taija Rae) and her boyfriend Ken Ken (Steve Drake). Barbie is a good girl and does not approve of sex crazy fictions of other dolls. However, it can change its decision when a little magical Toyshop transports Len and Bobby to the toy shelf to join the fun.
338 ::: Deep Roots (1978) ::: adult ::: The original American Billy leaves his reservation and leaves for Hollywood on his motorcycle, to see how other people live. While in Hollywood Billy gets a swacing pad and meets a classification of cute young women: he enjoys the attempt of a sharp chimney with the zone, loves sweet to eager the teenage lawsuit, and in the bathtub The virgin goes down to trade with the rane.
339 ::: XConfessions Vol. 5 (2015) ::: adult ::: Outside escapes and sex, the love of Kink and BSDM, hidden erotic taboos, modern men and intellectual tours, the best missing and a mythical fantasy with a mermaid! This is the fifth volume of the Xconfesion Project, with 10 erotic stories directed by Erika Lust.
340 ::: Girls Kissing Girls 12 (2013) ::: adult ::: In this last episode of the series acclaimed by the criticism of Sweetheart Video, The Passion continues while girls seduce girls in long sensual kisses that lead to hot and intense sex for which this series is recognized. The art merchant Aiden Ashley must face the capricious artist Dana Vespoli, who refuses to compromise his vision of trade, thus leading to a compromising situation. The conservative author Alyssa Reece finds himself face to face with the Sovereign Syre Féministe just before the two girls appear in a talk show, leading to a battle of words and languages. The makeup artist Jessie Andrews nervously applies makeup on her idol, actress Ryan Keely, only to discover that the actress has feelings for her. Finally, Celeste Star discovers that her new roommate, Anikka Albrite, has a penchant to go through her business.
341 ::: The Fiesta (2000) ::: adult ::: Emilia Brandt, the world's richest woman, invites a group of guests to her luxury jungle estate. No one knows the reason for inviting them. They soon learned that they were invited to a sensory dinner party with an erotic desert!
342 ::: Uniform Captives (2013) ::: adult ::: Three sexy stewards are captured by a thief who raided the wrong house. Deciding to make the best of his mistake, the crook binds three cute flight attendants. A beautiful policeman attempts a rescue but is caught and the other three are included in the bond.
343 ::: Family Heat (1985) ::: adult ::: Busty waiters are the mainstay of this family run, where the food is not only hot! Whether or not these hot small bread on the side are added to the meal or the extra hard to earn their tips! Buffy Davis, Cari Fox and Helga Sven's lust staff boilers reach a severe level. It is a family restaurant, living up to its motto: "Customer always cum!"
344 ::: Grab and Bind of Amarna Miller: A Nude for a Nude Exchange (2016) ::: adult ::: A beautiful Spanish woman is KID, stripped naked, tied to an evil intruder, and aged monkey. The invitation claims to give him a valuable copy of Goya's famous paintings for women. When negotiations are slower than the evil wishes, the thug puts his over -over hair maiden in a harsher binding.
345 ::: Entering the Student Body (2005) ::: adult ::: After leaving his pizza work, Dave decides to enroll in college. After denialing the acceptance of delightful grades, he decided to remove the admissions officer in the hope of changing her mind. After being accepted, he quickly finds a job as a teaching assistant to support his educational expenses, but ends up by fueling his students in the country. After a few weeks of this, Dave's grades begin to slide. He is failing all his classes, so he decides to see if he can make any extra loans by firing one of his professors. Since he cannot remove all his professors, he decides to try and study at least one of his classes to maintain his average D. He cleans the campus to find a new, new collaboration for A study friend, but he ends up by fucking him before he could hit the books as well. With his grades and ethics now in the landfills, he is called to the Academic Probation Office for final review before being fired by the university. Dave gets the bright idea to try and fuck the academic proof officer in the hope of remaining in school.
346 ::: Mai Lin vs. Serena (1982) ::: adult ::: Both adult movie stars My Lynn and Serena are playing a major role in director Carlos Tobalina's latest hardcore. Two sexy starlets bet $ 25,000, one of them only snags the most respectable portion, by engaging in the GIN of GIN, by engaging in the worst of the worst body behavior.
347 ::: The Young and the Wrestling 2 (1989) ::: adult ::: Wildman Danny is raising his wrestling gains on television with his loved ones Penelope, when he receives a challenge from an Arabian shaker, who comes escaped from two harem girls as body guards. While the Woman Champion Lynn Ferrari trains a male pair of European wrestlers, Wildman also trained Harem girls throughout the wrestling. The heat of the action will soon lead to sex. The main match is interfered with the referee, none other than master of America covered.
348 ::: Ask Joy (2012) ::: adult ::: A consulting columnist tries to help women who find themselves bound and gagged. A woman fell in love with the wrong maintenance trick, another was captured by one burglar, two women were robbed in a shop after hours and tied up by ruthless criminals. Even the columnist is captured on a chair and silenced by a thick headscarf between her teeth.
349 ::: Tease Me! (2012) ::: adult ::: Style Style Style Style Style, let me know that interesting and relationships are between married people. All shot on POV, the film shows another type of Lovin '- including too much water, depths and many powerful love.
350 ::: Lick My Balls (2005) ::: adult ::: It is done with many affectionate names: polish family jewels, hang with Dickie and the children, chew the supportive substance, shake tea and the bag of gargings. The French call it: "Trios pieces" here in Kick Ass we don't have time for that shit. We simply call it: lick my balls. If you are a fan (and we know that you are) of careless skull sessions with a touch, this DVD is for you. Other companies claim to have the best work videos, we believe they simply suck Dick. As an additional erection, look at Mary Carey as you have never seen.
351 ::: Massive Facials (2008) ::: adult ::: When he has a unfreened dream of a dead man now and your face as someone else, but he is not allowed? Allow your loss of losing life in a special story of soggy, laughing girls, and girls.
352 ::: 40 the Hard Way (1991) ::: adult ::: A Beverly Hills housewife sees her husband getting more than a massage from a massage. Another one loves her friend's daughter. A Baxom's wife's daughter's father and second wife have been videotaped with a young husband. The daughter was adapted by her African-American dance instructor. Another wife is served by the delivery person, while wives 1 and 2 videotape videotap themselves with the help of another rent. Husband 1 Revenge Video Tape is exciting.
353 ::: Get Me to the Church on Time (2001) ::: adult ::: Beautiful bride and her so beautiful bridesmaids are in shock when their limuing comes to transport them to the wedding. A woman bent on the revenge herself on the bride's family caught the true driver and left her tied and sad. So she and her henchman have the three gorgeous girls weakened and strictly peeled and ready to be whisked away to unknown points. In the second story, two women are trapped, tied and pierced. When they try to escape, the thus guarding them forces them to peel each other then unites them even tighter than before.
354 ::: Safe House (2003) ::: adult ::: Beautiful c.i.a.a. The agent does not like the appointed missions and decides to resign from the agency. Unfortunately intellectual operatives do not leave a secret agent - they disappear. Buxom brunette and left behind and he fell before he escaped. When the same cute agent warns her, the woman unites him from slavery. Now they can only shrink and cry when they are waiting for their destiny.
355 ::: The Fugitive (1997) ::: adult ::: Although Carla and Patrick are very loving, Patrick is a little control freak and his wife does not want to talk to other men. When the beach bum spies reading a magazine on the deck of his beach in the front of his beach, he is called and refuses to leave until he gives him a kiss. She protests that her husband will come home soon, and she has to leave there, no benefit. Eventually she decided to give her a kiss if she got off her deck from her deck, but she would catch her in a passionate hug as she came to witness Patrick. Patrick flies in rage, and their relationship goes down quickly from this point. While Patrick is stopping flying lessons, Carla leaves her ring pillow, and her sister Isabel and her husband, Sydney, live in Sydney. Needless to say, he is not happy when Patrick comes back to find out what Carella walked.
356 ::: My Boyfriend's Back! (2003) ::: adult ::: After working by her boyfriend, if he won't do it, if he would answer, he mature it to the Gag keep it. In the second story, the Blonde is well after a thief breaks in his house and steal the content of Sage - but bad is it to come. Side of the seat and balls and balls, you may feel that you are in a place that is abused with the mob.
357 ::: From Top to Bottom (2006) ::: adult ::: Four long homosexual episodes of a man who is sodamed by other people who have been together by the narration of Derrick Vineard. The first is a hot club Barbilly, which picks up a straight man's microphone at the top alone. But the bouncer Eric and former Billy Trick suggested that Mike has Billy for both. They do so. Second, Tyler invites Jake, a date on the Internet for sex. Neither I like to receive it, but both give it to each other. Third, Kevin the Bartender tries to connect with three different bar patrons one after another on the same night. When they discover his tactics, they give it to him, probably on a sling below the bar. Finally, the narrator gives his closet soccer boyfriend, Jason, an obedience.
358 ::: Helping Hands, Volume 5 (2006) ::: adult ::: Five check leads individually come to Higgins Studio for interviews, photographs, filmed, fond, licking, snatching, snatching, probe, sucked and stroke. Higgins and their supportive hands offer. Usually he also removes his face and body when he gets too much in the frame, but some shots slip. Holes cut underwear (see for brown spots) or some models. They take a bath later, with the help. Self-promotional web links are depicted in both the beginning and end of the film.
359 ::: Crystal Balls 2 (2001) ::: adult ::: In this video, most characters visit two Old Fortune vendors who have long forecasts. Following these goddesses, they all have homosexual adventures. The first son has a history, which becomes a three -person in the porch, deck and in the backyard. Then all three are wandering in the forests behind the house and confronted the dog with the dog. Tyson's next character visits the gypsies before discovering more sex in the same backyard. Finally, the Lancret character visits them, then begins to masturbate in the woods before it is discovered by another gay boy.
360 ::: Phoebe's Back in Bondage (2015) ::: adult ::: A crook catches Phoebe's friend, then force the petite brunette to turn a value of value before shaving, tying and connecting the unfortunate duo. In other stories, a self-link lover brings more than she traded for when she asks a friend to show her the ropes, a naked blonde beauty is hired in her bedroom and a woman wearing a little red dress is tightly tied with a bedpost.
361 ::: Honor Thy Brother (2004) ::: adult ::: Why is the taboo that shocks us at an emotional level and bother us offering our strongest, most primitive erotic behavior? LIQUID DREAMZ 'HONOR THY BROTHER is a fantasy and scene editing starring Junito and J.C. Brothers, and introduces Smokey, the younger brother of JUNITO's stepfather. Junito talks about a series of Vinnet, discussing him for you, and discusses some of his deepest secrets and passion.
362 ::: Deep Inside Nikki Dial (1993) ::: adult ::: Nikki has chosen her favorite XXX scenes and then gathered in a tape. Plus, Nikster pleases us in a whole new fantasy scene, just shot for this special event! Likes how to spend an evening with Nikki without leaving your living room.
363 ::: Physical Attraction (1984) ::: adult ::: The young Hooker Bobbi is turned on with tricks to live, so it leaves her pushed Pimp a pushed and decides to follow her true passion of leadership. The keen coach Ed realizes that Bobbi has genuine athletic potential and trains it for the Olympics. But will Luther allow Bobbi to go?
364 ::: Butt Blazer (1997) ::: adult ::: Another customer connects his car to, they give another customer as "provides a large conversation as" balls that are white ass.
365 ::: Harem Girls (2001) ::: adult ::: Two quite a few odds were captured in the office of their advisor and a secure rope and enclosed. The helpless women are transferred to an abandoned warehouse where they are forced to replace their street clothes with Harem-Girl dresses. The frightened women are then canceled and again rammed into preparation for their new owner. In the second story, four magnificent plans for girls for the evening of an attempt at sexy lingerie suddenly change when an ex-conds decided to use her house for a hiding place and keep scary women in captivity.
366 ::: Laura Lee: Bound for Reality (2012) ::: adult ::: Any star of attractive reality television TV rating programs that rating the program saves the programs saving the broadcast. To develop them to improve the degree of grade that turns to the original object when a criticized crime is killing and asking for the victims of "victim" sacrifice.
367 ::: Two on One (2005) ::: adult ::: Two beautiful women are hired to kidnap a sweet lady for a rich but crooked businessman. Soon the housemates have fun prior to the business world and start playing kinky games with her surprising willing victim. Soon the tables are first turned, then another woman becomes the victim of the sexual desires of the other.
368 ::: Psychoporn (2006) ::: adult ::: Let's go back to Basics - There is no dinner in the light of the candles, jump an aperitif and forget the polite conversation - These six men eat girls just want your cock. These are X -Treme Hardcore - Aspiration with deep through, many hammering anal and many DPS dividing holes, in this tribute to the 11th command according to the British director Macondo "you will abandon your ass for a good fuck."
369 ::: Bite the Big Apple (1997) ::: adult ::: New York City in July resembles a hot applicade. Enter the ice queen, lady, dish, tomatoes. It was on more than one handkerchief. It can make a man like a summer function. This is the story of Slate, Sam Slate, a special cock. The man who suffers from bad luck is intertwined in her internet. The concrete forest also declines.
370 ::: Bad Company (1978) ::: adult ::: Explosive and searing expose to focus on the corrupt and sexual behavior of a certain young and beautiful female police officer. You will see how to use its magnificent body and masterful sex techniques to seduce and retract young men and women. A brilliantly dramatized photo of desire and perversion that is rampant on the sea under the modern secret society.
371 ::: Family Heat (1985) ::: adult ::: Busty clubs are the primary element in this family restaurant where food is not the only thing that is served hot! Whether it is with the meal or on the side of these hot hot pastries work hard to gain their advice! The famous employees of Buffy Davis, Kari Foxx and Helga Sven raised boilers intensively with Rachel Ryan to buy early on all cummers! It was photographed in the authentic Los Angeles TAVERN, which is the modern and always cooked specializations for the request. This is one of the family restaurants that rise to the level of its slogan: "The customer always goes first!"
372 ::: Hot Child in the City (1979) ::: adult ::: Two girls come into the city looking for work and theater. During their long interview, they watch a lot of others that make love to the work system. When they are provided by their services that they cannot wait to participate in the hot sex!
373 ::: Hometown Honeys (1986) ::: adult ::: Daily events in a suburban district full of housewives who are anything but desperate, because everything enjoys anything to, and on them! From plumbers to boys of newspapers via gardeners and even their own neighbors and (shocking!) The husbands, these ladies open their doors (front and rear!), And their legs to all the appellants! This is the very definition of "afternoon delight"!
374 ::: Grab and Bind of Tera Patrick: The Perils of Tera (2013) ::: adult ::: When a beautiful actress comes down to participate in the role of a film given by a iving nining producer, Mogul refuses to accept "no" as an answer and kidnapped Baxm Shyama, while the unwanted star for displaying many wealth on the film. Gives, when tied by, gagged and in different stages of clothing.
375 ::: Awakening to Love (2010) ::: adult ::: A beautiful woman and a cool man have sex. Men propose women and give her a ring. She calls her best friend with her boyfriend and tells her good news. Later, she wears clothes and she leaves the house. The man prepares to clean the kitchen when he asks something outside. He goes outside for the investigation. The next sequence opens in a hospital where a recently engaged woman is unconscious and her fiancee is crying on her side. We learn that she is in COM sleep. Her friend and boyfriend rush to the sickroom to learn the news. Eight months have passed, and in the meantime, the unconscious woman was left alone, promising that her fiance would never leave her. She woke up from the COM sleep and noticed that she was sharing her room with another man. But she is still depressed and sullen -so the man has to think about how to cheer her.
376 ::: Hot Touch (1984) ::: adult ::: Hot Touch is a story for fantasy lovers. Jim and Marsha have been happily married for several years, but they admit to each other that there is no zing on the old family bed. They trust some of their most darkened fantasies that change their married life. Our adventure couple invents a hassle -free venture that includes their entire neighborhood. The last scenes are filled with visual temptations from wall to wall!
377 ::: Girls Kissing Girls 19 (2016) ::: adult ::: The 19th issue of the winning series of bones will bring you more scintillation ventures, focusing on your passion. Carly Montana has been stressed, he is interested in whey, it simplifies the voltage. Melissa heard that dreams heard that he had kissed well, so he hurried to prove himself to his skeptical friend. Professor Chanel Preston Student Marley Brinske about his departure from the university. Marley opens amazing news to his professor, and two ladies comforted each other by deep love. Finally, Holifed Honlewood Public Administration Honus Honus Hellfires Teen Leavessa Veracruz for teenagers, and after some mistakes Elexis Vanessa Vanessa to persuade as well as possible.
378 ::: Gigi Allens: Realtor in Ropes (2014) ::: adult ::: Female real estate agents who are interested in buying an aging house to repair and flip old -aged houses are caught by the villain hidden in the shadows. Beautiful blondes are immediately tied naked, tied, and monkey agged. Her effort to escape fails and only brings more severe binding.
379 ::: Bring It Black 6 (2007) ::: adult ::: If there are three charm, five more white girls are in trouble and six are doubled. Dicks is dark, n thick 'n hung up and go too deeply they can puncture the lung pyramids. She takes trouble to stand, she hangs upside down, and all this is Kaz the Boyz ... black in the town!
380 ::: Masters of Discipline (1975) ::: adult ::: Timothy and Jason are brothers. They are experts in the arts of slavery and discipline. They are forced by a strange and twisted desire to bother and sexually abuse voluptuous girls. This abnormal compulsion, related to their fanatic religious ideas, makes their own sister join (tied). It is one of the most commented scenes of the film: "The scene of a dozen twisting tweezers!" Driving wild and angry by a micro-minion secretary, Timothy and Jason kidnap her. In an isolated area of ​​the forest, they alternate and attack it repeatedly. They conclude their torture with an incredible "golden shower scene". At the end of the film, Timothy and Jason meet their deserved destiny, but not before kidnapping a young mother, keeping her captive and performing "unnatural" acts. The "milking scene" is almost incredible is the climax of the film. Masters of Discipline is not a documentary, however, it documes many varieties of abnormal sexual behavior. Psychiatrists have treated the dysfunction of the personality of such affected individuals and, in many cases, they say that this is the result of arrested psychosexual development. The purpose of this film is to enlighten and educate adults who may be interested in understanding slavery and discipline.
381 ::: Grab and Bind of Josie Jagger: Josie in Jeopardy (2015) ::: adult ::: A beautiful brunette becomes a tickle of an intruder and tickling, who naked him, tickles him and hurts him with snow. The hooded villain leaves a sexy spitfire with a gift that keeps on giving - a vibrator bound where it will do best.
382 ::: Steamy Windows (1991) ::: adult ::: Art has a huge owner Rachel Ryan using a perfect plant to get what he wants. Planning the new film is trying to explain, as well as a closest boyfriend in Rachel Ryan, he died.
383 ::: Lure of the Triangle (1977) ::: adult ::: Filming on the spot in the crystal waters of the rain triangle. Steamy sex along with beautiful underwater photography. This is a treasure hunt to finish all the treasure hunting. We will not delete the plot by telling you what beautiful rivers Patricia and Virili Mike Cone are looking for, or if they find it, but we guarantee that for the viewer there is a treasure of all kinds in each frame of this film. The triangle will attract you!
384 ::: Bikini Bondage Battle (2013) ::: adult ::: Two bikini-clad babes fight to fight a valuable modeling contract in which both ladies are planning to eliminate the competition by having them struggle on the floor bound and pinched. In other vignettes, four naked beauties have ended in the same way.
385 ::: Ginger's Hawaiian Scrapbook (1987) ::: adult ::: Dear Diary, the photos this morning was back from my summer vacation. Don and I have spent the day they remember my photo album and remember all the wonderful time and clever men we met when we met. Day on the beach of love, in the silent motel rooms, the rough mole rooms, the motor scooter trip we are all crazy, and the irregular party was made in a bullet. But then, I'll give you all about this about it and others in my Hawaiian Scrap Bay.
386 ::: Teagan vs Jenna (2009) ::: adult ::: Jenna haze in the Tiagan Presley Spare and the road. Teagan with two movies as Jenna have three. Jenna has sex for first time when teagan only do it earlier. At the end he has not quoting one of them wins the competition called the competition, but I think it's wrong conflict for Jenna has a lot of movies on the other screen ...
387 ::: GI J.O.'s 2 (2001) ::: adult ::: A masturbation video with a twist. After a long interview, ejaculation and shower with sage, four young army soldiers sit together on the couch of the living room. Then each goes to the bedroom one by one to make a masturbation video. After showering, he returns and is the next man. At the end of the night, a man linked.
388 ::: What Gets Me Hot! (1984) ::: adult ::: Mark Radner blackmails her when he steals the maid of his mother again, and blackmailed her to submit to himself and his friends Kevin and Jeff at the same time. In the meantime, Cheryl remembers her for the first time with Bill. Mrs. Radner not to know that Mark spies, wants and receives public sex from her drunken driving friend on the parkway. In the pool area, Mrs. Waters welcomes the shy new neighbor Mr. Kennedy. In her next appearance, the neighbor is enthusiastic about the Buxom mother. Debbie is with Kevin. Lannie Waters enjoys himself while wearing Jeff outdoors outdoors. Debbie is misused by Mark Radner and raped the date before realizing that Wendy and Kevin joined.
389 ::: Model Students (2002) ::: adult ::: Once some beautiful coeds disappear from the local college campus, police send their most beautiful police officer to school to reach the end of Kaper. Soon she approaches what she wanted and reveals that women are all kidnapped to play in naked dress videos.
390 ::: Délires sexuels (1980) ::: adult ::: Martine is a photographer who works for high-grade Haute-Quoture magazines, but sometimes she does some dirty photos for special customers so that she can get her benefit. As Sophie and Jean-Pierre, two models, naked themselves in their studio, he takes some pictures of them. To get a break from her work, she pipes from the road, raising a trump.
391 ::: Stalked Roommates (2003) ::: adult ::: Two grain one person makes them hard. They called the police, but before the police arrive in the house and closing of his house before the police arrive. When the Great Police Officer comes in rescue, he soon gets together with uncomfortable couple. In the second story, a beautiful young woman was abducted, forced to connect to and typically closed.
392 ::: More Than a Handful (1993/II) ::: adult ::: This is the PlayBoy Styew movie in the market in Japanese after the place is sold in the US. The movie is funny girls and have some big water that goes the MOD
393 ::: Alexa Moves Into Bondage (2015) ::: adult ::: From work and good luck, Alexa feels lucky to himself when his uncle Jack sought homes for him. Uncle Jack's ex -wife pretty blonde breaks their marriage, adheres to the girl, giggles, naked and helplessly leaving Gold Digar, Alexa begins to think that she is so lucky. Uncle Jack's current Main Squeeze fell through the house and she was sure about it when she was accused of going into her territory. Poor Alexa is quickly removed, Cleve-Guggai and Hogtid and unable to free himself.
394 ::: Teenage Nurses (1974) ::: adult ::: The world's first board building/musical/porn movie. Doug Collins and Avind Harram have created a cheerful but non -selling movie called "Bethesda's American." Vietnamese veterinarians at Bethesda Va Hospital are enjoyed by various board building performers. Comedians, tap dancers, singers, 12 -foot python, etc. During the show, patients, including one kid, have sex with a hospital nurse. Doug could not sell this to anyone, so Bill Markle and I bought it, added some more sex scenes, laughter trucks, and the Capri Theater as "Teen Age Nurse". I sold it to the Greek Teddy and Tom. The audience was terrible, the Greeks were angry, and Al Goldstein said about teenage nurse: "Porn loses its innocence and succumbs to moral rot in this pigar." I thought I died and went to heaven.
395 ::: Love Hurts (1992) ::: adult ::: Tom Byron can't pass tiana taylor. No woman may replace it in his life. So he decided to stop. It tries the gas itself in his oven ... but detect it is electrician. So it got some of the other, but began to judge that it would make it wrong with her home. To complete the mess. But Tanna is not alone. T.t. The woman is with him. So what does Tommy do?
396 ::: The Fiesta (2000) ::: adult ::: Emilia Brand, the biggest woman in the world, invites a selected group of guests to her luxury mansion in the jungle. No one knows the reason they were invited. They soon discovered that they were invited to a sensual dinner, with erotic deserts!
397 ::: Apocalypse Babylon (2003) ::: adult ::: Apocalypse the first chapter of the "Greedlov trio" of Babylon Charlie Cro (the second chapter Black Angel False). Mobster Alezandro Biscotti has a mole in his operation, but his true adversary is the minimum of his worries as his true adversarial mind control researcher Arthur Gardelow. Greedlow has a secret weapon: sexy zombie murderer, Babylon.
398 ::: Object of Desire (1983) ::: adult ::: Her innocence and beauty were captivating! A thousand miles away, located deep in the heart of the South African bush, there is a brothel. This is an old, rural, but exotic establishment, which has results and many beautiful girls. There they are obliged to serve and to take care of the wishes of the passionate and once special aristocracy. The object of desire is gracefully filmed and made in the style of Emanuel and the History of O, except for, of course, the scenes are explicit. With the participation of Juliet Anderson from Aunt Peg, fame!
399 ::: Women Seeking Women Volume 1 (2002) ::: adult ::: Trying on grand clothes is not the only thing that enjoys Holi and Nikki together to take them away and more fun! After one night of dancing, they make their way back into the bedroom, where some soft massage changes in a night of passion! The experienced Kelly young, beautiful brree wants to show the difference between being with a man and being with a woman. First of all, Bree slowly opens for thought and feels the tenderness of a woman and her touch is what she is craving because she gives her barriers! Nicole is getting ready to go out, and trying on different undergarments, when she needs Nikki's help with her stockings. Humid Nicole gets a minor Nikki to try to do something with him. Nikki's minor touch on Nicole's pussy when she is trying to hook her girdle, she sends every girl to the spark. They each know that tonight is something exciting!
400 ::: Fringe Benefits (1974) ::: adult ::: Taigwatt Institute for Sexual Research, Aka "Hard-On Heaven", where Dr. Cherry Paper gets sex readings from the Assistant Miss Motormouth. Their new client weak harry flat out. As an office sex passifier, Harry Ginny pulled Pullerttit and a shameful new worker Mary-on Lablobe, with the help of Thunderfart, Passer-bye captain Sukatidi went to Sukatidi. Harry Mr. Cockput's private secretary and lover was gangening on Elaine Gyptitz. The doctor gains his advantage of Taitwat Harry, who confirmed his case while really climaxed when he was a virgin. Later, the doctor's cherrypapper's machine is overloaded when his assistant mobilizes him, and the Assistant Test runs a permanent erectile dysfunction. Harry uses this to forcibly remove the doctor Taitwat until she agrees. Elaine Giptitz also revealed that they enjoyed their first encounter. Harry is rented back as the boss absorbs the importance of edge purposes.
401 ::: Get Me to the Church on Time (2001) ::: adult ::: When their limousine comes to transport them to a wedding, a beautiful bride and her equally beautiful brides come for shock. A woman has caught the actual driver and left the bound to avenge herself on the bride's family. Soon the three magnificent girls of her and her chicken were roped and strictly gone and ready to be strangled to unknown issues. In the second story, two women are captured, bounds and G AGs. When they try to escape, the thugs that protect them forced them to snatch each other and then harden them.
402 ::: Love Secrets of the Kama Sutra (1970) ::: adult ::: Goose to "Gurke" in their reserve, which causes problems with a couple, go to "Gurku" and ask him for help. He then raises them to himself as described them in ancient Indian texts of ancient India. Various performers in the throwers of many situations and positions reflect. Once they are guided by the ancient sex manual (not a graphic anyway, not here, anyway), after whiteness. But before they get into their cars, they will stop and continue to fall in love with several bushes in the premises. Guru's maid (looked in some scenes) and adds to them (this story even more graphics). Guru itself appears later, and the trio trio smiled before moving.
403 ::: The Curious Case of Countess Martina (2012) ::: adult ::: The detective pursuing an international adventure finds a stolen plan hidden in her house and escapes the Earl Agged and tied to a chair. The Countess turns the detective table when her and her hentiman captures the detective and forced her to clarify her secret when she is struggling with a vibrator attached to her nether area. After that, Henchiman reveals the real color, ties both women, and puts it in a fatal TRAP. In the second story, another detective and her cute assistant are pursued by the villain of Foul, which is a miserable danger.
404 ::: The Make Up (2007) ::: adult ::: Mandy and Spencer have relationship problems ... He wants to marry while she wants to fall apart. When Spencer asks his father for advice, Mandy and Spencer wind up in a resort for problematic couples. The only problem is that Dad never told them what resort he really was ...
405 ::: Girls Kissing Girls 15 (2014) ::: adult ::: Nell (Justine Joli) has a wonderful business; She teaches women to kiss, but she cannot do the work alone. So, with the help of her beautiful assistant Katy (AJ Applegate) and the trainee to Kisser Rose (Sinn Sage), the three women kiss in the hearts of all the couples of girls and LTR who come to their daughters from the girls' seminar weekends. With: Dana Dearmond, Misty Stone, August Ames, Ryan Ryans and Anastasia Morna.
406 ::: Backdoor Bangin' (2006) ::: adult ::: Time you have a good time bangin '! This DVD is warm DVD and suffering can bring the screen! This has xxx showed, you will fill, ass, booster, booster, very much on the side of the cheeks!
407 ::: The Upsilon Caper (2015) ::: adult ::: While a research laboratory has detected a new type of radiation, enemy agents and corporate spies are desperate to get information about the project and to gauge the Percent Office Fissure worker, government agent and security specialist.
408 ::: Backdoor Bangin' (2006) ::: adult ::: It's time to have a good time! This hot DVD has all the nasty, which Anal can bring on the screen! This contains XXX with a rating, deep clogging, filling of the ass, clapping loot, salad throw, anal action on this side of the cheeks!
409 ::: Donne d'onore (2009) ::: adult ::: This is an important time for sexy households. The opposite family of family "for only ones" for the meeting, a wonderful search secret railins that go to shocking climate.
410 ::: Grab and Bind of Tera Patrick: The Perils of Tera (2013) ::: adult ::: When a cute actress is low to participate in the connesting producer, the mogule refuses to take "no" and does not accept "no" and steals the BUXOM brunette, links it with films, scratched and at different stages of solution.
411 ::: In Hot Pursuit (1987) ::: adult ::: After his morning run, an illustrator settles at his work table and attracts men while fantasizing sexual stories about them. Story #1: A friend visits, soaked to the skin from an unexpected rain shower. Down to dry his clothes through the fire, talks from muscle building in the gym to the well -ended illustrator sexual frustrations not to find any willing women who are his type. The wet friend helps him. Story #2: Two cowboys play poker for matchsticks before they take each other around. Story #3: two foreign legionaries visit "the favorite" of an enemy king to ask him the favor to use his influence to end the fighting and to break on both sides, but the King's favorite asks for "A favor" in exchange then, for the Studly Lieutenant to "give favor" to his shocked captain. Story #4: A firefighter discovers a young man who sleeps in his bedroom, who is not at all aware that he left the stove that a kitchen fire started down. Mutually overcome with desire, the two take their snakes out to vary alternately to extinguish the spontaneous flames of passion that are now creating in the bedroom. Story #5: A lonely Indian warrior, who finds a partially stripped cavalry man who was postponed before death, carries him back to his cave to recover. When the unconscious soldier later, Wakess, his curiosity about his benefactor leads to peak under his loincloth. The warrior is awakened to appreciate his gratitude. Conclusion: the illustrator still looks into the camera for the viewer to give his next inspiration at his desk.
412 ::: Ladies Night (1980) ::: adult ::: A sexually frustrated home woman is not getting the carnal she needs and desires from her football addictive man. Betty decides to arrange the situation by coming out with her pals for her Rowdy Irene and Angie for a swing nightclub where the fun and bawdy supply are the order of the day.
413 ::: Cathouse Fever (1984) ::: adult ::: Shy and reserved Los Angeles -based secretary Becky craving for a more topical and attractive sexual life. Unsatisfied with his physical fantasies, Becky decided to leave Los Angeles and goes to Las Vegas to act as a legal prostitute at a brothel where she hopes to find the sensual fulfillment that has been removed so far in her life.
414 ::: Fever (1992) ::: adult ::: Call Stevens falls in love with Caroline Monroe on the first site. And he begins to dream about her. He goes to a psychiatrist and explains the repeated nightmares falling in Monroe's vagina. He has been diagnosed as suffering from Vasinago. The only treatment is to jump into your head first and conquer fears.
415 ::: Torrid Tales of Costume Bondage (2011) ::: adult ::: Six connection drawings containing the seven attractive damsles in anxiety. In the first story, two superheroines find themselves in a mandatory courtesy of the dangerous supervision diva. In the second tale, a sex pirate is gagged, stuck in several sex positions and then revealing her abundant chest. In the third tale, a lovely girl Harem attracts a sultan and forced to think of the mistake of her ways while she was tied and decorated. In the last three fairy tales, a French maid, a ski rabbit and the girlfriend of a firefighter are ropes and deceived for viewers' pleasure.
416 ::: Things Change II (1993) ::: adult ::: After leaving Denise to find a new life (and her sexuality), Lisa is only in an unknown world, wishing for the perfect man to fall in love with her. Denise, sad and sore, desperately wanting to return Lisa, plans something as simple as a man who will break her old girlfriend's heart ..
417 ::: Bondage Potpourri (2014) ::: adult ::: While visiting an old friend, two sexy women find a hidden scrapbook in bondage photos. When a friend returns with ACT, two visitors are detained, monkey agged, and the latest entry. The other five sexy women were caught by blind dates or intruders and shaken firmly with a rope.
418 ::: Perverted Stories 19 (2004) ::: adult ::: 4 short stories: 1) Bag Lady: Four people have a gang-slaughter with a woman who covers her face with a bag: she can be the sister of one. is she? 2) Parking spoil: A woman can give her car key to the valet, but how can she withdraw them? 3) Made for Anand: A man invented a female sex robot and invites his male friend to a threesome. 4) The Dummy: A ventrylocwist leaves his dummy and girlfriend alone in his office. Dummy has something big to show him.
419 ::: Gold Digger Blues (2015) ::: adult ::: Convinced that her father's fiancée is nothing other than a blonde golden, the young brunette captures the surprise woman and binds a number of embarrassing positions. In a later vignette, a bound and gagged woman hopes to be saved to be even more closely linked to the potential hero.
420 ::: Memphis Cathouse Blues (1982) ::: adult ::: Mavis is a Madame of Memphis's whore. Her exclusive client is Sheriff T.J. Thomson, but he can't help her against Reverand Pritchit, who sends Deacon Davis and Brother Pyle to demonstrate from the outside. Alas, the protesters are soon lured inside to have angel, cherry and rose. Meanwhile, a woman called Tammy Sue knocked on the door, saying that someone just tried to rape her. Mavis soothes her and eventually offers her a job. She trains her with the sheriff. Rose remembers a college man called Tommy Lee, whose brother Johnny Lee was with Dixie. Traditionally, the captain of the winning football team Billy Ray then arrives and will be Tammy Sue's first customer. The sheriff offers to save a whore by offering Mavis. The Reverand Pritchit arrives in person to stop the ceremony, but his real face is exposed when Tammy Sue reveals that he is the man who has tried to rape her.
421 ::: Firestorm (1984) ::: adult ::: Eliz Paul seduces the author Ken Kushing for his employment by the wealthy wealthy Magda in Court to the ghost of her CV. Then he visits Ken Bar works his ex -girlfriend Lisa as a strange dancer. Lisa in one way or another, Kane participates with the daughter of the blind family Claire. Claire got blind on her six -year -old birthday when her mother saved her from her boyfriend, Lewis, by having sex with her. Meanwhile, the Secretary of Lee and Ashika, Barbara, are planning to steal the book of the commercial professor in Lee. In the end, Magda admits that she wants Kane for more than writing. He gives her only half an effort, before revealing that he got a copy of the professor's book.
422 ::: Wine Me, Dine Me, 69 Me (1983) ::: adult ::: You can't look for a more famous caste of adult performers than what this show offers! Join Seka, Annette Haven, Anna Ventura, Serena and Snow Pia attractive in a fictional progress at rabid expense and fast steps!
423 ::: North Pole #6 (1999) ::: adult ::: The film consists of five unrelated drawings, finished by books from Peter North's shows. In the first scene, two women (Jewel De'nyle, JD and June Katie, KJ) were worn for an evening off descending a magnificent ladder. JD is dark hair, capable, blurry and slightly excess while KJ is brunette, athletic and slightly soft. They meet a man (Peter North, PN) at the stairs. Together, all three enter a bedroom. There is little foreword on stage. PN plays the scene with the intensity of steering. KJ does not go on with it, but JD matches its intensity. The scene is visible for a segment where JD works PN from the back while KJ works it from the front. The scene reaches a great finish in the fashion of the trademark in the JD mouth and in the JD and KJ chest. In the second scene, a blonde woman, unclear (Bonita Saint, BS) makes a man (Steve Jagger, SJ) through a room. JS is barely about the work, despite the designated BS ministries. Isingudare, the scene reaches a very good finish on its chest and stomach. The third scene contains a simple, blonde, athletic (Elana, e) woman in a bed, in front of a fire, with a pudding man (John Strong, JS). JS does not depend on work and does not generate too much heat. The scene reaches such a conclusion on her face and mouth. The fourth scene begins with a couple (Charlie, C and Danté, D) in bed. C is dark hair, slightly soft and blurry, but needs better support. D asks if he can work it from behind. Eventually, she agrees. D does not depend on work nor generate much heat. The scene reaches such a conclusion on her face and mouth. The last scene begins with a couple (Amber Michaels, AM and PN) at home, in their home on the hills, after work. Am is blonde, convenient, unstable and slightly excess. There is little foreword on stage. AM is visible for its piercings and PN applies itself to the lower one. Am responds with enthusiasm and is quite athletic all over the scene, but she never seems to engage with PN. PN brings the scene to a great finish on her chest.
424 ::: Model Students (2002) ::: adult ::: After the disappearance of several beautiful coats from the University of Local College, the police send their most beautiful police officer to the school to reach the bottom of the captain. Soon she gets closer to what she wanted and finds that all women have been abducted to play naked captivity.
425 ::: Caligola: Follia del potere (1997) ::: adult ::: An overview of the daily life of the notorious Roman emperor. Caligula climbs on her favorite stallion incubes and receives washing, invented and nourished by her female slaves - while enjoying their sexual favors. During a Senate meeting, Caligula insults the senators and threatens to name his favorite stallion. A visit to the German Princess Brunhilde offers a welcome diversion. Boredom is also relieved by a visit to Demetrius and Jason, two friends from Greece. They participate in a ball game that quickly leads to an orgy, and Caligula invites them to an Egyptian brothel. But their stay is short and Caligula feels alone and sorry again. Fortunately, Brunhilde and his favorite slaves are more than ready to console the emperor.
426 ::: Flesh and Ecstasy (1985) ::: adult ::: Tony interrupted a session with his lover, and his men kidnapped three wealthy daughters and one of their roommates. The roommate then licks the first kidnapper, a daughter and her Baxom sister to the second. When their wealthy uncle and aunt refuse to pay, Tony allows young girls to go, but they decide to help revenge. Another daughter attracts a state lawyer visiting, but Rummet's uncle is mobilized. The state counsel is now sent to the state counsel to bring the old aunt. Therefore, both husband and wife may occupy and the daughter can catch their money.
427 ::: "Divine Bitches" (2009) ::: adult ::: A mother is worried that her young child has trouble with muscles and volunteers to massage because she massages her body, her arousal gets the best and calms her and gives her to He drops down that he oils a little and quietly pushes the finger into himself quickly and continues to his prostate massage. Puts him with surprise to resist but put his hand on his back to hold him down so he could not move and slowly fingered his finger while comforting and giving him He surrenders, bends him on his knees and continues and begins to caress him as well as a prostate massage and dry milk. While he sinks on the bed and disappears and relieves, he asks him if he can do this regularly for him.
428 ::: Private Gold 25: When the Night Falls (1997) ::: adult ::: An entrepreneur discovers that someone in his office is filtering confidential information. He suspects that the culprit is his secretary, Eva. When he leaves work, he follows her, just to discover that she belongs to a club that is really a front for a sexual cult called Fallinden Fall.
429 ::: Amadeus Mozart (1995) ::: adult ::: The music calms the cruel animal ... and will entice the most beautiful women. You have heard about the famous classical composer Mozart, but you may not be fully aware of why you were very good on herpes. You see, it was more important than Mozart's love for music, it was his lust for anti -gender, and making music was his way of getting beautiful babes to love him. But he was not without his competitors, other oversized producers, whoever knows how to use his talent to tempt the most beautiful women in Europe, including the queen!
430 ::: Mouth Watering (1986) ::: adult ::: Finally, what we have all been waiting for! Thomas Paine agrees with the basics. The delicious fills your senses with the most beautiful variety of sexual incursions you have seen. A totally charming and delicious game through fantasies to torrid love scenes, whose effects will leave you licking your lips. There is enough hot action to tempt anyone's palate and leave your mouth of water!
431 ::: Private Gold 20: Dead Man's Wish (1997) ::: adult ::: A rich man has a happy life-money, a lovely wife, and a beautiful house. All this changes when his doctor gives him some bad news: He only has a few weeks to live. His wife agrees to help in his final desire-the judiciary in his recent weeks in the experience of sexual pleasure.
432 ::: Tasty (1985) ::: adult ::: Radio station manager Gary Consors threatened to fire all the disc jockey who works for their station not after a prominent advertiser, saying they would remove all their advertisements until the end of the week The relaxation does not improve. Sexy DJs decide to improve the situation by switching to broadcasting about various juicy sex-related subject matter ranging from delicious flavor and her partner disc jockey rock music.
433 ::: Harmony's Jewell (1999) ::: adult ::: Jewell Marceau can be seen in this model profile of one of the most productive stars of harmony. The Buxom brunette tells about her background, how she became involved with fetish modeling and then demonstrates some of her favorite bondage positions.
434 ::: Anal Fitness Sluts (2017) ::: adult ::: Director Johnny Darkco prefers glamorous models. Its "anal fitness slots" maintain their healthy life balance with regular diet, exercise and regular sessions of enthusiastic butt sex. Filled with tight sp and ndx workout gear, this fox bits oral service stud cox. Men work them with donkey pounding, and girls cool down in the rains. Attractive, Cessy Abela Danger extends its tight sphincter with a large glass dildo. Handsome Zander Corvus his booth and then his face, mouth from the donkey. All-Natural, Big-Bub Queen Angela Hypnotizes White Personal Trainers John Strong and Marcus Duprin. Overflows its rectum with a throbbing dick and slick lube; The coach doubles its OP -covered holes and creates its squirts in orgasm. Justin Hunt Athletic Latina Sex Kittens Sight until the tight rectum of wiki chase does, and her semen releases her beautiful face. Two coaches mega-stacked Latina Bimbo August Gust Taylor offers an uninterrupted, tag-g-team donkey pounding and hot facial treatment.
435 ::: Juice (1973) ::: adult ::: Colette is a passionate French girl looking for sex in all wrong places. She goes to shrink, the man Thomas to talk about her obsession, but he is not a help because he is very busy with his nurse. Then she seeks help from a cult priest, but she realizes that he has no answers either. She is trying a triple group with her friend who oversees the sexes, but in the end she is the unexpected entrance of a mysterious man in the head hat and the upper hat that ultimately helps Colette to realize her sexual ambition.
436 ::: Photoplay (1995/II) ::: adult ::: She is a fashionable photographer with good career and bad friend. How bad is? When he's going, he takes all her money and all her farms! Leaving her without contact and the profession! Spring, Gina is a local advertising chief executive to tell her all about the new customer girl.
437 ::: Muschi Power (2006) ::: adult ::: Four stories about women who attack men for sexual pleasure. Stefan, a technician, is set by two girls in his garage. Herbert, a motorist, is confronted with a knife-waving, leather-covered blonde in the stairs of a parking structure. Andreas, while jogging by the park is dragged out of the path by a big woman. Finally, Herbert avoids the parking garages that rely on public transport instead. He misses his bus and accepts a ride of a young girl in a yellow sports car. They stop at a sidewalk café for a drink, and while he is distracted, she drops a tablet in his soft drink. Back in the car, Herbert starts to get sleepy. Oh no not again!
438 ::: Nosy Neighbor (2003) ::: adult ::: A young woman is investigating when she sees a strange car that stops outside her friend's house. She quickly detects two women and kept in the basement. After the Abortive Rescue, the masked Goon is tied to three Baxom Babes to play safely. In another story, a woman decides to divorce her husband connected to her husband, thinks she will get a beautiful divorce solution. Unfortunately, her husband quickly shows why it is not a good thing to cut with an organized criminal person because his wife and her best friend are committed and went to a date with winds and fish.
439 ::: This Ain't Happy Days XXX: Fonzie Luvs Pinky (2009) ::: adult ::: Fonzie is upset when he is reminded of his only true love, Pinky Tuscadero by her little sister, Leather. When he leaves his leather jacket, the Polaski -Teeling Potsie for the Fonz are confused. Lori Beth asks Richie to help her study while Marion de Leopard Lodge snows. There, Howard organizes a welcome party with only boys only for the Grand Poobah of Germany.
440 ::: Amadeus Mozart (1995) ::: adult ::: Music relieves wild AV beasts and seduces the most beautiful woman. You have definitely heard about the famous classical composer Mozart, but you may not have completely noticed why the harpsichord is so good. What is more important than Mozart's love for music is his desires for the opposite sex, and making music simply by a beautiful baby loves him. However, he did not have any other genius who knew his rivals or how to tempt the most beautiful women in Europe, including the Queen, using his talent!
441 ::: The Few, the Proud, the Naked! 8 (1998) ::: adult ::: Dan Fenix ​​are shown in this collection of mistakes. Then young naval naval naval forces are interviewed by Derkid Dick Yats as they wire and go on to show. They show a lot of young people to star in adult movies. This is the eighth volume in a few volume range.
442 ::: Linda Lovelace Meets Miss Jones (1975) ::: adult ::: A housewife is visited by repairman Harry Rims, which brings a collection of 8mm hard-core sex loops before hitting a big time in the Deep Wand Throat and Satan with the devil, respectively. Despite the title, Loveless and Spelvin do not share any scenes.
443 ::: Entering the Student Body (2005) ::: adult ::: After leaving his pizza work, Dave decides to enroll in college. After denialing the acceptance of delightful grades, he decided to remove the admissions officer in the hope of changing her mind. After being accepted, he quickly finds a job as a teaching assistant to support his educational expenses, but ends up by fueling his students in the country. After a few weeks of this, Dave's grades begin to slide. He is failing all his classes, so he decides to see if he can make any extra loans by firing one of his professors. Since he cannot remove all his professors, he decides to try and study at least one of his classes to maintain his average D. He cleans the campus to find a new, new collaboration for A study friend, but he ends up by fucking him before he could hit the books as well. With his grades and ethics now in the landfills, he is called to the Academic Probation Office for final review before being fired by the university. Dave gets the bright idea to try and fuck the academic proof officer in the hope of remaining in school.
444 ::: The Other Side of Aspen 4: The Rescue (1995) ::: adult ::: Celebrating the 100th Movie release of Falcon Studio, the second party of the Easpen IV is the latest sequel to the original 1983 Classic, starring the late KC Donovan. This time Hunky Ski Instructor Johnny Hanson lost her lover (Chad Knight) in Aspen's deep snow. He does everything that he can find him, but the deflections come thick and sharp.
445 ::: Private Gold 7: Kruger Park (1996) ::: adult ::: Frekman and women's groups spend a few days at the famous South African wildlife resort, Crew Gar Park. They go to sunbathing with the pool when they are not having sex.
446 ::: Naughty Girls Like It Big (1986) ::: adult ::: In this classic sex flick, Bevy of bodacious beauty comes together to discuss what they love in their men. Strange enough, they all seem to want the same thing-the men for whom the term 'well endowed' is not very strong enough. They tell each other with sexual shenanigans involving their large-fitted studs,
447 ::: The Coach's Daughter (1992) ::: adult ::: A high school football team has been scheduled to play with an undeniable team from another school, and the team coach is sure to lose his team to the undefeated team. His daughter comes with a plan to make sure her father's team wins: she and her girlfriends have sex with many opposing team members, resulting in a lot of tired as the day of the game, they win very tired.
448 ::: Kasimir, der Erfinder (1986) ::: adult ::: Kasimir Glück's sex life is restricted once a month by his wife affected by migraine (Uschi Karnat). After a particularly missing act of sex he spends some time in his workshop to design a device (it looks like a lightweight plastic mounted switch) that guarantees immediate arousal. It really works perfectly on his wife, and the couple realizes that there is a business opportunity. Several copies are manufactured and the Glücks go on their separate ways to sell it door to door. Obviously, raised customers need an immediate need of a sexual partner, and our entrepreneurs are happy to oblige them. Ultimately Kasimir's sales tactics failed badly, but his wife made a bunch.
449 ::: Inside Désirée Cousteau (1979) ::: adult ::: The young, beautiful and innocent Desiree enters the workforce to find a big problem in keeping men in his charm. He starts working with Mr. Ryan, a promising president, as a reporter. She gives her a "spoon" to her life that ends a regular pool sequence! Desiree Then, when he discovered his first customer, a very good and hot red, does something else as a door -selling woman with great results. She sells all of her goods and ends a Troyer when her husband arrives. In an attempt to keep away from sexual collisions and find a straightforward job, he sees himself in a luxurious sailor to engage with two stars of porn, John Homes and Serena. Seeing what he is doing, he is looking for a career in porn movies and becoming an international feeling. And he always lives happily !!!
450 ::: Get Me to the Church on Time (2001) ::: adult ::: A lovely breath and its equal interest is for the shock when their lifters come to their lifts to transport them. A woman who has arrested the main driver of the bride's family and tied it. So early he and her Heelman has three beautiful girls and strike and ready to be removed. In the second story, two women were arrested, closed and involved. When they try to escape the escalation of the god to force them to force each other, then it is very difficult than ever before.
451 ::: Big Favors (1985) ::: adult ::: A empty house, which is for sale becoming the opening scene of one of the worst sex scenes matched in history, mostly, because Vince Thomas, who was all night, before being shot This movie, making drugs during an orgy pool feast, he looked completely out of contact with his surrounding reality, trying to agree with him with the bottom blond shadow Joyce was a big mistake, this movie is terrible.
452 ::: Linda Lovelace Meets Miss Jones (1975) ::: adult ::: A housewife is visited by the reformer Harry Rims, who brings a set of solid sexual episodes of 8 mm, which is characterized by Linda Loving and Georgina Spielvin before leading the big time with a deep throat and Satan in Miss Jones, respectively. Despite the title, love and Spevin does not share any scenes.
453 ::: Little Miss Curious (1991) ::: adult ::: Ashly Larren turns the guilt-toiler park in the city of wheels when he breaks every law in the book. In the bowl in the bowl in the bag of the cousin, he was held with her uncle's radio with her uncle's boy, he covered all bases. But, he acquires highly aspapers and indicates that they were shown in displaying the national male magazines and harass her two true coastal.
454 ::: Pulp Friction (2007) ::: adult ::: What is the common crime, a few gangster and a girl named Lucy? Well, gangsters have to collect some bad debts from those hot girls who owe them, but continue to give them sex instead ... Oh, well. And when one of the gangsters appointed to look at the girlfriend of the crime boss, Lucy approaches a little too much - there are even more problems.
455 ::: Backdoor to Hollywood Part 2 (1986) ::: adult ::: A film producer who wants to occupy the female leadership in her next epic has problems finding the right girl. She sends out her partner to find that she is looking for: someone who is reserved and innocent, but is "a total nympho".
456 ::: Tough Competition (1984) ::: adult ::: The most well-swallowed lip pierce predators win a gold for the US. The Golden Arrow - Mondel Lambo - The APPTURESS APPLIENDS COMPLETE TO PARTY HAPPENED FOR PARKING CARRY WHAT IS THAT WORKS IN WORK, So mom, detecting people, bringing the flowers according to starting before they have before his binds. Peter Next after his coach hotel room visiting his coach hotel room for the United States Jacket. As stays in the bedroom, another player contact with the call, in front of his two in front of the two (which is a normal event in the middle of this two). Their fly pitter wake up of who is looking from the door, as followed by the activity but not interested in, then he decides to be kenny to your reflection in the picture. Now he is ready to celebrate with his teammates with champion and anxiety.
457 ::: Tales from the Foxhole (1999) ::: adult ::: The two decorating young sea marriage discusses in detail in detail with detail. As the thunder roles and lighting roles, about his primary training unit. There are navy in their pieces in common, when a sudden teacher instructor took them and criminal has made him red. Others need to be absorbed in the structure. As the morning of the morning and the two boxes of the fox found their mutual hypothet.
458 ::: On Top (1986) ::: adult ::: When in a porn filming, Rick proved that he was a man and skillfully dominated his partner in an erotic wrestling race. But is Rick just like controlling his life outside the camera? With the death of his sister, Rick's nephew, Jim, inherited half of the Rick family farm and enjoys sharing his plans to sell it to Condo developers. With the risk farm, farm farm uses Rick distractions with each other and with the nephew of Rick and the best wind. It is Rick's task to prove if he can live in accordance with his personal slogan that is always at the forefront.
459 ::: Memphis Cathouse Blues (1982) ::: adult ::: Mavis is the Madame of a Memphis Horehaus. Your exclusive customer is Sheriff T.J. Thomson, but he can't help her, against Reverand Pritchit, who sends deacon Davis and brother Pyle to demonstrate outside. Unfortunately, the demonstrators will soon be lured inside to be with Angel, Cherry and Rose. In the meantime, a woman named Tammy Sue knocks on the door and says someone has just tried to rape her. Mavis calms her down and finally offers her a job. She trains her with the sheriff. Rose remembers a college man named Tommy Lee, whose brother Johnny Lee was at Dixie. According to the tradition, the captain of the winner football team Billy Ray will arrive and will be Tammy Sues first individual customer. The sheriff offers to save the Horehouse by suggesting Mavis. Reverand Pritchit arrives personally to stop the ceremony, but his true face is exposed when Tammy Sue reveals that he is the man who tried to rape it.
460 ::: The Few, the Proud, the Naked! 8 (1998) ::: adult ::: Dean Phoenix was performed in the collection of masturbation videos. Again Young Marine's director Dirk Yates interviews, as they refuse and move forward to show. They show the desire to act in adult films of many young people. This is the eighth volume of the multi-valume series.
461 ::: Ines Escort Deluxe (2016) ::: adult ::: Enter the private life of an accompanying girl who is not shy at all. Enter in the world of secrecy and closed from high -ranking accompanying. Three young women, experts in high fun, invite you to join their truly deviant games and admit their most intimate experiences. Inčs, 26 years old. Certainly her powers in seduction, she began accompanying to satisfy her women: sex and luxury. With her designed clothes, underwear and high heels, she meets with every unusual imagination to her wealthy customers Kimber, who is 22 years old, which was started by a fresh friend, does not reveal her first experiences. Sexual industrial disciples, latex and anus dates lead to the first color in the real physical awakening, 19 years old. This is a beautiful brunette hanging on accompanying sites only to be provocative. Sfaek and not shy at all, she does not hesitate to use her youth to seduce men of all ages, as during the evening, she spent sex with seven deviants in sex sauna.
462 ::: Lesbian Legal 8 (2010) ::: adult ::: Look at another exciting episode, displaying Avy Scott, India Summer, Nyomi Banxxx, Jessica Bangkok and Dia Zerva play another delightful day at the Lezbian Law Office. Things get hot between the married couple, Nyomi and Dia, while they fight against each other in a game with broken hearts and angry minds! Things reach their peak as they meet head to head, face to face, and it boils in a passion struggle!
463 ::: The Curious Case of Countess Martina (2012) ::: adult ::: The investigator who follows an international adventure finds stolen plans hidden in her home and escapes from the complementary counteps and binding her a chair. Control transfers tables on the detective when she and her detectives pick up and force her to reveal her secrets when she hurts a vibration connected to her lower areas. Then the henchman reveals its true colors, connects both women, and places them in a deadly trap. In the second story, another investigator and its beautiful assistant are followed by the obscene evil and find themselves in a quiet danger.
464 ::: Inside Désirée Cousteau (1979) ::: adult ::: Young, beautiful and innocent Desire enters the workforce to find great difficulties to keep men disinterested in her charms. She begins as a reporter when she meets Mr Ryan, President of Hope. He gives her a "spoon" of her life, which finds herself in the usual sequence of the pool! Desiri then tries other work as door -to -door sellers with excellent results when he finds his first client, very lush, hot redhead. She sells all her goods and finds herself in Menzh-Troy when her husband enters. Trying to stay away from sexual meetings and find a direct job, she finds her job aboard a luxury yacht, just to find herself involved with two porn stars, John Homs and Serena. Seeing that, regardless of what she does, she ends up in sexual meetings, she goes after a career in porn films and becomes an international sensation. And it lives happily ever after !!!
465 ::: Steamy Encounters (2008) ::: adult ::: Moving to the Eastern Gulf of San Francisco? Be sure to visit the local SteamWorks Bathroom House for any action by Man-on-Man. Tattooed Muscle Dad to Vegman lifts T.P. Deaux in the dressing room and they both go to it in the spa center of hot water, and then in a shady maze of the holes of glory. After recovering from this, T.P. He checks the gym where he joins six more muscle, excited boys, sucking, blown and fucking together like dogs in heat. Count the photos, such as Studs Conner Habib, J.J. Macarthur, Manuel, Max Power, Mike Nash and Ryan Ryder Cap from working with some good old -fashioned game. If there is a combination of mouth, asses and dicks that have not been studied in this orgy, it will be difficult for you to find it!
466 ::: The Curious Case of Countess Martina (2012) ::: adult ::: A detective who follows an international adventure hides and escapes stolen programs and escapes from a chair and is tied to the chair. When he and Hankman records the detective, he rotates the tables on the detective and forces him to reveal his secrets when he is tormented with the vibrator attached to his illegal areas. Hankman then reveals his true colors and attaches both women and puts them in a deadly trap. In a second story, another detective and his beautiful assistant are pursued by foul people and endanger themselves.
467 ::: 5 Easy Ways to Fuck a Straight Guy (2009) ::: adult ::: The first role of Jet Set Set Set Set Set Set Set Set Set Set Set Set is special for the straight guy. Campbell, a self-proclaimed vertical guy and soapy, have a secret that wants to share with you. What is this secret? It is well in line, of course, to bed with it or any straight guy.
468 ::: Lick My Balls (2005) ::: adult ::: It goes through many affectionate names: polishing the family jewels, hanging with Dickie and the boys, chewing on the Goo, tea bags and gurgling bag. The French call it: "Service Trios Pieces" We don't have time here at Kick Ass for that nonsense. We just call it: lick my balls. If you are a fan (and we know you are) of sloppy skull sessions with a twist that this DVD is for you. Other companies claim that they have the best flower videos, we think they just suck dick. As an added stiff, then view Mary Carey like you've never seen her.
469 ::: The Boobs of Hazzard (2005) ::: adult ::: The county of Hazzard will never be the same again! At least not after our daughters have finished tearing it away. This super loaded and high octane sex game has powerful girls! Lexxy Tyler, Mackenzie Mack, Malibu and the NewCummers Hot Amy Reid and Carli Banks burn the screen! It's time to go down and get it, Danni style!
470 ::: The Jelena-Trillium Bondage Showcase (2016) ::: adult ::: Busty Jelena Jensen returns to bondage modeling and is tied in the gauzy lingerie and nothing nothing. The debutant Trillium is tied to a chair and then shaved naked and hogtied on a dining room table. Britney Amber Blonde Shapely finds herself in an uncomfortable position after an argument with a photographer and is released from her outfit, tape stripped and tied to the foot.
471 ::: Twin Devils (2006) ::: adult ::: Talent Scout Riviera is walking when his Volkswagen Golf is broken. There is a certificate of reference, there is a barking dog in the background, and he soon goes on the garage. After repairing muscle mechanics, Riviera has the opportunity to dance with a group of chipmenalists. After sex, a mechanic agrees to come to listen. Return home, Riviera, Riviera, two dances to NAP in a short time. Two played billiards continued their games and then departed. The next day, talents to check talents leave the garage and his garage and leave it to get it there. One day Riviera introduces him to choreographer and twins. They all have sex. Then the mechanic should decide about dance work. Does he take it or not?
472 ::: Modeling School Bondage Scandal (2012) ::: adult ::: At a top modeling school, the stern instructor insisted that two of his less competent students live after school for some additional tuition. She forces the youth and starts her remedial training, which is bound and blindfolded to pose. When Vinsom gives tires to their treatment and protest tires, their teachers mutile their arguments with thick cleave gags. Once bound and helpless, their cruel patrons contact a dealer in bizarre clothing as to whether they are interested in getting their reluctant services.
473 ::: Private Gold 7: Kruger Park (1996) ::: adult ::: An intimidating and women put some days in Penger Park, famously famous in South African wild beasts. They go to SAFaris and Sunbathe by the pool when they don't have sex.
474 ::: Girls Kissing Girls 19 (2016) ::: adult ::: The 19 edition of the food order makes the donation resulting in the use of the Internet producing vigning vignistry of vitnistes. KLIE is made to get help from sexy massage to heal brown, an indication of redhy anxiety to reduce Pal Melissa's dreams about it. Melissa makes it well to hear it so well with the dream, so it goes down to express himself and his friend. Professor Chanel fresh wondered Marley's pupil about the next departure from the immigration. Mary reveals some of his advisors, the two women comforting one another by kissing deep. Finally, the hot hollywood shooting has a period of a growing car, and sometimes difficult words to convince Vasassa.
475 ::: Fucktards (2012) ::: adult ::: Get closer to the real sex, the real risk and the risk and you will feel that your brain is starting to fog. Get closer to your fire and intelligence coefficient, down, down, lower until you think of a rebellion thinking of your lust. And I go on fire and set you on fire: Insania nobilis fucktards, biography of "gentleman's stupidity in the game" by the owner of the treasure and founder of Paul Morris, for every man who feels too much sexual desire "I like to call it" noble stupidity "and that it works as the film expands," he said. "Get close to real sex, danger and real risk, and you will feel that your brain starts to fog. As you get close to fire, your IQ will be over and down until you think nothing but to think in Now you are not thinking of your gap. "
476 ::: Aaron's Russian Boy Orgy (2001) ::: adult ::: These orgian starting sexual roles, productivity and hygiene to seven Russian sons. Then Lo Renens causes her orgia for video. As a bonus personnel, Timo and Timo movies and a large crowd in the first McDonald of Lawrence in Russia. They drink lunch.
477 ::: Gangbang Auditions 1 (1998) ::: adult ::: The three famous visits, the Vach Vach, Caroline, and Oceanene interview before making a man. This movie is analysis for these women. If the producer and the principal makes their number that makes them an adult film for companies, anabolic.
478 ::: 'n schot in de roos (1983) ::: adult ::: Maja is crazy with her husband Alex because she wants her to join a threesome. Maja takes vengeance by experimenting with various sexual partners of her choice including her own girlfriend Lewis.
479 ::: Something Old, Something New (2004) ::: adult ::: Beautiful brothers and his wonderful lovely women were captured at the wedding. All three girls are bound with cruelty, brutally bring brushes, and bride lead to unknown parts. In the second stage, the horrible brunette brutetes try to persuade a girl who does not want to walk in a wedding from the fear of the bridegroom.
480 ::: Natural Instinct (2002) ::: adult ::: Experience the emotion of hunting as a jungle beast that wants to impose his will on another creature in a sexual way. With well known not to mention well-equipped stars like Michael "Monster" Brandon and Max "Latin Heartthrob" Grand, you will discover a new kind of sexual pleasure that comes with harsh and tough sex but still soft and passionate. Without talking, without wasting time to set up situations that would be a prelude to what we really want to see: lust all animals want to enjoy.
481 ::: The Adventures of Miss Boxworthy (2014) ::: adult ::: A beautiful heiress is captured by an evil villain. She asks the crook to bind and choke it safely so that she can practice her escape artificial skills while waiting for the ransom. When the delivery is created by the kidnapper's beautiful arch enemy, the beautiful brunette is captured, safely bound and forced to endure a mighty vibrator that cuddled next to her sub -region. In a non -related vignette, a beautiful redhead is captured in a haunted house and in a basement dungeon with a buzzing vibrator to keep your company, safely searched and amazed.
482 ::: Inside Désirée Cousteau (1979) ::: adult ::: The young, beautiful and innocent Desiree enters the workforce to find a big problem in keeping men in his charm. He starts working with Mr. Ryan, a promising president, as a reporter. She gives her a "spoon" to her life that ends a regular pool sequence! Desiree Then, when he discovered his first customer, a very good and hot red, does something else as a door -selling woman with great results. She sells all of her goods and ends a Troyer when her husband arrives. In an attempt to keep away from sexual collisions and find a straightforward job, he sees himself in a luxurious sailor to engage with two stars of porn, John Homes and Serena. Seeing what he is doing, he is looking for a career in porn movies and becoming an international feeling. And he always lives happily !!!
483 ::: Lord & Master (2003) ::: adult ::: Welcome to Frederick Mansion, where you go without a memory and without trace, but while you are here, you are submitted to leather, bondage and S&M by a dominant master and his son. The slaves hide one of their own who is banished by the father, and if he is discovered, can he convince the others to rebel against their cruel tormentors?
484 ::: The Make Up (2007) ::: adult ::: Mandy and Spencer have relationship problems ... He wants to marry while she wants to fall apart. When Spencer asks his father for advice, Mandy and Spencer wind up in a resort for problematic couples. The only problem is that Dad never told them what resort he really was ...
485 ::: Reeducating Karen (2011) ::: adult ::: Two stories of beautiful women in danger. In the first, a super model travels to a third world country to obtain the release of some kidnapped Westerners when she is grabbed by the rebel leader who holds her friends trapped. In the second story, a Buxom -blonde daydreams of itself in Bondage are placed by all kinds of villains.
486 ::: Uniform Captives (2013) ::: adult ::: Three sexy stewardesses are captured by a burglar who has raided the wrong house. The Crook decides to make the best of his mistake and binds the three beautiful flight attendants. A nice police officer tries a salvation but is captured and joins the other three in Bondage.
487 ::: On White Satin (1980) ::: adult ::: The most sexy things happen when we see walks under a soft, sexy white satin leaf. From the couple of the honeymoon to the party of Toga Wild Fraternity, on a white satin proves that this is the best bet for a photo that will have great legs, sexy hands and beautiful hips. The most sexy things happen on white satin.
488 ::: Le baiser (2015) ::: adult ::: Clair (Tiffany Doll), a young Parisian woman is in a 10-year relationship that has become more a routine. Her routine is interrupted when she testifies to an American woman, Jolene (Madison Young), cheating. Claire helps her to settle in a hotel. As thank you, Jolene gives Claire a kiss; A kiss that becomes burned in Claire's mind. She can't shake the feelings that Jolene's kiss sparked, and Claire wants to explore them further. Jolene and her friends make a journey to the village with Claire, where the thought of infidelity is far from everyone's mind. However, it has not passed long before the new and exciting sensual experiences overcome this new group of friends.
489 ::: Safe House (2003) ::: adult ::: A beautiful C.I.A. The agent is hated with the allotted missions and decides to resign to the agency. Unfortunately, intelligence operators do not leave the secret agency - they disappear. Bucksome grabbed a brunette and put the rope and goggles before she escaped. When an equally charming agent tries to warn her, the woman meets her with slavery. Now the couple can slaughter and moan only when they are waiting for their fate.
490 ::: Teagan vs Jenna (2009) ::: adult ::: Jenna Haze and Teagan Presley do not compete directly. Teagan has two scenes while Jenna has three. Jenna does an anal sex in the first two, while Teagan only does it in her first. In the end, it is not stated that of you won the so -called competition, but I think it was an unfair argument because Jenna has more scenes and so more minutes on the screen ...
491 ::: Nosy Neighbor (2003) ::: adult ::: A young woman is investigating when she sees a strange car that stops outside her friend's house. She quickly detects two women and kept in the basement. After the Abortive Rescue, the masked Goon is tied to three Baxom Babes to play safely. In another story, a woman decides to divorce her husband connected to her husband, thinks she will get a beautiful divorce solution. Unfortunately, her husband quickly shows why it is not a good thing to cut with an organized criminal person because his wife and her best friend are committed and went to a date with winds and fish.
492 ::: Hollywood's Nailin' Palin (2010) ::: adult ::: When Sarah Palin is invited to the audition for a movie about her life, she faces Tina Fey competition. After an unrelated visit to the CSI group: Wasilla, we cling to Sarah while she and David Hasselhoff judge in the "other Governor of the US of America". Next, she interviews the master of Illusion Chriss Angel and Levi Johnston in her show, "Just Sarah". Sarah finally ends up stirring in a movie for Hustler directed by Axel Braun.
493 ::: Racquel Released (1992) ::: adult ::: The stalker spy on Racquel Darrian because it swims naked in the swimming pool. Stalker is chasing her to a dubious bar and seeing a resident bag (TRIXY) in front of the locals and lesbian sex. After that, TRIXY brings her new trophy into an orgy with one of the local men. TRIXY is more exciting to participate in Racquel as monitored. The local man has it with Racquel. However, the man of the stalker is in the window after seeing his dream girl. Racquel seems to be spending night. The next morning, Racquel is a house that praise her naked body in a mirror. The man of the stalker is broken. He chases her. After catching her, she pretends to fight. Then we understand that it is her husband. He is clearly enjoying his beautiful wife going with a strange man and lesbian. Despite the three different men a few hours ago, he gets off to her. He then hits her.
494 ::: Amadeus Mozart (1995) ::: adult ::: Music calms the brutal monster ... and seduces the most beautiful women. I have undoubtedly heard about the famous classical composer Mozart, but you may not be fully aware of the reason that it was very good on the harp. As you can see, it was more important than Mozart's love for music was the desire of the opposite sex, and the music was simply his way of obtaining beautiful children to provide love for him. But he was not without his competitors, and other fans who also knew how to use their talents to tempt the most beautiful women in Europe, including the Queen!
495 ::: Bad Company (1978) ::: adult ::: An explosive and scary exposure focused on a corrupt, sexual disorder of a particular young and beautiful female police officer. You will see how she uses her magnificent body and masterful sex techniques to seduce and blackmail young men and women. A brilliant dramatized depiction of lust and perversion, which is growing on the mosque hip of the modern "secret society".
496 ::: Panty Raid (1984) ::: adult ::: The best thing about shorts is to remove them! Passmade is the name of the game and aims to enter the girls' shorts. Now, getting a piece of donkey is one thing, but Barry and Peter are not just interested in any donkey. They just look for young faces and bodies that don't leave! Panty Raid, a story about the past.
497 ::: Uniform Captives (2013) ::: adult ::: Three sexy stewardesses are captured by a burglar who attacked the wrong house. The crook decides to make the best out of his mistake and binds and nags the three beautiful flight attendants. A pretty policewoman tries to rescue, but is captured and joins the other three in bondage.
498 ::: Aunt Peg Goes Hollywood (1981) ::: adult ::: The actresses Lisa and Ronda Jo are roommates. While the first has occasional sex with her friend director Jeff Howard, the second with her friend as director of photography Kevin Jaye. A woman still photographer interviews Kevin later and soon picks him up. Sexually aggressive actress Lee Carroll then takes Jeff in a studio. The porn actress for the first time Sandy obtains a casting sofa from a Jeremy. Kevin is called to photograph the rich star of Tara porn in his manor, but she rather look for him. Producer Tante Peg takes Jeff to her Mexican manor where she pressure it by joining her and her fleeting secretary Annie in bed. During the screen test, Annie seduces the projectionist. Then, a delivery man brings a new coil and uses it to seduce the receptionist. A film critic then appeals to the "provert" of the film ("a professional pervert that choreographer the sex scenes").
499 ::: Naughty Girls Like It Big (1986) ::: adult ::: In this classic sex flip, beauty gathers of physical beauty to discuss what they like in their men. Strangely, they all seem to love one thing - the men who are the term "well -dedicated" for them strong enough. They include each other's stories related to sex Shenanigans, which includes the equipment of the equipped with,
500 ::: Loveland (1973) ::: adult ::: The young couple married for a while, and their love was some monotonous. But their friends heard about Elaine and Jerry. They heard about a club that would be a lot. The trip on it four of them ...
501 ::: Don't Get Mad: Get Even! (2000) ::: adult ::: After serving a three -year prison for a three -year prison, a beautiful former cone decides to take a revenge on his two partners, who held the bag when he spent time in the slamor. Determined to recover the missing robbery, crooked captures his former partners and ropes and gagged them until they agree to say that money is hidden. The second story is a domestic invasion story where two young beauties are bound, GG AG and kept by an evil captain on the gunpoint.
502 ::: Bad Career Move (2003) ::: adult ::: A woman, desperately in need of money, agrees to travel to a private home to interview an office position and turns out to be chloroform, abducted, closed and bound. In the second story, she is captured and forced to take off her sweater to give her assets a better view. He soon joined several other equally pleasant connections.
503 ::: Deep Rub (1979) ::: adult ::: Simple design, sensory sex. A massage attracts different clothing to meet your customers. She turns himself as a boat crew, a Chinese girl and an unconscious driver - where there are major repairs. The Sex Antheo Hun and Desiree Cousteau are one of the most sensitive between the two women. The end result is that he is awarded the title of a massage master and your full satisfaction is guaranteed !!
504 ::: Costume Cuties Captured (2012) ::: adult ::: Beautiful women pretend to be equestrian, trafficking, Hawaiian beach rabbit, Greek gods and nurses find themselves prisoners of bad men and girls who only want their imaginations that involve tight ropes and harsh consent.
505 ::: Lesbian Legal 6 (2010) ::: adult ::: These girls have waited for years to be legal and are now willing to share themselves with those who love them. Will they hurt? Will they fall in love and stay there forever? Legal and ready for drama! In this court no case is left open ... just feet. And these hot sexy lesbians will do something for another woman. Five hot and seductive lesbian scenes. Simply the most realistic sex in lesbian video for adults. The best pussy eaters you may have on your side. They are absolutely irresistible and delicious!
506 ::: Tied-Up Babysitters (2008) ::: adult ::: A little boy loves to make his beautiful Buxom babysitters playing police officers and robbers and leaving the adults helpless, bound and gagged. His mother and father are not in love with this form of care, so they tie the unfortunate women even closer and then stroke them to show their displeasure.
507 ::: Mouth Watering (1986) ::: adult ::: Finally, we are all expected! Thomas Peyne gets on the basics. Drinking water fills your feelings with the most beautiful sexual skills. Very wonderful, delicious romp, and their effects lick you your lips through fantasies to love torrid. Here is enough hot action to seduce the choice of anyone and watering your mouth! 1
508 ::: Little Me and Marla Strangelove (1978) ::: adult ::: Girls will be girls and what they are is horny and youthful! It is the last week of school and you organize a wild beach party. There is a crazy room and a leather bed with Marla and her friends who do wild, strange things. If you think sex is fun, wait until you see the girls with their friends and all their teenagers and wishes! Kirdy "Taboo" Stevens loves the forbidden!
509 ::: Lana (2017) ::: adult ::: Lana is the students of young law to fight their time and finances. When he's consideration to her roommate cit on a situation, he applies to some advice and is introduced to the world. During one year, lina have a range of sex experience and learn to learn each other's sex with interesting customers. Her story closed in the double reserves to replace her life forever.
510 ::: What Gets Me Hot! (1984) ::: adult ::: As soon as he caught his mother's wife stealing flowers again, Mark Radner auctioned to submit at the same time to him and his teammates Kevin and Jeff. Meanwhile, Cheryl first reminds her of Bill. He is unaware that Mark is hiring, Mrs. Radner wants and gets public sex from her boyfriend in drunk driving in the park. In the swimming pool area, Mrs. Waters greeted the new neighbor shipping Mr Kennedy. In their next appearance, the neighbor is being fun by the mother of Buxom. Debbie is with Kevin. Lannie Waters enjoy herself while fantasizing outer sex with Jeff. Debbie is abused and date raped by Mark Radner, before they realized Wendy and Kevin joined.
511 ::: School Nurse (2000) ::: adult ::: Sexual fun person finds nurses of his school and is located in its office. When he tried to solve it, the mustard speaks chloroform on his face. When he recovered, he knows himself and he knows that it was stolen. In the second stage, he decided to tell the college coefficient what the college thinks of the college, which decides to make easy money, being a communication model. He hired him, he is so displeased with himself and the model will soon be a helpless prisoner.
512 ::: Once Upon a Secretary (1983) ::: adult ::: Nina is a porn star. Sharon is a secretary who wants more than just sex from his married boss Mr. Murphy. Meanwhile, tired Nina sleeps before sex with her boyfriend bread. So he calls his neighbor Elen as a substitute. Nina wakes up but joins until she sleeps again. Pressure for a less boring job, applies to Nina strip bars, but becomes very comfortable with customers. Meanwhile, Mr. Murphy Gives Sharon after asking two businessmen to give fun. Realizing that she is being paid for sex, Sharon accepts the offer of his colleague Steve's porn star. Steve introduces Sharon to Nina who shows Sharon a rope. They decide on a business job. Brad also works for Mr. Murphy, to protect Nina from the boss, who has to listen to the couple's own office fees sex. Sharon assures Steve to go to Camera Mera with her.
513 ::: Hot Touch (1984) ::: adult ::: Hot touching is a story for people who love a fantasy. Jim and Marshara married for years for years, and agreed to each other in the old couch without a zing. They tell about some of their misfortune to their marriage life. Our couples produce that producable to the movement of their neighbors. Last film is filled with the pleasure of the wall to the sex!
514 ::: North Pole #6 (1999) ::: adult ::: The film consists of five unconnected vignettes, which ended the book by shows by Peter North. In the first scene, two women (Jewel De'nyle, JD and Katie June, KJ) dressed for an evening come out of a grand staircase. JD is dark, good, voluntary and slightly damaged hair while KJ is a bred, athletic and slightly soft. They meet a man (Peter North, PN) on the legs of the stairs. Together, all three enter a bedroom. There is a little preamble for the scene. The PN plays the scene with driving intensity. KJ does not stick to him but JD agrees with his intensity. The scene is remarkable for a segment where JD works from the back while KJ works from the front. The scene comes to an excellent conclusion in the PN fashion of the trademark in the mouth of JD and on the chest of JD and KJ. In the second scene, a blonde and volupulous woman (Bonita Saint, BS) spreads a man (Steve Jagger, SJ) around a room. JS is hardly good for work, despite the determined BS administrations. Surprisingly, the scene comes to a very good conclusion on chest and stomach. The third scene has a simple woman, blonde, athletics (Elana, E) on Couch, in front of fire, with a Pudy man (John Strong, JS). JS is not quite in the hands of work and neither generates a lot of heat. The scene comes to such a conclusion on its face and mouth. The fourth scene starts with a couple (Charlie, C and Danté, d) in bed. C is dark, slightly soft and voluntary hair but requires better support. D asks if he can work from behind. Eventually, she agrees. D is not quite in the hands of the work and neither generates a lot of heat. The scene comes to such a conclusion on its face and mouth. The final scene starts with a couple (Amber Michaels, AM and PN) at home, in their home in the hills, after work. The AM is blonde, good, volupulous and slightly overfilled. There is a little preamble for the scene. The AM is noticeable to its piercing and the PN applies itself to its least one. I am responding enthusiastically and is quite an athletic throughout the scene but never seems to join the PN. The PN brings the scene to an excellent conclusion on his chest.
515 ::: F.I.L.T.H. Hunters (2005) ::: adult ::: The rang's satest and industry to create a series, f.i.l.l.h.h.h, who throws the ninth tale, but her friend, alla, don't want anything with them. James is tired of his 9 to 5 life and his favorite family. Sophia and her husband Frank lost noise in their love life. But it's all about change ...
516 ::: The Confessions of Linda Lovelace (1977) ::: adult ::: "Linda Lovelace" (played with a double game whose face is never shown) interviews for a job as a sultan (Harry Rims). The flashbacks that certify his experience are shown by clips of Deep Bhroat. It is only in these clips that the real Linda Lovelace appears.
517 ::: Natural Instinct (2002) ::: adult ::: Experience the excitement of hunting like a beast in the woods that wants to impose its will on another creature. Given that good stars such as Michael "Monster" "Brandon" and Max "Latin Heart" are not mentioned, you will discover a new type of sexual satisfaction that is only pleasant and passionate only with violent and violent sex. Not talking, without waste of time in creating situations that we see an introduction to what we really want to see: the lusts that all animals want to satisfy.
518 ::: Helping Hands, Volume 5 (2006) ::: adult ::: Five Czech boys are individually comes to the Higgins Studio to conduct interviews with them, photograph, photograph them, entered them, lick them, spray, strip them, investigate and absorb them. Higgins and his assistants offer hands. He usually comes out of his face and his body when he enters the frame, but some shots slip. The holes are cut in underwear (watch the brown spot) or cut some models. They take a bath after that, also with the help. Self -promotional web links are displayed in both the beginning and end of the film.
519 ::: eXXXtra eXXXtra: The Bad Girls of Hollywood (2007) ::: adult ::: In the long tradition of famous pornologies such as "Sofino", "Britain Then", "The British then" is the current stand, "Girls Paris Hilton, Boritheni Spring, Boritheni Lushan and others. As well-known, almost every famous film and television program, in one time, in the mature industry. A conflict of the background of his background at the bazaar of the background, "Heavy Working Exhibition" "that he struggles to achieve the High Interview with her job, and the profession will Have. In order to discover themselves to the self and eventually in the romantic daily day that in a lovely state of the romantic day with a lovely state of love, the sign of her beautiful cooperation.
520 ::: Twin Devils (2006) ::: adult ::: The Talent Scout Reverraurra walks around when his vulus vagin golf breaks. Ask for help, with a grain dog in the background, the car and the car is in a bird. After repairing muscular mechanical repairs, Riverra gives him the opportunity to dance with his campperselz group. A mechanic after sexually agreed to come for audit. Getting home arrives home, roora briefly before dance before getting up for NAP. Two, playing billies played, continues to play and then make it. On the other day, learning heads to inspect and garage and his fellow mechanics to get the mechanics to get it there. Once there, the wrever he introduces the Kormerma and two pairs. They have all sex. Then it belongs to the mechanic to decide about the dance job. Will he buy or not?
521 ::: Private Gold 2: Friends in Sex (1996) ::: adult ::: Four beautiful young women make a holiday in a villa with a pool. In the sun, your vacation relaxes to a strange sexual discovery. Two girls visit a local artist for lunch. Then he seduces her and a passionate threesome develops.
522 ::: Loveland (1973) ::: adult ::: A young couple have been married for some time and their love life has become a little monotonous. But from their friends Elaine and Gerry they hear about a club where most things happen. A visit there from all four they turns out to be not so monotonous ...
523 ::: Stalked Roommates (2003) ::: adult ::: Two roommates saw that a man hangs them. They call the police, but before the cops arrive, a hulking thug breaks down in their house and ties it up and puts them. When a beautiful police officer arrives to rescue him, he soon connects with bondage in an unhappy pair. In the second story, a lovely young woman is kidnapped, forced to snatch and is strictly bound by her kidnapper.
524 ::: Silk Satin Sex (1983) ::: adult ::: Valerie, owner of the wealthy LG GEAzari Company, invites the possibility of several optimistic female employees at a special private party. Valerie encourages all women to share their most intimate stories on how her husband met as a means of achieving a very new available position in their company.
525 ::: The Tease (1992) ::: adult ::: Ghost writing appears to be like a piece of a book -writing cake about the sexual fantasies of a grand millionaire -until the rich babe who hired you is not the world's biggest tampering. A dictatorship story from award -winning director John Leslie.
526 ::: Business as Usual (1978) ::: adult ::: Consigners make the workers make good education and rined and iron looks on sex at workplace. By sexually and feminine makes it an industrial company, in some lungs and some unnecessary areas - "a transaction as it appears in this movie. ...
527 ::: Dames de compagnie (1982) ::: adult ::: Before the secretaries, housekeepers, nurses, air hostesses, there is no sexual fantasy other than this classic movie: "Women of others" (Les Fames Meries). Francois has found a network of "married women" (Les Fems Meries), who decided to explode and created a very attractive erotic fantasy.
528 ::: The Best of Gail Palmer (1981) ::: adult ::: The new concept comes to adult images, which have been used by record producers over the years. The idea of ​​putting "Greatest Hits" album is that the audience is not given the wheat and the chaff. This movie is the same! Explained by JC St. James. The film is offered by 30 stars and hottest from Gail's top movies, very romantic scenes.
529 ::: Plaything (1995) ::: adult ::: Nikki is a picture of confidence. It is a very successful sexual processor wandering with the help of playing fictional roles. Like the role you play by itself.
530 ::: Stalker (2008) ::: adult ::: Happy what happens when two women meet in an adult film set when one is a superstar and the other an unknown? Well, everyone wants what the other has: her freedom. Her sexuality. Its opening. Her life. The best winner of AVN director Eli Cross presents a dark and twisted cartilage and hunting, hunter and hunted, possession and obsession. Stalker.
531 ::: All You Can Eat 3 (2006) ::: adult ::: The words "reverse gangbang" appear in the box cover as a subtitle or label. This indicates that pairing here includes one boy and several women. What is presented here is two scenes, each with two men and seven women. Before each scene, a monochrome (using different color filters) visual introduction (no conversation) is involved with individual insult from each of the seven women. This section takes twenty -two minutes before the first scene. The camera is located and there are seven games for another eleven minutes before the kids arrive (David Perry and Tony Ribbas). Multiple pairs, three -thirds, frames, etc. The second scene, with the presence of Manuel Ferrara and Steve Holmes, plays a similar way to introduce more uniformly than female participants.
532 ::: Dangerous Situations (2005) ::: adult ::: Two young women from Snoopy decide to play amateur detective with terrible results when the perp catches, binds and wins them. Unable to free themselves, they are waiting for their fate with apprehension. In the second floor, three curved girls are removed and dragged in an abandoned house, each being attached in a separate room.
533 ::: Dynastud (1986) ::: adult ::: In this latest episodes of the Beverly Hills's passive Rich Herrington Boys, The Idol Rich Herrington Boys, in this latest episode of the TV series, Steven and Adam, they live to satisfy their personnel fans, but trade business. Along with the truck Johnson, Drillco's field manager, arrived by the aircraft, Mrs. Harrington called her two decline sons. Due to the limo trouble, she instructs Steven to bring trucks from the airport. He reluctantly agrees, but immediately after meeting the family's warm newly stable boy, he loses all the time, immediately, there, there and then, and then, and on holiday, decide to check his full measurement on holidays. Meanwhile, Adam, a private plane packed with party guests, fails to receive the mother's message to return home to the reception of the truck, the truck. The pilot, examining the problem, leaves the cockpit to find adam in a hot and heavy encounter private back room with the guest Brian. Unable to tear himself, the airman separated him, eventually (and strictly) joined them. In the mansion, the truck comes to the end (motivates Balding Butler to indulge in a private fantasy after seeing the truck in his room). When the steven comes to the end (directly home from the dark airport), he meets the truck in the pool, and the two form a special relationship.
534 ::: Tied-Up Babysitters (2008) ::: adult ::: The little boy loves to deceive her beautiful, bucksom babies, and wants to play pirates and robbers, depart and suffer from adult helpless. His mother and father do not look the same as the care of care, so they are tied and they love unhappy women to show them even harsh and afterwards.
535 ::: Crime Does Pay (2004) ::: adult ::: Two tales of police women in danger of bondage. In the first two inexperienced cops decide to investigate a case on their own without backup or inform their supervisors. When the pair is caught, peeled, tied and left in the basement dank, they realized the mistake of their ways. In the second story, a young woman police officer goes in search of a missing cheerleader and discovers her in an abandoned house. Unfortunately, she discovered that she made the discovery and soon the two women would be weakened for the cheers, cut into thick pieces of cloth and struggle desperately to escape after their master spread the petrol where a prisoner was being kept.
536 ::: Tied-Up Babysitters (2008) ::: adult ::: A little boy loves to mislead his beautiful, Buxom babysitters in playing agents and robbers, leaving the adults helpless, bound and squeezed behind. His mother and father are not in love with this form of care, so the unfortunate women bind and blast even tighter and then caress their displeasure.
537 ::: The Adventures of Miss Boxworthy (2014) ::: adult ::: Villain is used to wound well. She rejects the selfish interest in the leag, and it can take his rape when he feels the ransom to reach. When the message is declared the message of the witness's witness, the beauty of bread, connected and forced to end up in the Nether region. In Vigtyte, a beautiful bridge blocking the house and resting and resting in the basement of the locker to make his company use.
538 ::: 'Ginger' Does Em' All (1988) ::: adult ::: Both are in rackets, along the atmosphere of gamblers, scammers, gangs, bookmakers, and married couples (Tombylon & Nina Heartley). They have much in common than they know ... their secret occupations are not just similar. Both have the same lover, Ginger (Alicia Monet). When each other finds a betrayal, the shocking end is stunned the viewer like a card shark "Ace of the hole"!
539 ::: Uniform Captives (2013) ::: adult ::: Three Sexy Stirds were taken by the chicken that has attacked the wrong house. Deciding to choose his mistake, Crook Loans and Gangs make a three beautiful participant of flight. A beautiful female female female one risk trying but occupied and joined in other three other detainees.
540 ::: Hometown Honeys (1986) ::: adult ::: Daily Going-on in a suburban neighborhood filled with housewives, whatever, but desperate, as everything is, for everyone, and on them! From plumbers to newspaper boys to gardeners and even their own neighbors and (shock!) Husbands, these women open their doors (front and back!), And their feet, to all the callers! This is a very definition of "afternoon happiness"!
541 ::: On Top (1986) ::: adult ::: While on the shooting of the porn film, Rick proves that he is The Man, Masteryly dominated his drill partner in erotic wrestling matches. But is Rick in control of his life camera? With the death of her sister, Rick's Ornary Bhabhi, Jim, has inherited half the farm of Rick's family and it is a pleasure to share her plans to sell it to condo developers. With the farm in crisis, the farmhands take advantage of the interruption of Rick with a nephew and best partner by messing with each other and visiting Rick. It is always on Rick to prove whether he can live up to his own personal formula to come to the top.
542 ::: Safe House (2003) ::: adult ::: A beautiful C.I.A. Agent is disgusted by the missions she has assigned and decides to withdraw from the agency. Unfortunately, intelligence companies not only leave the secret agency - they disappear. The Buxom brunette is grabbed, rope and gagged before it can escape. When an equally beautiful agent tries to warn her, the woman joins bondage. Now the two can only wind and groan while waiting for their fate.
543 ::: The Freshmen (1997) ::: adult ::: "The Freshman" focuses on homosexual activities surrounding a new first year in a California campus. And everything happens in the first days. Hanson is this first year student, but he seems to meet no one until he presented himself to engage in a fraternity. Between the two, guys next to it, dormitories in the bathroom and the jocks in the locker rooms all have sex. Even his new roommate puts himself one night before he made this decision. It is a surprise revelation which is also there to engage with him.
544 ::: Sisters (2006) ::: adult ::: Jessica is young and confused. She does not understand the strange feelings she had for her older sister. More than a simple admiration, she feels a great love for her. With anyone to talk to her about her desires, Jessica loses in a whirlpool of emotions.
545 ::: Ginger (1985) ::: adult ::: A rich man will not give his nephew his heritage until the nephew gets married and produces an heir. Youth lawyer Roger suggests employing an agency like Roger for the younger secretary under his desk. The old age of three women. The ginger just refuses to shave and even end up piercing the youth. This gives her the victory and she is sent to the kitchen so Cook Tamayo showed her how to combine food with sex. The fashion designer Mr. Marvell then measures the ginger for Lingerie, who will soon bring them intimate. French teacher Monsieur Labouche comes to find Maid Lisa who likes herself. The woman claims to be ginger to deceive him in sex with her. The servants and ginger spend a dance teacher to shave. Quickly go out and leave ginger alone with Butler Marlowe. During a party, Ginger agrees to be intimate with Monsieur Labouche but also calls Marlowe. Meanwhile, Cook Tamayo is with the guest party William Walker, while Maid Lisa is sitting by the harassment to Mr. Marvel.
546 ::: Cheri (1974) ::: adult ::: After a hot and heavy coupling with his ex -boyfriend, the king of the stallions, John C. Holmes, Cheri meets another former lover who has a broken leg. The ex has problems making his putz stand up, since Cheri makes sprouts like a geyser. His friends next to him share a love party, then finally, all (and we mean everyone!) They join a good old orgy; One of the best ever captured in the film during the golden era of the classic adult film.
547 ::: Slaves! (2001) ::: adult ::: A burning carpet and his shaped friend kidnap the beautiful women who kidnap the beautiful women to follow the white slaves. Women's lines and silent women fight towards themselves with foreign criminals from their bands to the external criminals.
548 ::: Cheerleaders for Sale (2000) ::: adult ::: A gang of white slave dealers attracts pretty cheerleaders to their fake modeling office so that they can kidnap and send the beauties to buyers in overseas. If one of her intended victims becomes suspicious, the rackets keep them with a gun held up until an accomplice can bind and choke the helpless girls.
549 ::: Every Woman Has a Fantasy (1984) ::: adult ::: A group of women have regular meetings discussing their sexual fantasies. The man of one of the women becomes obsessed with these discussions and persuades his wife to have one of their meetings secretly. This too does not satisfy it, however, and soon its obsession begins to manifest in another way.
550 ::: Living Doll (1987) ::: adult ::: Len (Randy Paul) is a youngster. It seems a bit and frustrated. Len is attracted to the coacher's shopping shopping (amber lynn) but it feels that it is a dangerous event of his shop to are said. However, what about they know that every night in the midnight and the dolls do you come to life - almost all of them become breastfeeding. Except is the Barbie Barbie (Taija Rae) and her boyfriend Ken Com (Steve Durake). Barbie is a good girl and not accepting a male or female sexual activity. However he can change his mind after a small child's kids make magic len and bobbie to shelf to log in to fun.
551 ::: A Big Tit Christmas 2 (2011) ::: adult ::: A compilation of six video-on-demand vignettes via Christmas cervical giant.
552 ::: Grab and Bind of Jade Nyle: A Quintuple-Bind Experiment (2014) ::: adult ::: While visiting a generous charity house, a pretty young woman leaves her group, searches for an irreplaceable mansion, and captures a crazy maniac. Tounded, monkey agged, naked, she is helpless to escape from becoming the theme of his crazy experiment.
553 ::: Big Beaver Splits the Scene (1971) ::: adult ::: Millie and Suzie are two nearby friends who live together in the same apartment complex. When the lovely ladies do not participate in lesbian links next to the torrid pool, they are having sex with husbands or participating happily in wild group orgies.
554 ::: Go Hostagettes! (2012) ::: adult ::: A beautiful detective is sent secret to review the reports that a community college employee removes a webcam -pornographic site from his sports office. After watching the cheerleaders from other colleges, located on the coach's computer, the crowded federal representative is watching his files. In short, he is a bracelet, stunned and forced to appear on his website as his last encouraging bandage.
555 ::: Natural Instinct (2002) ::: adult ::: Experience the adventure of hunting like an animal in the forest that sexually yearns to apply their desire to another creature. Michael "Monster" Brandon and Max "are not known for not mentioning well -rich stars like Latin Hartthrobi", you will discover a new kind of sexual satisfaction that will only find a new kind of sexual satisfaction that only rough but still tender and passionate Comes with sex. No problem, there will be a proposal to establish the situation that sets a time to establish time that we really want to see: lust that all animals crave to satisfy the animals.
556 ::: Akira's Nightmare (2004) ::: adult ::: A beautiful black -haired woman suffers from nightmares as she dreams that she is a victim of Erghar, connecting, binding and calming the sleeping woman. When she wakes up, she discovers that her dreams were very real. In the second story, a brunette collection was seized to capture a rare collection by a thief who plans to steal films. When a blonde secretary attempts to intervene, she is quickly binding and caught next to the fast mail.
557 ::: The Woman from S.E.C.Re.T. (2016) ::: adult ::: When a masked intruder was abducted by an active member of the alien royalty, a secret government company sent her top agent to investigate her disappearance. For a long time, she was caught by another hooded villain, committing another safely, and became captive. Meanwhile, the alliance of superheroes assigns their own champion to protect innocent victims, but she drops into a victim of a bad clone and is disturbed, thrilled, and typical with a vibrator, where the villains are escaping.
558 ::: The Mole (2001) ::: adult ::: Two sexy spies question a Latin American woman suspected of being an enemy agent working as a mole in the agency. The woman is kept boundaries and is leaned into the basement between inquiries. Agents for the rival government occupy all three spies, and women are soon swinging from topless, handcuffed, GG and ceilings.
559 ::: Teagan vs Jenna (2009) ::: adult ::: Jenna Hand and a slippery presley competing in a way not directly. Jenna has two views with three. Jenna makes anal sex in the first two, and the risen makes it first. In the end, which of them did not win competition, but it was a unguided dispute, because it is a lot of jena's manifestations, so there are many minutes on the screen ...
560 ::: Get Me to the Church on Time (2001) ::: adult ::: Beautiful bride and her so beautiful bridesmaids are in shock when their limuing comes to transport them to the wedding. A woman bent on the revenge herself on the bride's family caught the true driver and left her tied and sad. So she and her henchman have the three gorgeous girls weakened and strictly peeled and ready to be whisked away to unknown points. In the second story, two women are trapped, tied and pierced. When they try to escape, the thus guarding them forces them to peel each other then unites them even tighter than before.
561 ::: 'A Bit' Too Much Too Soon (1983) ::: adult ::: Cindy's sexual waking ... woman filled with passion and passion !! Becky is a juicy and kavored teenager who starts sexual upbringing when it is involved in an interesting world of eroticism. He started at 18, and 21 to 21 was very busy.
562 ::: Slick Honey (1991) ::: adult ::: Nick Slick is a private eye obsessed with a secretary, Mona. After Mrs. Norton disrupts Slick's office with the next door sex clinic, Nick receives the work to explain to Mr. Norton, because she suspects her husband is not faithful. While Slick does his job, he discovers that Mr. Norton is Voyeur, at the same time that Mona discovers the other face of Mrs. Norton.
563 ::: The Confessions of Linda Lovelace (1977) ::: adult ::: "Linda Lovelace" (played by a double whose face is never shown) interviews for a work such as the concubine of a Sultan (Harry Rese). Flashbacks that attest their experience are represented by deep throat clips. It is only in these clips that the beautiful real love appears.
564 ::: Mommy Got Boobs 8 (2010) ::: adult ::: Porn anthology. "Football was wild in her mothers," two friends have a recently divorced guy. During his sons, a woman surprised her son during "stopping me down and hurt my mother." "Noofin expands more than a shower curtain," and a birthday girl is sexually involved. When "Nerd is on a simple fuk", the worst mother teaches his son's best friend about women. The young man from the heart in the "memory fingers" will find comfort in his former daughter's mother.
565 ::: Lesbian Babysitters 11 (2014) ::: adult ::: In the eleventh episode of this admirable series, a couple of Sandy's glamorous reality, a former model and Ariel, a fitness competitor after cancellation, loses everything. Their nurse, Rawon, takes care of the child who manufacturers have forced the couple to hopes to increase rankings. Sandy relies on beautiful Ravun and confesses his hope and fear while Ariel is dangerously close to a fitness customer. Raven fights with a growing enthusiasm and tries to keep this fragile family together.
566 ::: How to Seduce a Straight Man (2007) ::: adult ::: Four stories to seduce the right men: While their girlfriends are getting beer, a boy seduces his friend in the hot tub. Next, a drunk young man with marital problems sleeps in his friend Gay's house. Third, a muscular young man in the car controlling the girls finds a surprise in his friend's popcorn. Finally, a hypnotist takes a trip and finds a gay porn magazine in the sharing of the handle, which leads to an embarrassing situation later when caught taking another look at it!
567 ::: The Office: A XXX Parody (2009) ::: adult ::: Office manager Michelle introduces a camera crew for its focus at Dunder Muffin, where everyone seems to have relationships with each other. And when Michelle hires a stripper to give a talk about sexual harassment after Toby from the back of the HR Department, the atmosphere already sexually loaded into the workplace explodes.
568 ::: Action Lady Captured! (2015) ::: adult ::: When a woman will be arrested, Eriess Van Pot pum, Herine Placky is allowed, suffering and no help from nimesis. Before he can be free, the monitor monitores in Hapres Herice and determine the person who reads it and the exposure data is very important. Since the villain has six days to force a woman to speak, the Uxomie Beex is to be increasingly associated with the researcher to do well. Herone we can hold his sale when it makes someone shaking or again?
569 ::: Poor Little Rich Girl Part 2 (1994) ::: adult ::: The poor rich girl, Alexis Devell, has had her assignment cut by Crystal Wilder. Alexis has an opportunity to be a rich girl again instead of a poor rich girl, doubling the income of the dance club into topless of her uncle.
570 ::: O Filho do Sexo Explícito (1985) ::: adult ::: While filming a porn movie, the main actor comes in the actress and becomes pregnant. She sues the director and the producer, and raises her son alone. When he becomes an adult, he becomes a porn star and also accidentally comes in an actress.
571 ::: Tribute to the 50's (2003) ::: adult ::: First of all - Lindsay cannot wait for its large date. But instead of the "malt shop" he is abducted by a cruel alien and imprisoned in a tight bond, which is removed to a galaxy for fuel. Then, Lindsay played Betty Paigi's granddaughter in the story of missing photos, realistic clothing and tight ropes and gags.
572 ::: Tips n' Ass (2002) ::: adult ::: The three BUXOM waitresses for the famous restaurant chain are struggling with CROOK when a restaurant is opened in the morning. A woman with three shapes is struggling to release himself from cruel tight ropes and gags, but the thug goes to his criminal company. The other two women have a house invaded by a man on a lamb. To prevent the intruder from calling the police until he leaves the house, the woman is tied with a rope and is in contact with the ball.
573 ::: Crime Does Pay (2004) ::: adult ::: Two stories of police women in Bondage accident. The first two inexperienced police decide to investigate a case without backing up or informing their supervisors. The couple grabbed the couple and giggled, and left in the dunk basement, they realized their passage of their ways. In the second story, a young female police officer finds herself in the house where she is looking for a missing cheerleader. Unfortunately, she has found this invention and soon the women are drowning with cheers, thick cloth pieces and are struggling to escape after spilling their hostage as a prisoner.
574 ::: Nice n' Tight (1985) ::: adult ::: A busy motel becomes a fantasy floor for its residents. First, the porn producer Paul gives a spontaneous casting couch for a chamber machine. Long -for -grid Vicky wants her husband Harold to only spend her honeymoon in bed. Shyer Cowboy Beau hits his first Eskorte Sally Thompson. Young lovers reggie and Catherine have come out of control unite in a shop. Friends Nick and Ritchie rent a hooker. Nick wins her company through a coin tunnel, but she lets him invite Ritchie. Buxom Aunt Mrs. Robinson brought her younger nephew to sleep, but later it revealed that it was an hired act. Porn fans Alex and Jeff invite Pornstars Karen and Charmel into their room. After Karen and Charmel enjoyed, Alex Charmel and Jeff Karen get.
575 ::: Go Hostagettes! (2012) ::: adult ::: A pretty detective is sent hidden to investigate reports that the employee of a community college runs a pornography -Webcam website from her sports office. After the busty federal agent on the computer of a coach from other colleges on the computer of a trainer on the computer of a trainer was regarded, bound and gagged. In a short order, she is tied up with handcuffs, mature and forced to appear on his website as his latest cheerleading bondagette.
576 ::: Cheri (1974) ::: adult ::: After a warm and heavy association with her ex -boyfriend, the king of the buttons, John C. Holmes, Sherry meets another former lover with broken leg. EX does not have a problem to make his putz stand straight because Cheri gets it flows like a heater. Her friends participate in the neighborhood on Valentine's Day, then finally, everyone joins (we mean everyone!) Together in a good -style orgies; One of the best has been captured ever during the golden age of classic adult filmmakers.
577 ::: Splash Shots (1985) ::: adult ::: Restored for full length after more than a decade-in which every second unpaid scene of Kurt Marshall's burned scene with busy tennis coach Tom Mitchell-this sun-soaked sensual celebration leaves you tingling in anticipation In anticipation of those long summer days. This classic video shows men's fantasies. It will be left with spellbound and exhibited by the moments and sounds of a sexual intensity spread.
578 ::: Private Movies 27: Andromeda 121 (2006) ::: adult ::: Prototype stolen from annexia laboratory, Inc., and the consequences to bring the nationality care paralysis. Soon doctors, scientists, scientists, laboratory colleagues and journalists replace each of the perfect symptoms.
579 ::: Bareback Mountain (2006/I) ::: adult ::: As the video opens on the shot of five youths around the billiard table, two are looking at each other. Soon, they (Hunter and Jason) leave to go to their hotel room for sex. As the video returns to the billiard game, Turk and Winter start a new game with new rules ... strip pools. When the tiler clocks with the door and then masturbates, they quickly find gay sex. In the second set of scenes, before the tiler and hunter are comparing penis size in the hotel room. At this time Jason masturbates while looking at a door. Finally watching TV in Turk and Winter in another hotel room, discussing the previous encounter and their sexuality, before introducing the encounter. *** Spoiler *** Video closes on an optimistic note because the two cowboy Nevado holds hands by looking at the landscape.
580 ::: Don't Get Mad: Get Even! (2000) ::: adult ::: After three years in prison for embezzlement, a beautiful former ass has decided to take revenge on his two partners who kept him while he spent his time in stubbornness. This fraud, which is determined to retrieve looting, attracts its former partners and ropes and says they are hidden until they agree to tell him. The second story is a home invasion story in which the two young people are limited, kicked and held at the arms by a evil capture.
581 ::: The Coach's Daughter (1992) ::: adult ::: A high-school football team is scheduled for a game against a undefeated team from another school, and the coach of the team is sure his team will lose to the undefeated team. Her daughter comes with a plan to ensure that her father's team will win: she and many of her girlfriends will have sex with the members of the anti -team, resulting in so tired by the day of the game that they would be very tired. To Win.
582 ::: Pulp Friction (2007) ::: adult ::: What do a crime boss, a few gangsters and a girl named Lucy have in common? Well, the gangsters are supposed to collect a number of bad debts from these hot girls who owe them, but continue to give them sex instead ... Ah. And when one of the gangsters is assigned to watch the girlfriend of the crime boss, Lucy,, gets a little too close - there are even bigger problems.
583 ::: Katharina und ihre wilden Hengste, Teil 2 - Katharina, die Sadozarin (1983) ::: adult ::: The film took place in Russia in 1775. Catherine the Great is a ruler and stands in the midst of his power. However, the ruler is more concerned about the sexual activity of her judgment than the daily business. A horde of Cossacks led by Pugachev threatens the population of the country. The rebels are raging through the country. Meanwhile, the Queen in St. Petersburg enjoys group sexual orgies. A lieutenant from Vienna wants to release Russia from this situation and faces the bustle.
584 ::: Naughty Girls Like It Big (1986) ::: adult ::: In this classic sex flip, beauty gathers of physical beauty to discuss what they like in their men. Strangely, they all seem to love one thing - the men who are the term "well -dedicated" for them strong enough. They include each other's stories related to sex Shenanigans, which includes the equipment of the equipped with,
585 ::: The Milkmaid (1975) ::: adult ::: Satisfaction of the lactation nation two cans at once! This is frugal since the 70s of operation for sure. A single woman tells this story about the most memorable day of her life. He starts as a neighbor, Debra, whose husband is far away, comes to visit the bored housewife. The torturing Debra seduced the host in the erotic scene of lust and passion. Shortly afterwards, Sandy and her boyfriend Rick revealed a terrible dilemma. He seems to be unable to get excited and admits that he thirsts for a little breastfeeding - which nourishes the passions of the milk maid.
586 ::: The Young Marrieds (1972) ::: adult ::: The plot of Macho's husband who wants to loosen her "frigid" wife. The husband (Ben) is becoming more involved in his own resilience, while his wife (Ginny) turns out to be more open sexually, in ways he either does not know or cannot cope.
587 ::: Debbie Does 'Em All Part II (1988) ::: adult ::: Beautifully stunned with Randy West, Christie Lee, Love Friend, Falun, Mark Wallis and David Sanders. This is an adult movie that you have begun to make ... with beautiful games, blonde and bra Samantha, a powerful manufactured that gives XXX performance of "sex life" very active. Ready to make it unbelievable as he deals with the infamous and unsatisfactory abuse of that Wench Anton Annousxed and unfairly: Dubai! Following the incredible sensory success of the original version that sends adult video audiences to the appropriate ecstasy, we have created a sequel that is even more exciting and provocative than the original! He is whatever you have ever asked and more ... he is Dubai, and there is nothing unpleasant or evil until he feels good!
588 ::: Surfside Sex (1985) ::: adult ::: The summer heat at the moment of Malibu shines under the exciting sun when a group of uncomplicated orgasm groups converge in a beach house. The movement moves from the noble bedrooms to the beach front jacuzzi to the final tanning suite!
589 ::: Natural Instinct (2002) ::: adult ::: Feel the hunting like the beast in the jungle, he has sex with his will to a creature other than his will. Michael is not well known as Brands and "Mapsyk" and "Mauccher" and "Latin", you will open a new type of sexual gravity, it is very strict and harsh, but still delicious and passionate. There is no speaking, we don't really think about all animals before we set it.
590 ::: Dangerous Profession (1999) ::: adult ::: An intelligence agent is planning to arrest different double agents, but the secret sellers get the wind of the plan. They need to know who their schedule is, so they grab a bracket from permanent entry -level employees and try to force them to announce the information they need.
591 ::: An American Soldier 2 (2004) ::: adult ::: In this amateur video, the code is masturbated with four different views and fifth, the director. In the first two views it doesn't work. Third, it is with black joksat. On the fourth stage he does not return to the living room couch before he took it on his BDUS. The director's signature will help him briefly on this stage. On the fifth stage, the director appears mainly on the screen, mostly on screen, ridicule, codi, code, and operating skin.
592 ::: Temptations (1976) ::: adult ::: A beautiful former Shogirl is married to a rich young man who gives her everything she probably wants-except Sex. However, he enjoys seeing other beautiful women having sex, a service provided by his butler. When his wife finds out what he is doing, she plans to use Butler in a conspiracy to take revenge against her husband.
593 ::: Raw (2000) ::: adult ::: Jerry is an actor out of work, engaged to a very straight woman. A job advice from a friend turns out to be on the set of a porn film. When one of the actors does not reach, Jerry intervenes, becoming a porn star in the process. How will Jerry keep his lucrative career (with all the social benefits) a secret of his future wife?
594 ::: Grab and Bind of Blair Williams: A Fluid Conspiracy (2016) ::: adult ::: A long leg blonde has hidden a vial of precious liquid which wants to achieve frightening force. When she refuses to explain where it is located, the curvy Amazon is naked, which are bound in various stringent positions and are forced interrogated.
595 ::: Mommy Got Boobs 8 (2010) ::: adult ::: Porn anthology. In the "Mothers of the Gone Wild football" two friends seduce a recently divorced boy. In "Stop Bullying with and fucking my mother," a woman visits an irritant who chooses her son to teach her a lesson. In "Notthin gets a widespread moisture than a shower curtain", a birthday girl has sex with a male guest. In "Nerd to Studing in a simple fuck", a worried mother teaches her son's best friend to women. In "Memory Molders", a broken young man in the heart finds comfort in the wild bay of his ex-girlfriend's mother.
596 ::: All You Can Eat 3 (2006) ::: adult ::: Appears on the box cover than 'Rios Gangbang' to adjective. It will recommend that there is a boy and a global woman. Instead there is two scenes before it is already presented each one two men and seven women blame. A monokrom before each scene (a different color filter) visual identification (seven women) with a solo with a solo. This section takes two years before the first part. Color camera is located and seven in the middle of the boys (David cut and Tony Ribas come). Multiple remote, respective, fornses, and others. Certainly and how many girls do girls take in the boys at once. The second scene, the founding of Mannnie Ferrara and Steve Holz called in the same fashionable monokromoum.
597 ::: Summertime Blue (1979) ::: adult ::: Two delightful high school co-eds are determined that the last day and night of your summer vacation will be unforgettable. And it is certainly unforgettable that the girls reveal their happy data for this occasion, and the boys will in turn experience their summer experiences.
598 ::: Pledge Sister (1973) ::: adult ::: The new student Melanie, who is a TI disease, is approved as a new member of Capaderta, a female student club, by her untreated Swinger sister, Sheryl. However, Melanie must withstand a special secret body start ceremony before the first to participate in a female student club.
599 ::: Lord & Master (2003) ::: adult ::: Welcome to Frederick Haveli, where you come without any memory and leave without any trace, but when you are here, you presented a domining master and his son at leather, bond and S&M goes. Slaves hide their own, disappear by the father, and when he is discovered, can he convince others to rebel against his cruel pain?
600 ::: Délires sexuels (1980) ::: adult ::: Martin is a photographer who works for a high-class Hout-Coach Magazine, but sometimes he does some dirty photos for special customers to make a profit. As Sophie and Jean-Pierre, two models take photos of some of them naked in their studio naked. To get a break from his work, he picks up a peppe, a tramp from the street.
601 ::: Heroes (1984) ::: adult ::: Class Assignment: Write a 500 -word article on your hero. . (2) In the school library, Tony wrote about his elder brother Brandon, who joined the Wild Navy. IMAG has joined the Navy to show how much he has grown to his brother. Classmate Rob Daniels (attracted to Tony) the child sees himself happy and Tony knows about his absentee brother again. He slids under the table to add original sensations to the painting of Tony. . What's not to say is that they grabbed a large athlete after his shower and with the initiative of the gym, he found his bat for young male fans and found his unique will. . Cole promotes complete exposure. When Matt and Cole are looking for their new dynamic, Ridor Hanson walks on them, then Lee Thompson. The four meet together, then finding their activities and observed another walk-in student Cliff Rider.
602 ::: Prized Possession (1978) ::: adult ::: A series of very sexual events unfold in this bold tale told through the eyes of a man who remembers his most intimate thoughts. Erotica presented shifts from fantasy scenarios to unsparing sex, steam among people whose chemistry whose incarnation is unlimited. With a valuable note is the beautiful legend of Samantha Fox cinema which literally removes sheets in its loss in fiery fornication with Bobby Astry. Generally - a good mix of episodic sex that shows some very intense people.
603 ::: An American Soldier 2 (2004) ::: adult ::: In this amateur video, Kodi has been shot in four different scenes and fifth with the director. In the first two scenes, he is in work-out gear. In the third, he is in PTS with a black jockstrap. In the fourth scene he is in his BDU, before the shower and before returning to the living room couch. The director's hand briefly helps him in that scene. In the fifth scene, directors Dink, mostly off-screen, felts and rims appear in their models, Kodi, work-out sweat.
604 ::: Bareback Mountain (2006/I) ::: adult ::: While the video opens onto the photos of the five young men around the billiard table, two are making your eyes. Shortly, they (Hunter and Jason) leave to go to their hotel room for sex. While the video comes back to the billiard game, Turk & Winter begins a new game with new rules ... band pool. While Tyler looks at and masturbates from the door, they quickly discover gay sex. In the second series of scenes, Tyler and Hunter compare penis sizes in a hotel room before putting it. This time, Jason masturbates with a door while looking at them. Finally, in another hotel room, Turk & Winter watches television, discuss the previous meeting and their sexuality, before resuming this meeting. *** Spoiler *** The video closes on a note of hope while the two cowboys hold hands on a Nevado landscape.
605 ::: Stalked Roommates (2003) ::: adult ::: Two roommates saw that a man hangs them. They call the police, but before the cops arrive, a hulking thug breaks down in their house and ties it up and puts them. When a beautiful police officer arrives to rescue him, he soon connects with bondage in an unhappy pair. In the second story, a lovely young woman is kidnapped, forced to snatch and is strictly bound by her kidnapper.
606 ::: The Jelena-Trillium Bondage Showcase (2016) ::: adult ::: The busty Jelena Jensen returns to the Bondage modeling and is bound in Gauzigen lingerie and nothing at all. Newcomer Trillium is tied to a chair and then naked and praised at a dining table. Shorty Blonde Britney Amber is in an unpleasant position after a dispute with a photographer and is relieved of her clothing, tied the band and tied to the foot of a bed.
607 ::: Sexual Pursuit (1985) ::: adult ::: Classic 1980 The side includes a lighter tale boring couples, Tiffany Blake and Rick Savage, which experience new sexual conditions for friends who came to the city. Tangents, summer roses and Dyno Alexander stands on the east coast and stayed for a long time. Celebrate their return, Tiffany and Rick dinner owner. Table to Table Tiffany and Rick change one of one's porn career around one of one of friends and her new career. Recently, the action will be moved to a high age room, where the couple sees one of the tapes, and he sees one of the couple, and he has a companion. Next night after regrets appear, pairs cling to their partners tightly. A day later, Rick and Dino are on a sushi lining in Sushi Sushi, where Dallas Miko and Kristara Barrington loops. Hudkemers don't go for lunch for all people! That night with a new comfort with a walk with a new comfort and her men.
608 ::: The Interns (2010) ::: adult ::: The stubborn female publisher of a fashion magazine has an opening for an intern. The candidates for the position have to prove to her how much you want the job. Each of the girls knows that this could be a big step in their career, and they are ready to do everything to get the job.
609 ::: Bedtime Tales (1985) ::: adult ::: We are in 1915, where a young guy called Walter Peeps on his maid, Miss Cummings. Although annoyed at first, she decides to teach him to touch intimate parts in a safe way. When her sister enters, she asks to look and ends up making her brother deflower her. Continuing the liberal and rich way of 1925, two couples are open enough to lead a quartet. In the oppression of 1935, a woman benefits from his African-American maid. In 1955, a male coach took advantage of a cheerleader, while a coach used his hand to do the same for a jock. Finally, in 1985, a woman helped another woman to receive anal sex by a guy.
610 ::: 'Ginger' Does Em' All (1988) ::: adult ::: Set the air of gamblers, coorders, who practice the tour, the couple (Tom Hartley) is in the racket, no paper. They have many things and than they know ... Not only their secrets are similar; They both have one loved, ginger (Alicia mootet). Each time identifies others, end and shocks will be a viewer like the 'Ace into the cache'!
611 ::: Apocalypse Babylon (2003) ::: adult ::: Apocalypse Babylon was the first chapter of the "Greedlove trilogy" by Charley Crow (the second chapter is Black Angel Falls). The gangster Alejandro Biscotti has a mole in his operation, but the mole is the slightest of his concerns, since his true adversary is the rich mental control researcher Arthur Greedlove. Greedlove has a secret weapon: the sexy killer Zombie, Babylon.
612 ::: What Goes Around (2001) ::: adult ::: Two pretty young women decide to simulate a flight, but their plan turns against the burglars they have hired have other ideas once the girls are in complete safety and gagged. In the second story, two women, linked and helpless are threatened by a brunette waving a pistol.
613 ::: Deep Rub (1979) ::: adult ::: Simple plot, sensational sex. A massage takes different disguises to satisfy her clients. She disguised herself as a boat personnel, Chinese girl and an unknown motorist - whooa -full integrity is in work. The sex scene of Annett Heaven and the Desiri Coste is the most sensitive between two women. The final result will be given to her Master Massuse title and your overall satisfaction is guaranteed !!
614 ::: Story of Laly (2009) ::: adult ::: What do you do when your 15 -minute glory as a TV reality show star? As made by Jenna Louis made by the "Survivor" season, you can make and release a te -taught sex video. But, when your boyfriend is an adult movie actor Tristan Seagel, you have put your scenes high. Here is Lali, who starred in the season of the French reality show "Secret Story". There is really a plot, but there is a fetish theme with handcuffs and leather clothing. The three scenes of Lali are all with Tristan, but two of them are covered with a black leather pursuit of black leather. The rest of the cast is blended into different groups. A good adult film debut in the box cover is "probably the future ambassador of sex in France".
615 ::: What Gets Me Hot! (1984) ::: adult ::: By catching your mother's hunting flower then, the brain radar black miles to submit him to him at the same time and his friends. In the same time in the first time the tablespoon visitors for her first time. The sign of marking is not, the lady's radiator and the public is the public sex from her drug boyfriend in the park. In the pool area, the wife welcomes a good neighbor to the new neighborhood. In other way, neighborhoods be happy by the kissom mom. Dubai is with Kevin. Lenny water likes yourself while making outdoor sex with jeff. Debie gets raped by Mark Radar and Date of Debrity
616 ::: Playing with Fire (1995) ::: adult ::: Although these firm offers are hard to sleep, one without spot in Newbie tries to remove his own light. But in the end, it begins without the problem of the appetite in this engine! Look at such as these areas, such as these parts provides good for you to make you an request!
617 ::: Torrid Tales of Costume Bondage (2011) ::: adult ::: Six bondage vignettes with seven attractive ladies in distress. In the first story, two superheroes find themselves in a link with the kind permission of the dangerous diva of Supervillain. In the second tale, a sexy pirate is gagged, rolled up in several sexy positions and then revealed her breasts. In the third story, a charming daughter of Harem Annul a sultan and forced to contemplate the error of her tracks when she was attached and cleared. In the last three tales, a French maid, a ski rabbit and a girlfriend of a firefighter are roped and muzzled for the pleasure of viewers.
618 ::: The Confessions of Linda Lovelace (1977) ::: adult ::: "Linda Loveless" (played by a double whose face is never shown) interviews for a job as a Sultan (Harry Reems). Flashbacks associated with his experience are depicted by a clip with a deep throat. It is only in these clips that the real Linda appears loveless.
619 ::: Sisters (2006) ::: adult ::: Jessica is young and confused. She does not understand the strange feelings she had for her older sister. It is more than just admiration, she feels an overwhelming love for her. Without anyone to tell her about her desires, Jessica is lost in a whirlwind of emotions.
620 ::: Stuck at Home (2002) ::: adult ::: Two stories about bondage and gagage - in the first a Buxom -babe learns that she will have to work on Saturday, so she thinks about her plans to party the night before. Unfortunately, an intruder decides that her evening will not be relaxed at all. In the second story, the plans of two friends to go shopping and dinner are derailed by a masked goon with other ideas.
621 ::: Entering the Student Body (2005) ::: adult ::: After being fired from his pizza job, Dave decides to enroll in college. After being denied recognition of disgusting estimates, he decided to fuck the acceptance employee in the hope of changing his mind. Once recognized, he quickly finds a job as a teaching assistant to support his educational costs, but instead ultimately fucks his students. After a few weeks of this, Dave's grades begin to slide. He ruins all his classes, so he decides to see if he can make any extra loan by knocking one of his teachers. As he can't fuck all his professors, he decides to try to study at least one of his classes to maintain his middle D. He shakes the campus to find a hot, young friend factor, but in the end It fucks it before they even manage to hit the books. With his assessments and ethics, he is now summoned to the academic probation office for a final review before being fired from the university. Dave receives the bright idea of ​​trying to fuck the academic probation officer in the hope of staying at school.
622 ::: The Coach's Daughter (1992) ::: adult ::: A high school soccer team is scheduled for a game against an undefeated team from another school, and the team coach is sure that your team will lose to the undefeated team. His daughter comes up with a plan to make sure that her father's team wins: her and several of her girlfriends will have sex with the members of the opposing team, which results in that they are so exhausted by the day of the game that They will be too tired. gain.
623 ::: Bikini Bondage Battle (2013) ::: adult ::: Two bikini-clad girls fight for a valuable modeling contract, where both women are intention to end the competition leaving them to struggle on the floor. In other vignates, four nude beauties are trusted equally.
624 ::: Fever (1992) ::: adult ::: Cole Stevens is in love with Caroline Monroe in the first site. Then he begins to dream about it. He goes to a psychiatrist to prescribe repeated nightmares as he falls into the Monroe vagina. He was diagnosed as "Vaginago". The only treatment, to dive into the head first and conquer one's fears.
625 ::: Summertime Blue (1979) ::: adult ::: Two delightful high school co-eds are determined that the last day and night of your summer vacation will be unforgettable. And it is certainly unforgettable that the girls reveal their happy data for this occasion, and the boys will in turn experience their summer experiences.
626 ::: Poor Little Rich Girl Part 2 (1994) ::: adult ::: Poor little rich girl Alexis Devell has cut off her allowance by the malignant step coast Crystal Wilder. Alexis has one chance to be a small rich girl again instead of a poor small, rich girl - by double her uncle's topless dance club.
627 ::: Lesbian Babysitters 11 (2014) ::: adult ::: In the 11th episode of this much -praised series, a glamorous reality show couple consisting of Sandy, a former model and Ariel, a fitness competitor loses everything once their show is canceled. Their babysitter, ravens, takes care of the baby who shows that producers had forced it to have to have raised the reviews. Sandy leans on the beautiful raven and trusts her hope and fears when Ariel becomes dangerously close to an influential fitness client. Raven fights against her growing passion for Sandy and desperately tries to keep this fragile family together.
628 ::: Sista 25 (2008) ::: adult ::: Afraid Afro-Centrate's largest selling, all chocolate systems are here! Jax's chapters have been caught new and government, nicole, Sintam love's Susta, Missam's love, and popularity popularity popularity.
629 ::: Harem Girls (2001) ::: adult ::: Two quite a few odds were captured in the office of their advisor and a secure rope and enclosed. The helpless women are transferred to an abandoned warehouse where they are forced to replace their street clothes with Harem-Girl dresses. The frightened women are then canceled and again rammed into preparation for their new owner. In the second story, four magnificent plans for girls for the evening of an attempt at sexy lingerie suddenly change when an ex-conds decided to use her house for a hiding place and keep scary women in captivity.
630 ::: The Luv Game (1988) ::: adult ::: Lana Wright is looking for love in all appropriate places. Rachel is a legal eagle looking for an examiner. Terry cannot make up for her heart ... so she makes her bed twice. And how about a ballet face that meets a black stripper with a buff? If you want love -you need to connect with an LUV game !!
631 ::: Silk Satin Sex (1983) ::: adult ::: Valerie, the owner of the wealthy underwear company, invited many hopeful female employees to a separate private party. Valerie encourages all women to share their closest stories on how they met their husbands in her company.
632 ::: La vedova della Camorra (2006) ::: adult ::: These sex prisoners are serving a lot of time for their crimes. They were brought to different rooms in prison, told them to close and take the position! What else can they do, but go with it? In the second scene, there is a group of horny prisoners who place a better show for the guardian than he could get in a ribbon joining!
633 ::: Plaything (1995) ::: adult ::: Nicky is a photo of confidence. She is a very successful sexual therapist who can counsel with the help of a fantasy role. Like the role she is playing.
634 ::: Private Film 1: Anal Academy (1993) ::: adult ::: A general British school principal feels angry at the behavior of his six obscene students. They are flirting with the earthly man, male employees, and even among each other. A new French mistress is rented (Tabatha Cash), which controls his instructions and sympathizes with the ordeal of girls. They arrange a trick: narcotic coffee. While the main teacher is asleep in the employee room, the anal orbits around it and photographs are taken. Teachers and employees end up with happiness, with his dream partner.
635 ::: Brown Sugar Fuck Dolls (2016) ::: adult ::: Director Johnny Darkko presents the other side of the interracial action! In the "brown sugar fuck" dolls, stunningly wonderful and glittering ebony wild, hooked and laugh at the camera, then enjoy passionate mergers with the kind assistance of the huge, white cock of Marcus Dupri. Dressed in an ensemble for neon fish that shows her large, natural boobs, the charming young Anya Ivy vehicles of the Caucasian Rhodes and worships Marcus meat until she shows her magnificent sperm face. Brown sugar goddess Yasmin de Leon spreads oil on her massive cheeks on the ass until they shine; She gets a ruthless ass that ignites and removed his throbbing meat on the throat. Havana Ginger models a pink body with a fish net that reveals its huge, round nails and prey. After a fierce session of Sodomy, Havana enjoys a hot mouth of JIZ. Caramel Tenana Tenan Tenan Tamba Tenan gives Marcus a pomp to be strokes until it is covered with its own blade; She takes a pussy that was beating, which leaves her to whine with pleasure.
636 ::: Bikini Bondage Battle (2013) ::: adult ::: Two bikini-clad girls fight for a valuable modeling contract, where both women are intention to end the competition leaving them to struggle on the floor. In other vignates, four nude beauties are trusted equally.
637 ::: Mommy Got Boobs 8 (2010) ::: adult ::: Porn anthology. "Football was wild in her mothers," two friends have a recently divorced guy. During his sons, a woman surprised her son during "stopping me down and hurt my mother." "Noofin expands more than a shower curtain," and a birthday girl is sexually involved. When "Nerd is on a simple fuk", the worst mother teaches his son's best friend about women. The young man from the heart in the "memory fingers" will find comfort in his former daughter's mother.
638 ::: Crime Does Pay (2004) ::: adult ::: Two tales during boiling. He decides to investigate the first doubled police officers without informing the provision or notifying their leaders. When the pairs are involved, they realized that when they were bound, bound and left in the Dank. In the second stage, the police officer was looking for a lost fun and left him in the house. Unfortunately, he opened opening, and women also tried to escape to leave with a thick cloth, covered with thick cloth, thick cloth, and their arrest is observed.
639 ::: Claudio und seine Gespielinnen (1979) ::: adult ::: Claudio is a businessman who has different sexual enterprises, both going about his daily work and leisure, participating and dreaming. In his enterprises and dreams his secretaries, an apartment part in front of his Office Fiss, a friend and his wife, a photographer who is taking his picture, participates in a party hosted by Claudia Mehri, and includes sexual adventures, while he Observing Village made at some Mediterranean resort.
640 ::: Truth or Dare (1993) ::: adult ::: Hyapatia and Marc are a couple like many - they enjoy having other couples for coffee, cocktails and occasional dinner. But this night was different. There will be no secrets on this night. Without hidden meanings. Nothing left without cover - starts from their bodies.
641 ::: Chic '69 (1971) ::: adult ::: Lenny, a gigolo, gets a call from his girlfriend Sissy, who complains that her friend is wrong with a sexpot called Sherry. Lenny sets off to seduce Sherry and save Sissy's relationship with her friend, but Sherry is a little more than he negotiates.
642 ::: Mile Bi Club (2001) ::: adult ::: The peripheral Airways flight is loaded with a group of beautiful and men, including the crew, "was lightly booked" and all "shocked" to the first degree. The real couple of the couple Troy and Hully Halston for the first time on the screen are the first occupants of the entire plane to join the Mile Hi club in the luxury flight, but then, it is boycotted "because of the forgetfulness of the lock on the door and" incompatibility "held by the male passenger, only to join Mile 'bi' club in the trio. The procedure continues from there in pairs/trilogy from each group possible (even pilots in the cockpit and guest in the kitchen) including the amazing orchids in the main cabin ... that lead us to the question ... who flies airplane?
643 ::: Ginger (1985) ::: adult ::: A rich old man will not give his grandson his heritage unless the grandson marries and produces an heir. The lawyer for the old man Roger suggests hiring an agency as Roger did for the youngest secretary under his office. The old man auditions three women. Only the "competitor" Ginger refuses to undress and even ends up hitting the old man. It gives her victory and she is sent to the kitchen, so Cook Tamayo would show her how to combine food with sex. The fashion designer Mr. Marvell then measures Ginger for lingerie, which soon obtains them intimate. The French teacher Mr. Labouche arrives to find the lisa maid being happy. The maid claims to be a ginger to deceive him in sex with her. The servants and ginger deceive a dance teacher to undress. He soon leaves Ginger alone with the butler Marlowe. During a party, Ginger agrees to become intimate with Mr. Labouche but also invites Marlowe. Meanwhile, Cook Tamayo is with the guest festival William Walker, while Maid Lisa is seduced by the harassment of Mr. Marvell.
644 ::: Lady Dynamite (1983) ::: adult ::: Although the wife's doctor is the type who prefers to take off her clothes and inject her at the back, his routine examination reveals that she suffers from gonorrhea. Knowing that she can only obtain her from her husband, separating from him and immediately escalating a lover. After that, she visits her friend's sister and tells him that she finally wants to be more than friends. Then the wife goes to a sexual party for women only. Ultimately, the party hosts male male lifes who have even managed to transfer a lesbian guest. Then the wife agrees to forgive the husband if he gave her the same passion that she says must have given his lovers. But it turned out that she only wanted to know what his passion felt before he left him forever.
645 ::: Layover (2001/II) ::: adult ::: Two beautiful flight attendants rest during a routine tap until a racket collapsed and overwhelmes the women on the run from the mob. He quickly binds and cums the ladies and decides to kill the time by stroking the bound beauties. In the second history, two nurses who work in the night shift are captured and forced to open a safe for the crook, and are then released while the thief takes short vacation.
646 ::: Dangerous Diva's Adorable Damsels (2016) ::: adult ::: A well -formed masked criminal steals a jacket that once belonged to Elvis Presley from a collector and intimidates an investigation reporter who seeks to learn the true identity of the thief. Both the collector and the journalist end safely, gagged, naked and tormented by the thief covered in black.
647 ::: Aberraciones sexuales de una mujer casada (1981) ::: adult ::: Cecilia is a disgusting aristocratic class that prefers to humiliate her servants. One day, his life completely changes because he is raped by three of his servants. The experience becomes a pleasant because it transforms Cecilia into a sexually free woman. She assures her husband that her relationship will improve by looking at other people. But after a while, this sensual life seems to have a negative aspect.
648 ::: Private Schoolgirls (1983) ::: adult ::: Shauna Grant leads the cast and plays a bad girl once. She is driven out of her school for sex with sharp equipped than Stephens in the men's room and is therefore registered in the strict all Girls Academy of Mrs. Marmelstein. Her Escapade continues in her new stay at the private school for young ladies ...
649 ::: Layover (2001/II) ::: adult ::: Two attractive flights are restful during the actions that do something continues until the running is running from women. It connects women quickly and determine waste from the skin. In the second article, the two nurses working at the safariblical operation for crook, then it is allowed to avoid it when a thief is making his authority.
650 ::: Stalker (2008) ::: adult ::: What happens when two women meet in an adult movie when one is a star and the other is unknown? Well, each of them wants what the other does not have: its freedom. Her sexual life. Its openness. Her life. Elie Kroos, winner of the AVN Award, offers the best director of chase and film, from Hunter and Hentter, possession and obsession. Surveillance.
651 ::: Knock Out Bondage #9 (2004) ::: adult ::: The closure of nails in 9 batting on 9-batting, we follow a series of a series of white slavery. On the first story, Mary Jane and Charlie seems interesting in linjiri because they provide to model at the fashion program. But, it's all a network, sorted by white slash and drowning gas knocking gas room. They try to escape in the middle of a couple of floors, but they are before it comes too soon. They have been passed in hard locations of the side, pulled with tape. In 0, Jankia and Antasia are applied for a job ... but, what do you think? The job is closed and girls run off after absence of absence drink. To wake up them, now in linjri, are closed in a cruel situation. In our third story, it's just one more day for the Sunnah and the pen ... until male raiders show both girls in once. When enters the Mary Jane Jenn, she meets the same fate. Triangle has been secured safely and wasted. The new model saashaa looks hot as a watuser on orange short and white head. Bass land to connect the chloromps and he communicates in the most uncomfortable position before pulling her top. Sasa then clip clip is the uteurate while still bound. In the final story, Jewel is only at work at work when enters a childder and burn her with neck. The injured goes and fabric has been completed.
652 ::: My Boyfriend's Back! (2003) ::: adult ::: After having learned that her boyfriend is on the run of the law, the curved brunette decides to have nothing to do with him - but his `` ex '' will not take for an answer, even if he owes chloroform, link And gag the woman to keep her. In the second floor, a blonde is completely intimidated when a burglar breaks in his house and steals the contents of the sage - but worse is still to come. Linked to a chair and the ball, she could only wait in silence as a human bait for her boyfriend who has serious problems with the crowd.
653 ::: F.I.L.T.H. Hunters (2005) ::: adult ::: The rang's satest and industry to create a series, f.i.l.l.h.h.h, who throws the ninth tale, but her friend, alla, don't want anything with them. James is tired of his 9 to 5 life and his favorite family. Sophia and her husband Frank lost noise in their love life. But it's all about change ...
654 ::: Sisters (2006) ::: adult ::: Jessica is young and confused. She does not understand the strange feelings she had for her older sister. It is more than just admiration, she feels an overwhelming love for her. Without anyone to tell her about her desires, Jessica is lost in a whirlwind of emotions.
655 ::: Heroes (1984) ::: adult ::: Classification: Write a 500-point article on your hero. (1) Danny followers are involved in the phase with a jaggering rock Bunton rack bunnia, which is later joined (which gets privilege). (2) At the school library, the Tuniovius writes about his elder brother Brandon that joined the navy. He missed him, he remembers himself to remember the sea to show his brother to show how much he grows. The classmates of classmates are looking for a child (Tony Animalz) to Slip the Baby under the table to add real feelings to tinny reactions. (3) The Star Pether Stop How He and Jami Jim Bettlea has arrived to the Baseball Rocky Team Karimmer. Not saying what they only have a great hero and, a large hero and, loves my bit for young men. (3) Mr. Tyler before the back with supporters, only in finding it that the mat is hot for the teacher. Can inspire complete exposure. As the Matt and to explore their new dynamic, sodar Hanson moves in them, as lefson is going. All four together, after this then gathered and enjoyed by other authority, Kelph Word.
656 ::: Naked Revenge (2000) ::: adult ::: After two beautiful whisperants informing the illegal activities of their employer and in remote countries are bound, they are waiting for their fate. In the second story, two roommates have been forced to be published by the frustration that has secret agenda for her poor victims.
657 ::: Indieboyz Trashed (2009) ::: adult ::: Hot Young Indie children are found in the rhythm of funky tunes and hip thrusts, are ready and waiting to pull a beautiful boy out of the party and some intense sex for some intense sex that will leave anyone tired . But not these people - they go back to the dance floor and party more difficult than ever!
658 ::: Genie's Dirty Girls (1987) ::: adult ::: Debbie, Marcy and Linda are three hot gars, who, as they sit around talking about their disappointing love lives, accidentally create a jinn that is locked up on their TV. He says he will give their desires if he will help him remove his curse, which involves their sexual favoritism. Their desire is to fulfill their final sexual fantasies. Debbie wants to do it with a famous rock star, while Linda returns imagining herself of a high -power executive, served by her female secretary (and all office cleaning crew. She wants Linda to join her as she becomes a high -fashioned model that entices a photographer. In the middle of these scenarios, genie -Peter north -boffs each gal and gets more than his rubbed lamp, thus breaking his curse.
659 ::: Hung Country for Young Men (2008) ::: adult ::: It is located somewhere outside the I-40 in the hot and dusty city of Weed, New Mexico. Along the way, we meet the owner of the RoadHouse Local Salon who has a romantic scene with a romantic with a beer delivery man, and three of the righteous shepherds who end up on Road 3 in the salon men's room. The last scene is more than one way!
660 ::: Electric Blue 42 (1986) ::: adult ::: A bookworm receives a medieval book and accidentally represents a beautiful magician. Through her magic and guidance he tries to win the heart of a modern princess, she is humiliated by the opponent for her throne.
661 ::: Prized Possession (1978) ::: adult ::: A series of very sexual events unfold in this bold tale told through the eyes of a man who remembers his most intimate thoughts. Erotica presented shifts from fantasy scenarios to unsparing sex, steam among people whose chemistry whose incarnation is unlimited. With a valuable note is the beautiful legend of Samantha Fox cinema which literally removes sheets in its loss in fiery fornication with Bobby Astry. Generally - a good mix of episodic sex that shows some very intense people.
662 ::: Sex Play (1984) ::: adult ::: The disappointed secretary of famous actor Jeff Justice allowed his female friends to kidnap and rape her. For distraction, a tabloid reporter decided to offer his boxom body to Jeff Justice's personal exploiting guard, hopefully the kidnappers would prove rumors of Jeff Justice's impotence only.
663 ::: Good Morning, Taija Rae (1988) ::: adult ::: Taija passes her beach holiday while he hopes Jerry has Taija, Buck has Taija, Fallon, Taija and Ariel have each other and the boys! This is a superstar and super erotic story of love and lust ... What a way to get up in the morning!
664 ::: Pulp Friction (2007) ::: adult ::: What do a crime leader, a couple of gangsters and a girl named Lucy have in common? Well, they are supposed to gangsters must collect some uncollectible debts of these hot girls who owe them but continue to give them sex instead ... Oh, well. And, when one of the gangsters assigned to see the bride of the chief of the crime, Lucy, is too close, there are even greater problems.
665 ::: Stalked Roommates (2003) ::: adult ::: Two roommates notices a man staring at. They call the police, but before the police arrive, a Hawking thugs break and bind them and bind them. When a beautiful police officer comes to save them, she soon joins the unhappy pair in bondage. In the second story, a cute young woman is kidnapped, forced to strip and tightly bound and bound by her prisoner.
666 ::: Brazilian Holiday 2 (2005) ::: adult ::: It begins with some of Brazil's hottest unquenchable stud that provides nonstop cruzing, down and dirty man-to-man sex. They continue to leave their steam -filled and sweat -filled leave by the ocean, while muscle hunk Marcello Cabral stars have a great performance for your pleasure in two scenes. While going to a hot place of a holiday, Pablo Picso cannot resist and raise the grand Ricardo Kaif who stand on hiking of road bottlenecks. Joel Guamburg is also looking out of his balcony and feels heat when he sees his friend Lifeguard Marcello Cabral and stops to tell Hi and RelaxX to his surprise. Meanwhile, somewhere else, chocolate sensation Sergio Dorado may not be sufficient for the bubble ass of Mathius Regiment - Back to the beach to save some life, Marcello Cabral Cabral was able to save the hunger bottom gabriel duperate that was just solved Waiting to get.
667 ::: Masters of Discipline (1975) ::: adult ::: Timothy and Jason are brothers. They specialize in the art of captivity and order. They are forced from a strange and sophisticated tendency to abuse and abuse of stray girls. This abnormal coercion, related to their fanatical religious beliefs, makes them link their sister together. This is one of the discussions in the film: "Dodge Dress!" Timothy and Jason made him savage and angry by a micro mini secretary. In an isolated area of ​​forests, they are alternately and repeatedly attacked. They end their torture with an incredible "double gold shower scene". At the end of the film, Timothy and Jason meet with their worthy destiny, but not before they kidnap a young mother, keep their captives and perform "abnormal" actions. The "Milk Scene" is almost unbelievable. Master of discipline is not a documentary, but it document many types of abnormal sexual behaviors. Psychiatrists have dealt with the personality dysfunction of such injured people, and in many cases say the mental growth results have been arrested. The purpose of this film is to enlighten and educate adults who may be interested in understanding captivity and discipline.
668 ::: Hardcore Threesomes (2017) ::: adult ::: Prepare for the best three -way festival you have ever seen. Hard X is proud to present "hardcore trios" with wild and intense sexual scenarios. In this case, three is definitely not a crowd. Starring Romi Rain, Vicki Chase, Elsa Jean, Gina Valentina and more. Directed by Mick Blue. Do not miss this hot launch.
669 ::: Panty Gagged (2009) ::: adult ::: A woman bets on her friend that she can avoid being tied in a spread, but loses stakes, two roommates fall prey to a borgler, who binds them before making their migration and strangled them Gives, a woman gets furious to borrow a sexy suit for a date and after tying the woman tightly and gag finds her way, a cute blonde finds herself tied in a box-tie While his friend takes his clothes and his date and a thin tennis player is safely bound. She cannot participate in a championship match.
670 ::: Family Heat (1985) ::: adult ::: A flight of a farmer and the food eaten food is not just a fever! And put it on food or on the side of the smallest things that are hard to get their advice! The negative buffy davis workers, and the HEGA SEVENSHIGHT HAPPEN HOUSE CHALLENGE AT TRUE DOW YOU TAKE ARE YOU make a crop of the head! Filmed on the real angeles taven, a special and very exciting and cooking. This is one of the restaurants that live in his intention: "The customer carries first first!"
671 ::: "Divine Bitches" (2009) ::: adult ::: A mom is concerned about his youth son to have difficulty delivery of muscles, because he is having difficulty with her body because he is comfortable and he is facing him Tap and gently pointing and grow to your prostate massage as soon as possible. By surprise, he hurried him with wondering and started his prostate and dry him. As he turns in bed and from losing the comfort what he was asking if he regularly can do for him.
672 ::: La vedova della Camorra (2006) ::: adult ::: Servants of Servants are a challenging responsibility for their crimes. They are brought together in prison, urgent in prison, face the situation! What else will they do and go with it? In the second position, there is an affiliate prisoner that spends a better museum for Warden to get to the ankle!
673 ::: Head Nurse (1973) ::: adult ::: The staff of the city hospital in New York is engaged in all kinds of behavior of Kinky and Kozhtain, and the leather Dr. Rogers will not only break the skulls, but also sexually interacted, and the corpse Nurses are involved in lesbian couplings with each other.
674 ::: Double Czech (2000) ::: adult ::: A sensual journey of lust and love, "Double Czech" sees the twin brothers in real life Karel and Jirka Bartok on a walk of discovery, which eventually leads them to the man with whom they really long to share their intimacy ... with each other. For the first time, these twins in real life will share everything on screen.
675 ::: Lust & Desire (1996) ::: adult ::: Lust and Desire, Two Las Vegas Strippers, witness to a murder committed by Lust's Gangster -friend. Fleeing for their lives, they resort to a family of Hillbillies. In the meantime, the murderous friend and one of his goons try to detect the girls to silence them.
676 ::: Racquel Released (1992) ::: adult ::: A stalker spies Racquel Darrian while swimming naked in her swimming pool. Stalker follows her to a shady bar and looks at how she has lesbian sex with the Resident Sleaze Bag (Trixy) for the locals. Trixy then takes her new trophy to an orgy with one of the local men. Trixy participates while racquel watches and is more excited. Local man finishes Racquel. Stalker Guy, however, is by the window and looks at his dream girl. Racquel apparently spends the night. The next morning Racquel is at home to admire her naked body in the mirror. Stalker Guy has been broken into. He chases her. After she caught her, she pretends she is fighting. We then understand that it is her husband, who apparently likes to see his beautiful woman go with strange men and lesbians. He is approaching her, despite the fact that three different men grab her a few hours earlier. He then hits her.
677 ::: Head Nurse (1973) ::: adult ::: The staff of a New York hospital indulge in all kinds of naughty and breathtaking behaviors: Dr. Madcap, Dr. Millstein, obtains with various nurses, Dr. Rogers unleashed not only a skull and violates the test tubes, but Also sex with sex with sex with sex with sex with a corpse, and nurses participate in lesbian mating with each other.
678 ::: 'n schot in de roos (1983) ::: adult ::: Mamera and her husband was brighter because she wanted him to join. Marca is revenge by attempting sexual activity of his choice, including Louise's girlfriend.
679 ::: Hollywood's Nailin' Palin (2010) ::: adult ::: While Sarah Palin invited for ITION Dation for a movie about his life, he faces Tina fees competition. CSI: After Vasila's untreated visit, we meet with Sarah and as a David Hesselhoff judge with Sarah and "Next Top Governor of America". Next, he interviews Master ILL F -Iluson Chris Angel and Levi Johnston on his own show, "Sarah". Sarah eventually acts in a film for Hustler directed by Axel Brown.
680 ::: Cruising It (2003) ::: adult ::: This sexual video begins with Eric wanders on the way when it takes Jerry. The lack of a strong destination, Jerry returns to the Eric and Shawn painting at night. The next day, after Sean separated with Eric, Eric, Jerry and three other friends they leave on a highway in the Pacific coast towards Mexico. While they travel, Eric comrades find sexual adventures and leaving the road trip. Until Jerry is only left experienced with Eric ...
681 ::: Grab and Bind of Tera Patrick: The Perils of Tera (2013) ::: adult ::: When a beautiful actress refuses to participate in the role of the film offered by a connecting producer, the Mogul refuses to accept "no" as a response and seize the brewer of the bushes, and forced the star to show the many Its axis on the film while it is tightly tied, gagged and in several stages of undress.
682 ::: Electric Blue 42 (1986) ::: adult ::: The bookworm receives a talisman book in the Middle Ages and accidentally evoked from the beautiful witch. Through her charm and directives, he tries to win the heart of the modern era of the modern era who is about to be a competitor to her throne.
683 ::: Rear Gunners (2006) ::: adult ::: This amateur video presents Brock in two scenes. He is first naked on the bed with Cole. Second, he is twinned with Dean on the living room sofa while Kody and Hoss are twinned in the same room on the romantic seat. But during the first eleven minutes, the camera presents Brock & Dean exclusively because they become slowly fringent, even though the other two speak in the background. Then they go to the shower. Once this scene is finished, we return to Kody & Hoss, but surprisingly at these first eleven minutes again, although from a second camera. However, they continue to occur orally, until suddenly all four are staged on this sofa for the climate scene. At the conclusion, Flamingo speaks to his men all seated together naked.
684 ::: Laid in Heaven (1991) ::: adult ::: When a gorgeous vigine (ashlyn gere) slips into the tub on her wedding night, she gets an ultimatum at the pearl gates ... Consume your wedding in 24 hours or you can't get inside! So it's back to the ground for a whirlpool lesson in birds, bees and bofka!
685 ::: Turning the Paige (2000) ::: adult ::: The owner of a detective agency decides to fire her Buxom assistant when the innocent girl robs himself again by the companies. Before a new temperature from the Employment Agency can be sent, the female detective is chloroform, bound, closed and filled in the trunk of the car. Unable to escape, she faces an uncertain future.
686 ::: Tough Competition (1984) ::: adult ::: The very dominant swimmer Peter Evans wins gold for the United States. A former gold medallion swimmer who has become interviewed Peter, but can hardly wait to reconnect with past glory by doing it with him in the locker room. Not satisfied, Peter goes to the parking lot to manage in a unlocked car. When the owners of mother and sons, thinking that he is a thief at work, comes on him, the mother rushes to go get a cop while the son, discovering the truth, joins Peter, serving the swimmer before the sodomize. Peter then visits the hotel room of his coach after being almost attacked for his USA team jacket. While Peter rests in the room, another athlete comes to call, putting a new turn on the term "best coach" by the background for him (which seems a regular event between these two). Their groans awaken Peter who, looking from the door, is excited by the activity but who is not interested in them, so he decides to put one in his own reflection in a mirror. Now he is ready to celebrate his victory with his teammates, with champagne and an orgy.
687 ::: Labbra vogliose (1981) ::: adult ::: While her older sister Honeymoon Tour du Monde is away with George, Kolge Ledge girl Julie decides to stay at her boarding school on holidays. Her teacher and gardener Chris have sexual confrontation before being sent home by the headmaster. Meanwhile, her sister is back from her world tour, and Julie is introduced to George and her secretary Deborah. Julie secretly sees her sister and George has sex at night. He gives himself joy when listening to the next night. In the morning, a mysterious dildo turns on his bed; Julie was shocked by acts, and so does everyone else. Julie Deborah is tempted (when George sees a slapstick movie on the TV), manages to enter the bed, and spin a conspiracy against it that results in fired. She then had sex with strangers ... with a person in the first car, whose name became Robert later. Later, it gives a hit to three consecutive delivery men. One night, George, his wife and Deborah are Julie at the sex party. Everyone is in buff but for black caps and face masks. There, they get to meet Robert and Chris, while a black woman starts dancing and warms the atmosphere. An orgies heard. Later, after her sister left for work, Julie talks about her love for her with George. She says she has noticed from the beginning, and they have gone out. But then Julie's sister comes back, and something is going to be terrible.
688 ::: Good Morning, Taija Rae (1988) ::: adult ::: Taija spends her vacation on the beach while waiting for Jerry Taija. Buck has Taija, Fallon, Taija and Ariel and the boys! This is a superstar, a super erotic story of love and lust ... What a way to get up in the morning!
689 ::: Ginger (1985) ::: adult ::: Bay wealth does not inherit his grandson, if his grandson married and not produced. The old man offers to hire an agency like Roger Roger, which he did for his two-year secretaries. The old man checks three women. Only "contestant" goggra will remove the bar, and even refuses to beat the old man. It will win her and it shows how to cook it in the kitchen, so Tamayo can be mixed with sex. Then Mr. Fashion designer Marvell, soon weigh them in the near future they measure ginger for underwear. The French teacher Monsie Labyus arrived in his own lisa. Made seems to have her ginger to have sex with her. Cheating of servants and ginger dance teachers. He soon sanked the ginger alone and the Bless Marlow. During the evening, the ginger agrees to be close to Labyush, but he invites Marlow. In addition, food dining in Tamayo with hotels with hotels, and Mai'd Lisa Marvell will be tempted by Mr. Lisa Marvel.
690 ::: Délires sexuels (1980) ::: adult ::: Martin is a photographer who works for a high -quality auto couture magazine, but sometimes special customers take dirty photos to make a profit. When two models, Sophie and Jean-Pierre, escape from naked themselves in the studio, she takes a picture. In order to get a break from her job, she picks up a playing card Pepe from the street.
691 ::: Not Three's Company XXX (2009) ::: adult ::: Jack Tripper loses his job, so Cricie can get one flyer and pay the rent. However, Janet & Jack misunderstand Cricie's words and believe she is working as a streetwalker. Meanwhile, Rally moves to Lana, Cricie's sister Madison visits, and a new maintenanceman Ralph Farie hits a tenant apartment's call girl.
692 ::: Big Favors (1985) ::: adult ::: A empty house, which is for sale becoming the opening scene of one of the worst sex scenes matched in history, mostly, because Vince Thomas, who was all night, before being shot This movie, making drugs during an orgy pool feast, he looked completely out of contact with his surrounding reality, trying to agree with him with the bottom blond shadow Joyce was a big mistake, this movie is terrible.
693 ::: Mouth Watering (1986) ::: adult ::: In the end, we are all waiting for! Thomas Pain comes down to the basics. Mouthwatering fills your senses with the most beautiful array of sexual floors you've ever seen. A perfectly joyful, delicious rump, whose effects will make you lick your lips by imaginations to torid the scenes of love. Here is a warm action to seduce someone's palate and quit watering your mouth! 1
694 ::: Panty Raid (1984) ::: adult ::: The best thing about shorts is to remove them! Passmade is the name of the game and aims to enter the girls' shorts. Now, getting a piece of donkey is one thing, but Barry and Peter are not just interested in any donkey. They just look for young faces and bodies that don't leave! Panty Raid, a story about the past.
695 ::: Summer School (1979) ::: adult ::: When Jamie's boyfriend brought him to sex, he will leave it off to summer school, where it is not clear. After sex Jamie, he has sex, he is sexually attracted to Jock, he asks two gardners of Mary to have sex from two gardners. Sandy later deletes Jamie in the shower. In addition, the polula will delete the teacher during the field trip. Jamie reduces James to prepare for his initiative. Finally, his initiative is the professor victim Professor Daurah. He decided to hate him because he was a dominant party. He became the heir of Paula Paula, in different directions - as a saver leader. Jamie, senior school siger of senior school, senior school siger of high school, has sex before going to a farewell and a private girls boarding school. Jamie wants to join his friends, but he wants to know that he had a loving initiative, but lovingly, but with the Witnesses, Kumanu, Kumants, students, students with students. Jamie has sex - a very popular sport and experience that wakes up with a girl in the shower. Now he is ready for his initiative, he knows that he attracted the school teacher, professor Deah. Jamie accepts trouble and exercise with a star's star playlet. Jamie is a master with a professor to a master of his bedroom. Jamie becomes his intelligent sister and charges. Jamie steps into his office and falls to himself, so close to himself, so close ..... 'Now what about new rules?'
696 ::: The Woman from S.E.C.Re.T. (2016) ::: adult ::: When the outbreak of an out -of -world royalty member is abducted by an intruder, the secret government agency departs its top agent to investigate its disappearance. A long time ago, she was caught by another hooded villain, which is still securely tied and held hostage. In the meantime the connection of superheroins entrusts their own champion to protect innocent victims, but it will suffer a vague clone and protect the vibrator, while it will do the best, when the villain escapes.
697 ::: Double Czech (2000) ::: adult ::: The delicate journey of lust and love, "Double Check" real -life twin brothers carel and zirca bartoks in a walk, which eventually leads to a person who is really a long time to share intimacy. For the first time, these real life twins share everything on the screen.
698 ::: Naked Revenge (2000) ::: adult ::: After two beautiful whistleblowers have informed the police about the illegal activities of their employer, the Doe-Goods are kidnapped and forced into a remote house where they are bound to wait for their fate. In the second story, two roommates are forced to rid naked by a burglar who has a hidden agenda for his helpless victims.
699 ::: Bad Timing (2000) ::: adult ::: Three office workers are captured, linked and gagged by a mysterious woman who is very effective with the nodes. The girls manage to escape, however, rather than calling the police or leaving the premises, they decide to give a taste of their ravish of their own medication. Unfortunately for the curved lassies, their plan turns spectacularly and soon the four women are seated on a sofa wrapped in rope and the silence of adhesive tape or fabric.
700 ::: Hollywood's Nailin' Palin (2010) ::: adult ::: When Sarah Palin is invited to the audition for a movie about her life, she faces Tina Fey competition. After an unrelated visit to the CSI group: Wasilla, we cling to Sarah while she and David Hasselhoff judge in the "other Governor of the US of America". Next, she interviews the master of Illusion Chriss Angel and Levi Johnston in her show, "Just Sarah". Sarah finally ends up stirring in a movie for Hustler directed by Axel Braun.
701 ::: Cathouse Fever (1984) ::: adult ::: Secretary Becky based on shy and back-up Los Angeles, sex-life and interesting. Not dissatisfied with image imaginations, Bekkiy decides to leave Bekky Los Angeles and hopes to find a sensitivity in his life in his life in his life in his life.
702 ::: Surfside Sex (1985) ::: adult ::: The summer of summer's temperatures in Sexy suns and the sexy sun when slapping group of uncomfortable groups appear in the beach's house. The action that passes from the high bedroom to the beach in Jane Fanning Sweat
703 ::: Model Students (2002) ::: adult ::: After several beautiful chickens disappear from most beautiful players, the police sends to their pretty police officer to go to school to reach out to the bottom of the captain. Soon he approached him compared to her and found that women all women were outred to the star in narrowd bands.
704 ::: Love Secrets of the Kama Sutra (1970) ::: adult ::: A young couple who have trouble with their marital/sexual life visit an Indian Guru on their reservation and ask for help. He then teaches them about the various aspects of love, as described in the ancient Indian texts of the Wattsian Kama Sutra. Many of the positions and positions are displayed by different executives on the screen on the screen. After they were directed through ancient sexual behavior (not all books are covered here, and not with graphic detail), the couple leaves the enlightenment. But before they enter their car, they stop near some of the bushes and continue to love outdoors. Guru's maid (seen in some scenes in the background) is on them and joins them (this is a little more graphical than the previous ones). Guru himself appears later and looks at three people with a charitable smile before moving.
705 ::: Cuisses ouvertes (1980) ::: adult ::: Joy - Daver! The happiness of life - and living. When the French term scar the term with the term, it can be the newly built couple they are talking about. What happens when two young people are renewed, who is shared with a blind relationship ... Shared with strangers ... share with strangers ... ... share with strangers. Check as the younger couple find the new meaning in the morning term in the morning of this young group. They make a ghot cook, a ghot cook, a special breakfast for Goobie John. He ends every roof and begging for others. Before we know that, this separate couple calls themselves on a circle of friends, which john is interested in these bad activities. Well, as soon as John Aulchi's bride's taste of things enjoy him, he allows him to eat more often.
706 ::: Hot Circuit (1971) ::: adult ::: When a married seller sexually harassed a stripper, she decides to fulfill his wish, but directly above the public stage. The sellers continue another job to be connected by a babysitter and her girlfriend. The babysitter then goes through a mutual lesbian seduction with her mother's feminist friend, the adventure. Back in her villa is the adventure with an initially anti -feminist lumberjack, which later becomes intimate with the "nymph" of a forest. A producer then gives the "Nymph" a casting couch and leaves him too exhausted for the secretary "his girl on Friday". Instead, she is seduced in a studio by a cough who slept in her car. The circle ends as a pedestrian (stripper) to take the cough home with you to get his expensive electric dildo. She is disappointed when he is more interested in food, but her problem will be solved when he accidentally spilled the whipped cream on her body.
707 ::: Reflections 2 (1994) ::: adult ::: Four stories about the two boys individually masturbate and then together because they are turned on. The flashbacks of the two boys reflect those homosexual adventures in the past. The other two more simple stories. One was a midnight military encounter. Another has two naked guys, both masturbation, on the sofa facing each other, before making it.
708 ::: Chi, Cometa (1986) ::: adult ::: Poor scoundrel that spends all his time on the beach, finds a way to get some money: a comets course. Aided by his girlfriend and the daughter of his girlfriend's boss, he begins the course, who is, in fact, a way of attracting young women for hot orgies.
709 ::: Bad Timing (2000) ::: adult ::: Three office workers are captured by a mysterious woman who works very effectively with knots. Girls are able to escape, however, rather than calling the police or leaving the courtyard, they decide to give her their own. Unfortunately for the shape lacies, their plan is wonderfully backward and soon four women sit on a couch covered with a rope and silence with a tape or cloth.
710 ::: Looking for Love (1985) ::: adult ::: The sign on the door reads a sex therapist-director of family relations. What patients undoubtedly do not realize is that when they enter and sign in for some unusual sexual healing. An innocent exotic African plant in the reception area emits a strong afrodisiac and when humans smooth the bud attractive, libidos end up rampant. This unusual plant therapy keeps up with all its patients in a mass orgas of sexual energy all its patients are cured. All good and good, but the doctor loses all his practice in one day.
711 ::: Summer of Laura (1976) ::: adult ::: Along a lonely beach on a summer colony off the Côte de Long Island, a man walks slowly, reviving a summer, in the summer of Laura, when he was 19 years old. Richie has a friend on the island, gene, gregarious and playful. Like the more sensitive Richie, too, was 19 years old. During this summer of awakening, he lost his young desires and developed his virility. On the way to cinema, Richie literally collides in Laura, an older woman who lives nearby. She asks him if he will help him with tasks the next day. It is completely agitated, but agrees. Richie goes to her house and after hitting the door, and getting no answer, enters. On the ground, he finds a crumpled telegram that reads as follows: "Your husband, Bob Hayes, was killed in combat." Laura appears, lonely and vulnerable. She heads for him in a gesture of human contact. They slowly start dancing. "That summer, we lost five frisbees, saved a girl from an silly snake, given our first skin film and I lost my Laura." The sea rises and the past is over.
712 ::: Fucktards (2012) ::: adult ::: Reach out to real sex, real risk and danger and you think your brain begins to fog. Stay close to the fire and your IQ drops less, less, and less from your comma-gorgeed crochet to raving buck-in-rat thinking. And I reached you and pulled into the fire? "You feel that your brain begins to be a fog. When you come to the fire, you are nothing but a raving buck-in-rot idea from your crochet."
713 ::: Bad Company (1978) ::: adult ::: An explosive and abrasing exhibition focused on the corrupt and sexual behavior of a certain young and beautiful police officer. You will see how you use your magnificent body and your masterful sexual techniques to seduce and blackmail men and young women. A brilliantly dramatized representation of lust and perversion that is rampant in the belly of a modern "secret society.
714 ::: Fringe Benefits (1974) ::: adult ::: The boat titt's institute is a hardworking of sexual research, AAC "hard - heaven", where Dr. Chorealippers are made to read from helpful aid. Their new customer is unreasonable Harry flatteet. As the scourge of workplace, Harry Institute Genny Pope and Shamey New Labor Marie - Practice, help the captain of CaptainFart - With the help of the captain of burning. Harry was sewed on Mr. Kakap's private scratch and lover, Allen Zepties. The doctor's throne lifts its advantage to the case, which should be left while in the name of your case. Next, Dr. CherialPaper Machine is using this forced doctor's doctor's tedbatt wooded tip of Dr. Tangat doctor. So is Einnen Zepties, who enjoys their first event. Harry is re-employed as the importance of the benefits of the BASE Fitcher.
715 ::: Ask Joy (2012) ::: adult ::: A advice columnist tries to help women who find themselves bound and thunder. A woman fell for the move of a fake maintenance man, the other was caught by a thief, two women were robbed and bound in a store after hours, a Jogar when she returned home from the morning race And three other women safely bound themselves and found themselves safely bound and thunder by ruthless criminals. Even the columnist is tied to a chair and a thick climb between its teeth is silent.
716 ::: Brazilian Holiday 2 (2005) ::: adult ::: It starts with some of the most popular insatiable studs in Brazil that offer non-stop cruising, down and dirty man-to-man sex. They continue their steaming and sweaty vacation at the ocean, while Spierhunk Marcello Cabrall plays in two scenes with spectacular versions for your pleasure. As he drove away to a hotspot on vacation, Pablo Paixao can't resist it and he picks up beautiful Ricardo Caffe on the street. Joel Guemberg also on vacation, looks out of his balcony and feels the heat when he sees his friend lifeguard Marcello Cabrall and to his surprise he comes by to say hello and relax. In the meantime, somewhere else in the neighborhood, chocolate sensation Sergio Dourado cannot have had enough of the Bubble -butt of Matheus Resende - back to the beach to save some life, Marcello Cabrall was able to save hungry soil Gabriel Duprat who just waited for to be plowed.
717 ::: Dirty Books (1993) ::: adult ::: Amanda's bookstore is not making money, so your lawyer advises you to start selling pornography. Her husband Todd, a writer who fights, at first, until he meets the famous porn star Samantha Zanora who wants her to help her write a script.
718 ::: Riley Steele: Bar Pussy (2010) ::: adult ::: The worker's work assignments are provided, a person who has a home. The first day with his SCLUZZ, who shows that it will be easy to stand free because the seller is the seller, so that It requires paying for a barrier from other ways.
719 ::: Honor Thy Brother (2004) ::: adult ::: Why do shock and embarrassment at the emotional level offer our strong, most primary romantic behavior? Liquid Dreamz 'Honor Nee brother Brothers Junito and J.C. A compilation of fantasies and scenes, and Junito's stepfather's younger brother Smokey. Director Junito describes a series of Vignates, discussing his deepest secrets and interests, as he delights himself for you.
720 ::: Bad Girls 5: Maximum Babes (1995) ::: adult ::: In maximum security, subject to the tests and tribulations of its strange new selmets on the row. She begins to imagine the lover he has left behind, and our cameras follow her ideas for their farewell encounter on a backcountry slope. And then gel handles the realities of life. She enjoys a sexually free-all of the evil prison guard. Resident Buldik will not stop anything to taste his prohibited fruit. And finally, erase a wild orgy, which makes a horn turn to Diana's escape.
721 ::: Easy Cheeks (2002) ::: adult ::: 1976. Los Angeles. The lower abdomen. Nights here are long, hot and raw-filled with Hustlers, Hos and Hitmen. One man bears the burden of justice. One man has the guts to stand up for what is good. His name is Dutch McQuade. . . And he fights crime.
722 ::: Fringe Benefits (1974) ::: adult ::: The boat titt's institute is a hardworking of sexual research, AAC "hard - heaven", where Dr. Chorealippers are made to read from helpful aid. Their new customer is unreasonable Harry flatteet. As the scourge of workplace, Harry Institute Genny Pope and Shamey New Labor Marie - Practice, help the captain of CaptainFart - With the help of the captain of burning. Harry was sewed on Mr. Kakap's private scratch and lover, Allen Zepties. The doctor's throne lifts its advantage to the case, which should be left while in the name of your case. Next, Dr. CherialPaper Machine is using this forced doctor's doctor's tedbatt wooded tip of Dr. Tangat doctor. So is Einnen Zepties, who enjoys their first event. Harry is re-employed as the importance of the benefits of the BASE Fitcher.
723 ::: 9 Lives of a Wet Pussy (1976) ::: adult ::: Pauline is a wealthy and married New York Erbess who begins a number of sexual encounters with different people. She keeps in close contact with Gypsy, a Tarot reader that Pauline writes letters who describe in tiny details about her conquest, to seduce a French stable boy, to sex with a petrol station, to a visited Nigerian princess with one past and A fantasy lover who apparently comes from her past, in which a flashback sequence affects the young mother of Pauline and the younger sister, who takes a little too far out of the Bible and seduces her own father.
724 ::: Cathouse Fever (1984) ::: adult ::: Becky is shy and reserved in Los Angeles to get a more sexual life and excitement. Becky decides not to be satisfied with making her because of her physical imaginations, it was decided to leave Los Angeles and go to Las Vegas to work as a legal prostitute in a prostitution house where she hopes to find the sensory loyalty that he has returned so far in her life.
725 ::: A Big Tit Christmas 2 (2011) ::: adult ::: A combination of six video wings on demand for Christmas mischief.
726 ::: Modeling School Bondage Scandal (2012) ::: adult ::: The strict instructor of the top modeling school claims that two of her low -abilities will stay for additional individual guidance after school. She begins their correction training by forcing a young model to take a pose while blindfolding. When WINSOME's WINSOME exhausts their treatment and protest tires, their teachers mute their discussions with a thick cleave gag. Once tied up and helpless, their cruel mentors contact a strange clothing dealer to see if they are interested in acquiring unwilling services.
727 ::: Layover (2001/II) ::: adult ::: Two beautiful hostesses rest during a routine scale until a thug in the race from the mafia enters and dominates women. Quickly tie and bit to the ladies and decides to kill time stroking the beauty tied. In the second story, two nurses who work in the night shift are captured and forced to open a safe for the thief, then remain with a safe rope while the thief makes his escape.
728 ::: Titillation (1982) ::: adult ::: Brendweeks works for Felix Fit Willie, an old businessman who owns a large brass bra. Felix has already hired countless detectives to find a woman who believes that he is enough to fit in his bra. Brenda's husband, Rouster, has to trick her with his new neighbors, and Brenda has to hire the top private detective spado Zappo and Hat Johnson. Brenda provides her own BUXOM to Spado Zappo to achieve that goal. Meanwhile, it turned out that the searched woman was Jeri. Jeri refuses the driver, spikes, and urges him to rape. However, while he was planning to continue from behind when he fell asleep, Pid Johnson, looking from the outside, decided to enter and drove him. Brenda Weeks departs from his house, where she and "Rooster" proves that they have an open marriage by seducing other new neighbors into a trio. Suspicion of the scheme, the detective invades the Felix office with a woman called Amanda. Spado Zappo makes them wait, and at that time Amanda seduces Pigeon Johnson. Eventually, it turned out that all characters were involved in their own plans to get money to find women. Spado Zappo has everyone at the muzzle and tells Jerri to take off her top. The brass bra fits and she agrees that she will soon become a young lover of Rich Felix.
729 ::: Stuck at Home (2002) ::: adult ::: Two bondage and burning tales - In the first, a busty girl learns that she will have to work on Saturday, so she gives up her plans to party the previous night. Unfortunately, an intruder decides that his evening will not be relaxing at all. In the second tale, two friends of friends to shop and eat are derailed by a masked goon with other ideas.
730 ::: Forever! (1991) ::: adult ::: The marriage of Delbert and Loretta began exciting (they have sex), but it is failing. Each one doubts the other of deception. Loretta describes her fantasy to the counselor, seeing Kim and Bud to have sex. Delbert tells the counselor about an imagined issue, where Loretta has sex with Bud, Rick and Huntley at the same time. Loretta tells the counselor that she suspects a summary between Delbert and two dancers from Delbert and the Huntley's club. Loretta tries to promote things by having sex with Kim and leaving Delbert Watch. Delbert is frustrated and becomes more frustrated when Huntley has sex with one of their dancers.
731 ::: The Other Side of Aspen 4: The Rescue (1995) ::: adult ::: Release of Flekto Studio's 100m movie, the other side of the Spin IV is the last seat of the 1983 classics, which is the last rules to the late Donawan. This time is lost his boyfriend (Chad Nite) because of the Spoin Hanson Hanson's Hanson's Hanson. He is doing anything that can find him, but anxiety is poor and fast.
732 ::: Gold Digger Blues (2015) ::: adult ::: I am convinced that her father's boyfriend is nothing but a blonde gold digger, the young breds catch the woman surprise and tie her a number of embarrassing positions. In the subsequent vine, a tied and stretched woman hopes to be rescued only to be linked even more well with the heroes he would be.
733 ::: Tales from the Foxhole (1999) ::: adult ::: Two horny young marines discuss personal gay experiences in detail, before falling at night. As the thunder rolls and lightning, Lyons dream about its basic training unit. There is the sea masturbating in their bunch, when suddenly the drill instructor seizes them and makes the offenders get rid of it. The others are forced to masturbate into the formation. As these breaks and rain stops, the two foxhole buddies discover their mutual horn.
734 ::: Women Seeking Women Volume 1 (2002) ::: adult ::: Trying on beautiful clothing is not the only thing that Holly and Nikki together enjoy playing them is much more fun! After a night of dancing, they go back to the bedroom, where some soft massage changes into a night of passion! Experienced Kelly wants to show young, pretty Bree, being the difference between being with a man and being with a woman. In the beginning, Bree slowly opens the idea and realizes the softness of a woman and her touch is what she longs for while they admit to her inhibitions! Nicole is getting ready to go out and tries various undergarments when she needs Nikki's help with her stockings. Zwele Nicole gets modest Nikki to try something with her. Nikki's light touch on Nicole's pussy When she tries to crochet her belt in front of her, sends sparks to each of the girls. They all know that there is something exciting in the store tonight!
735 ::: Dames de compagnie (1982) ::: adult ::: Before the secretary, housekeeper, nurse, and aviation hostess, there are sexual fantasy like this classic movie "Women of Others" (Refemas Maris). François has decided to explode and discovered a network of a married woman (Refemes Maries), who decided to create a very exciting erotic fantasy.
736 ::: Cruising It (2003) ::: adult ::: This sexual fantasy video begins with Eric sailing the street when he gathers Jerry. Not having a strong destination, Jerry returns to the Eric & Shawn pillow for the night. The next day, after Shawn split with Eric, Eric, Jerry and three other friends leave for a road trip below the Pacific Coast highway to Mexico. As Eric's friends travel, they find sexual adventures and abandon the road trip. Until only Jerry is inexperienced with player Eric ...
737 ::: Nice n' Tight (1985) ::: adult ::: A busy motel becomes a fantastic terrain for its occupants. At the beginning, the porn producer Paul gives an impromptu molding sofa to a maid. Vicky, a new bride, wants her husband Harold to pass their honeymoon just in bed. The shy cowboy is beautiful to hire its first escort Sally Thompson. Young enthusiasts Reggie and Catherine are united in a store. Friends Nick and Ritchie hire a whore. Nick wins his company via a draw, but she takes him to invite Ritchie. Buxom Aunt Ms. Robinson obtains her younger nephew in his sleep, but he then revealed that it was a hired act. Porn fans Alex and Jeff invite porn stars Karen and Charmel in their room. After Karen and Charmel have fun, Alex obtains Charmel and Jeff obtained Karen.
738 ::: Surfside Sex (1985) ::: adult ::: The summer heat boils at this moment of Malibu under the sexy sun when a group of unobstructed orgasm groups approach a beach house. The action passes from the elevated bedrooms to the beach front jacuzzi to the best private complexion!
739 ::: South of the Border 4: Atrocities (2000) ::: adult ::: A very young lawyer, sent to help three American women imprisoned in a Mexican prison on shocked charges, arrested when cocaine was planted in her bag. After an unsuccessful escape attempt, the woman is naked, tied, gagged and tortured by local police, while her three clients undergo similar treatment.
740 ::: Les Plaisirs solitaires (1976) ::: adult ::: JOL has tried to lose his virgin without success, until he will meet the hectare. Martin's husband is so unable to give him his joy that he should find him with the person. Arlen is unhappy with his lover, and finds himself joy.
741 ::: Forever! (1991) ::: adult ::: Delbert and Loreta's wedding started exciting (they have sex), but it is failing. Each is suspected to be cheated. Loreta described the counselor her imagination, saw Kim and Bud having sex. Delbert tells the counselor about an imagination where Loreta has sex together with Bud, Rick and Huntley. The Loreta tells the counselor that he has a rendering between the two dancers of the delbert and delbert and the Huntley club. Loreta tries to spice things by having sex with Kim and by giving a watch to Delbert. Delbert is disappointed, more disappointed when Huntley had sex with one of her dancers.
742 ::: Please 3: The Asian Manifest (1999) ::: adult ::: This adult film is mainly focused on a long scene that has three Asian women: Jazzin, Jade Marcella and Sami Moon! The man he has made with is the famous Nacho Vidal.
743 ::: Dangerous Profession (1999) ::: adult ::: The intelligence agent plans to arrest many double factors, but the secret sellers get the wind winds. They need to know who is their plan, so they are advertising from beginners agents if they enter and try to force them to reveal the information they need.
744 ::: I Fucked the Babysitter (2012) ::: adult ::: Five scenes. When his wife (Daria Glower) ignites his amoric advances, tells him that he smells like a pub and not following him in bed, the inbited man (Tarzan) turns into a very ready (Abigaile) babysitter for the needs of him. Further, the grandfather (Bella Baby) confesses to her employer (J.J.) that she fears the reaction her parents will have in her new tattoos. He decides to take a closer look which leads to more than to see. Then Steve (Q.) reaches a note on a note explaining that his wife has left her, leaving Babysitter, Denisa (Paradise), with the children. Daddy does whatever he can to comfort her. Our other grandfather (Lucy Bell) is in the thorns of a nightmare when her employer (George UHL) wakes her to provide a shoulder and more. Finally, when Daddy (Mia Hilton) reaches 45 minutes late, as her employer (Neeo) had to cancel his date, she offers to be his date. They just won't go out.
745 ::: Tips n' Ass (2002) ::: adult ::: Three Buxom waitress for a well -known restaurant chain is caught by a crooked when they open the restaurant in the morning. When three well -organized women struggle to liberate themselves from cruel ropes and gags, the thugs move on with their criminal adventure. The other two women have invaded their home that is on Lam. Women are drawn and gagged to prevent women from calling the police until the intruder goes to his house.
746 ::: Lesbian Legal 6 (2010) ::: adult ::: This young girls are waiting for years for years and now they will be ready to share themselves with those who love them. Will they hurt? Will they be forever and stay forever? Legal and ready for the drama! There is no case in this way .... only legs. And this hot sexy young lasbian will do anything for another woman. Five hot and botbay scene scene. Simply the most real sex in the Lesbian adult video. The favorite cat's pleasure you can have on your side. Is completely unchanged and pleasant!
747 ::: Naked Captives (2003) ::: adult ::: A blonde is captured, coming out of the shower while the brunette is chloroform in her night. Both women are bound while naked and then closed. The helpless victims cannot escape the cruel ropes that restrain and the intruder seems to be glad to watch them fight.
748 ::: Indieboyz Pumped (2009) ::: adult ::: Trick or treated? By induboyz, it is really a hell of a special treatment as they celebrate warm and all loves Eve! The only thing that goes up to Halloween tonight is a bigger people! We promise you not to think about these men who are in your door, looking for more than candy to put their mouth!
749 ::: Live Nerd Girls (2012) ::: adult ::: Gedge lesbians are among us! They love comics, love Harry Potter, love Dungons and dragons, love World of War Craft and yes, these fools love their sexy girlfriends. Play with us on this adventure of All-Nerd-Girl and boldly go where no lesbian company has gone before!
750 ::: Tips n' Ass (2002) ::: adult ::: Three plants plants for a well -known restaurant chain are triggered by Crook when they open the restaurant in the morning. While the three curved women find it difficult to free themselves from the ropes and cruelly tight gags, the thug proceeds with its criminal business. Two other women have their house invaded by a man who is on the LAM. The ladies are roped and won with balls to prevent them from calling the police until the intruder leaves their house.
751 ::: Butt Blazer (1997) ::: adult ::: Ritter is waiting for his car to be serviced. When another customer shows, they spend time in giving each other a lubricant job. Smooth ass.
752 ::: Love Free Style (1970) ::: adult ::: A couple of chicks who decide to make prostitutes to make some excess bread. After a hook-up from a pimp by the name of Sammy, setting them up with a room, cookie and Marie turning tricks in both directions, sometimes straight and sometimes lesbian. Marie Viti a beautiful man who never seems to leave but decides that he wants to get it on the side; Cookie then brings it to a middle-aged Dyke who chats her for about an hour before strengthening the fuzz.
753 ::: Taboo 15 (1995) ::: adult ::: Max's doctor is a patient who has the patients who have a problem with family history. By the resources of reenactment, his customers repeat their least. The doctor succeeded in the judgment of judgment, but he was a Jen Tal with a dosment of unique identity that must lead their sex. Soon they realized that a real sick doctor was more serious than a patient. But, to discuss it will be taboo.
754 ::: The Damsel Network (2012) ::: adult ::: In this infiltration inspection for the upcoming season of Damsel America, the beautiful flight attendant provides clips from the upcoming procedures. Several scenes of the series "American Heroes Stories" are shown with Bokum Champions in a fatal danger by their opponents. A scene from an episode coming from "Action Nurses" where the prisoner turns tables on a good nurse and relieves her uniform. Several "Go Hostagets" sectors are broadcast that includes fans in Peril Dire Dire. In the movie "Miss Shay's Download West Adventures", blond cowboy is dispensed safely, and it is disturbed with the Bandina band and left a successor, who is a helpless prisoner struggling. The inspection ends with a scene of the BuxOM hostess securely.
755 ::: Free and Foxy (1985) ::: adult ::: Paul Thomas, Hani Wilder, and an All-Star actor, are brought to us through a series of sex scenes to reach pure sexual entertainment heights. The dialogue of humor is the dominant nature because the myths of the erotic film world do their best to stimulate their dedicated - that is, you - the viewer. Free and Foxy is a great 35mm color with a sync and music score. This is a necessity for X -grade movies with a sense of humor! A +++
756 ::: Costumed Girls Bound for Trouble (2013) ::: adult ::: Six motivated foods safely calculated, pulled and harassed. In the first part, a discovery is hidden as a group, but who folded and appeared and appear and appears. In other stories, the darling Barmacket was beaten, a long young woman with a long young woman who has a long young woman who has the dominant authority - a lazy and arrive, the college student accident Wasres Dimil - Imagine to make a Saint Sarristron, a Sunnah Sarristrin.
757 ::: Dirty Books (1993) ::: adult ::: Amanda's bookstore is not making money, so your lawyer advises you to start selling pornography. Her husband Todd, a writer who fights, at first, until he meets the famous porn star Samantha Zanora who wants her to help her write a script.
758 ::: Catch 69 (1970) ::: adult ::: Two young lesbians living together have what they consider perfect life-good jobs, a beautiful apartment, and their sex life is satisfying. Once one of the ex boyfriends shows, a soldier who has just returned from a foreign tour. The girls decide to try once again to see if they can be sexually satisfied by a man, which turns into a competition to see who can sleep him first and how much each will go once he does.
759 ::: The Blonde (1980) ::: adult ::: Valerie Vincent was the ruling blonde sex queen of Hollywood to her mysterious and tragic death. Now, a few years later, every ambitious actress struggles to play her in the evaporated new movie photo based on Valerie's life. Along the way, some strange facts about Valerie's disappearance and some rather shocking about her early film career. Annette Haven, the reigning queen of the adult film land, appears in the double role of Valerie and an ambitious actress, hoping to play it. Together with Annette, the Lewis brothers from Detroit gathered the exciting Brooke West, Bonnie Holiday and presenting oriental beauty May Lin. Hollywood has been exploiting and enjoying its platinum queens for years, and now the film land for adults has its own. Annette Haven is the blonde.
760 ::: The Matrixxx: A Muscle Explosion (2004) ::: adult ::: As a professional bodybuilding, he struggles to win the race, which decides who is the most beautiful person there - The Matrixxx - he decides to take his enemies one by one. Whether it is through extortion, payment, drug or ruining their paths, he has set his goal on the trophy.
761 ::: I moschettieri del re (1999) ::: adult ::: France, 1625. Rani Anne of Austria, after a Dalian with Duke of Buckingham, concerts for Louis XIII of France, presents Duke with his diamond necklace. The queen's incorporated cardinal richliyu was informed, seizing the opportunity to discredit her and destroy the throne. He sends Duke to Milly de Winter to steal the necklace as proof of Anne's evidence. Queen's servant, Constance, her lover, D'Artganon, and her friends, the king's muscators, rebuild the necklace, saving the queen and failing the cardinal plot.
762 ::: Mai Lin vs. Serena (1982) ::: adult ::: Adult movie star Milin and Serena play the leading role in the latest hardcore films by Carlos Tobarina. The two sexy starlet gets a very long -awaited starring part by engaging in the most ridiculous physical behavior that one of them can be imagined to secure the gig. I bet $ 25,000.
763 ::: Heat of the Moment (1983) ::: adult ::: John Homes Stars in this Cavalcled of the era with a good dynamic presentation of straight forward sex. Before streaming muffs, watch the girls while driving down with a rag top (and their top). John Holmes has a special moment where he screws her big toe-yes, her tooth! Shopping Ning and Maria Tortuga, Pet Mi Ning and Maria Tortuga in this presentation of adult film talent.
764 ::: Click... Click (1976) ::: adult ::: A photographer introduces us to his world in which she photographed. We then see that he is trying to persuade a nervous model to lose weight. The photographer shows that it is nothing to relax. This means that both have sex in front of the camera. We are then patiently on their appointment with the photographer in the basement of the same photo studio as two potential models, Joe and AL, while the two are waiting to have sex to spend the time faster. We will then be brought back to the studio while we look at a solo sud strip and masturbate for the camera. Then we join the photographer again when he potentially to the interviewer. The film then closes with a blond model that loves himself in the camera with another man and ends another day in the life of a male photographer.
765 ::: Physical Attraction (1984) ::: adult ::: The tricks for the Young Hooker Bobby Livelihood are tired of the curve, so she leaves her forced fit Luther and decides to push her true passion for running. The eager coach ad realizes that Bobby's original athletic potential and trains it for the Olympics. But will Luther let Bobby go?
766 ::: Reflections 2 (1994) ::: adult ::: Four stories about two masturbating guys individually and then do together because they are so lit. Two are flashbacks of present guys who reflect on those gay adventures that have passed. The other two are more myths forward. One is a midnight military meeting. The other has two guys, both masturbating, on a sofa looking at each other, before leaving.
767 ::: Uniform Captives (2013) ::: adult ::: Three sexy Stewardes were recovered by a thief who attacked the false house. Deciding to make his mistake to the best, the crook captures three lovely flight attendants and gag. A beautiful policeman tries to save the woman, but is caught and meets with slavery in the other three.
768 ::: Naked Captives (2003) ::: adult ::: A blonde is captured from a shower, while a brunette chloroforms in her nightgapon. Both women are bound while they are naked and then pinched. The helpless victims cannot escape the cruel ropes that stop and the intruder seems to see how they struggle.
769 ::: Tasty (1985) ::: adult ::: The director of the Gary Connors threatens to dismiss all the knights on the disk working at his station Knut after one of the main advertisers says they will remove all their ads unless the sincere classifications improved by the weekend. Sexy DJ Tasty Tastums and her classmate in the knights decide to correct the position by switching from the playing of rock music to broadcasting on various topics related to vibrant sex on the air.
770 ::: Sex (1993) ::: adult ::: Sex. Current. Sex. Current. Oh, had we already said sex? Alvy is in love with the office secretary Meghan, played by Nikki Dial. When a big promotion is in the disposal, office politics begins and the sexual power plays. Explore the world of sexual intrigues of companies in sex.
771 ::: Cruising It (2003) ::: adult ::: This video sexual imagination begins with Eric driving along the street when he picks up Jerry. Jerry has no permanent goal and returns to Eric & Shawn's Pad for the night. The next day after Shawn had ended with Eric, Eric, Jerry and three other friends, a road trip travel to the Pacific Coast Highway towards Mexicos. While traveling, Eric's friends find sexual adventures and paint out of the road trip. Until only the inexperienced Jerry with player Eric ...
772 ::: Lesbian Babysitters 11 (2014) ::: adult ::: In the 11th installment of this critical series, a glittering pair of reality show consisting of Sandy, a former model and Ariel, a fitness competitor loses everything after their show is canceled. Their nanny, Raven, took care of the baby, which the show's producers had forced the couple to have, hoping to increase the ratings. Sandy bends over the beautiful raven, trusting his hopes and fears as Ariel becomes dangerously close to an influential fitness client. Raven struggles with his growing passion for Sandy, trying to desperately hold this fragile family together.
773 ::: Lesbian Lovers (1988) ::: adult ::: The vaccian psychiatrist restores five of the stars of lens of adults in one afternoon - their closest lesbian meetings. What are the temptations of temptations, temptation, temptation, and finally?
774 ::: Candy Lips (1976) ::: adult ::: Candy's lips are the story of the search for young women for sexual satisfaction, without guilt and fear. In the early days, Susan remembers an upset family life that endured until he went to college by bidding for freedom. I get frustrated by the broken house and she tries to re -adjust her sensitivity. Susan has been meeting Gloria for a while. Her painting and lifestyle artists introduce her to a new and healthy sex. At the end of the movie, you can see that Susan is mature with his understanding and decides to make her life a sense of fulfillment and happiness. Hmm ...
775 ::: Mai Lin vs. Serena (1982) ::: adult ::: Adult Mai Lin and Serena stars are both in the race for the leading role in director Carlos Tobalina's latest film. The two sex stars make a $ 25,000 betting bet that only one of them will grab the very coveted part with the bearing, engaging in the wildest behavior of the imaginable meat to secure the concert.
776 ::: From Top to Bottom (2006) ::: adult ::: The long-sex man of the boys that other men make them have a close relationship by telling the story from Derrick Vin. The first is the Byily Billy, the only high, carries one straight man. But Erik bounr, at first chewer designs, suggests my own rent and both of them. They do. Second, Tyler is called Jake, online, for sex. They both gave himself to himself, even though they didn't like receiving. Third, Kevin Barterer tries to make three different travelers in the same night. When they find his principles, they give it to Him, and slanning, right, in a way to sit in the ground and wine. Finally, the report provides its account about self-sex man and girl, Jason.
777 ::: Dirty Little Sins (2005) ::: adult ::: Jonah is a closed homosexual man who follows a Bible college. When he seizes the dean of the hypocritical homophobic school in a compromising situation, he escapes. However, Jona's father is a powerful senator who oversees federal college funds. The dean must find and return Jonah into school or will have financial consequences. Meanwhile, Jonah is taken under the wing of Currie, an atheist Hustler of the street who only believes in sex for money. Can Virgin keep the hook, or vice versa?
778 ::: Story of Laly (2009) ::: adult ::: What do you do if your 15 minutes of fame have expired as a TV reality show star? Well, like Jenna Lewis of "Survivor" season, you could make an amateur sex video and publish it. But if your friend is an adult film star Tristan Seagal, they are targeting. Laly, who played in the first season of the French Reality show "Secret Story", appears here in all her fame. There is not really an action, but there is a fetish topic with handcuffs and leather outfits. Laly's three scenes are all with Tristan, although in two of them his head is covered with a black leather mask. The rest of the line -up combines in different groups. A lucky film debut for adults for Laly, who is described on the box cover as "perhaps the future ambassador of sex in France".
779 ::: Little Me and Marla Strangelove (1978) ::: adult ::: Girls will be girls and what they are are horny and teenagers! This is the last week of the school and they are throwing a wild beach party. All of this is doing wild, strange things with Marla and her friends with a crazy room and a leather bed. If you feel that sex is fun, wait until you see girls with their friends and all their teenagers Rome and desires! Kirdy "Taboo" Stevens loves prohibited!
780 ::: Summer of Laura (1976) ::: adult ::: With a lonely beach on a summer colony from the Long Island Coast, a man slowly moves, relieves a heat, when he was 19 years old, he was 19 years old. Richie has a friend on the island, the gene, which is gragary and naughty. Like more sensitive Richie, he was also 19 years old. During the summer of waking up he loses his youth desires and develops his manhood. On the way of films, Richie literally collides in Laura, a older woman who lives nearby. She asks her if she will help her the next day with some work. He is completely enraged, but agrees. Richie goes to her house and after knocking at the door, and no response is found, enters. On the floor, he finds a crumpled telegram that states, "Your husband, Bob Hayes, are killed in action." Laura appears, alone and weak. He moves towards him in a gesture of human contact. They start dancing slowly. "In that summer we lost five frisbees, saved a girl from a foolish snake, saw our first skin a shock, and I lost my lamp." The sea rises and the past is over.
781 ::: Big Favors (1985) ::: adult ::: A empty house, which is for sale becoming the opening scene of one of the worst sex scenes matched in history, mostly, because Vince Thomas, who was all night, before being shot This movie, making drugs during an orgy pool feast, he looked completely out of contact with his surrounding reality, trying to agree with him with the bottom blond shadow Joyce was a big mistake, this movie is terrible.
782 ::: My Boyfriend's Back! (2003) ::: adult ::: Upon learning that her boyfriend was on the run from the law, a shaped brunette decides that he has nothing to do with him - but she does not take for the 'former' answer, even if he has to bind the chlorofam, even if he has to stir and stir the woman. In the second story, a thief enters her house and steals the contents of Sage completely - but the worse is still coming. Sticking to the chair and the ball windy, she can only wait silently as a human bait to her boyfriend who is in serious trouble with her group.
783 ::: Private Sports 4: Snow Sluts (2003) ::: adult ::: As in "when porn stars play ... more than you expected," the Austrian village is a place where hot sex scenes occur. There is no use in referring to private competition between four pregnant women where the winner is the person who has sex with the largest possible number of girls. Individual scenes, group sex and dual penetration, followed by a final scene from the Bang gang when you take four young men who fill all her holes at the same time.
784 ::: Electric Blue 42 (1986) ::: adult ::: A bookworm receives a medieval book with summoning and accidentally conjures up a beautiful sorceress. Through her magic and leadership, he tries to win the heart of a modern princess who is ashamed by the rival to her throne.
785 ::: The Young Marrieds (1972) ::: adult ::: A plot of the Macho Armist who wants to loosen his "ice -cold" woman. The husband (Ben) is becoming increasingly entangled in his own waycing, while his wife (Ginnie) proves that she is more sexually open, in ways he does not know or cannot handle.
786 ::: Le baiser (2015) ::: adult ::: Clair (Tiffany doll), a young Parisian, is in a 10 -year relationship that has become a routine. Her routine is interrupted when she witnesses an American woman, Jolene (Madison Young), being assaulted. Claire helps the hotel. As thanks, Jolene gives Claire a kiss; A kiss that burns in Claire's mind. She cannot shake the feelings that Jolene's kiss caused, and Claire wants to explore them more. Jolene and his friends make a trip to the field with Claire, where the idea of ​​infidelity is far from everyone's mind. However, it does not spend much time before the new and stimulating sensual experiences exceed this new group of friends.
787 ::: Click... Click (1976) ::: adult ::: A photographer introduces us to his world that takes photographs of male naked. We see that he is trying to cooperate with the nervous model to take his garments, and the photographer has proven that they have nothing to do by removing himself. This leads to having sex in front of the camera. We have been waiting for their appointment with two potential models, Joe and Al, photographer in the basement of the same photography studio, and both decide to do sex to go faster while waiting for time. We were brought back into the studio while we were looking for a solo stud strip and after which we interviewed another potential model from New York when we interviewed the photographer again, this interviewer ended with a blow-jab. The film ends with a blonde model that loves another person before on the camera and ends another day in the life of a male photographer.
788 ::: Firestorm (1984) ::: adult ::: Elise Paul Josh Author Ken Cushing to be hired by the wealthy Magda Balcourt Matriarch to write its autobiography ghost. Ken then visits a bar in which his ex -girlfriend Lisa works as an exotic dancer. Lisa somehow takes both people and involved with the blind daughter of the Claire family. Claire was blinded on her sweet sixteenth birthday when her mother "saved" her from her boyfriend "luring" Louis having sex with her herself. Meanwhile, the secretary and lady of Lee Balcourt, Barbara, plans to steal the Lee Business Book. In the end, Magda admits he wants Ken for more than writing. He only gives her half an effort before he discovered that he took a copy of the book himself.
789 ::: Club Sterne 2 (2006) ::: adult ::: As in the first "Club Stern", the club president of the same name Jeff Sternen promises that they are in Spankthis -Dakota Brittain, Devon, Dominico Pacifico, Kay Diablo and Sean Daniels for the promotion test to be new 'models': on or over chair, trestle and/or cross you bend and/or must mercilessly beaten your buttocks, and some of your back - both with paddle, whip, straps and/or whereas as evidence that you are ready and able to submit to the strict Discipline of the clubs and literally put their literal youth donkeys on the line.
790 ::: F.I.L.T.H. Hunters (2005) ::: adult ::: FIILTH, featuring all-star casts of Rising Starlets and Industry Superstars, The hunters tell the story of Nikki, who misses living with men, but her girlfriend, Ella, doesn't allow anything to do with them. James is tired of her 9 to 5 life and her picket-wad family. Sofia and her husband Frank have lost their spark in their love life. But it's going to change everything ...
791 ::: Rites of Passion (1987) ::: adult ::: In Part I of this two-part anthology, a woman discovers both personal and sexual fulfillment. Part II tells about a self-ensured family-man cruser, "Sri Ethics", who goes to tape his weekly "Pro-Murity" show in TV studio, but gets entangled in his sexual fantasies.
792 ::: American Beauty (1993) ::: adult ::: Marc Wallice and Steven St. Croix, a pair of City slickers, are on the route recruiting for a Hillbilly beauty contest when their truck breaks down on sticks. Now they are trapped among those who wanted to use. So who will use who ... In the end?
793 ::: My First Time with a Mommy (2014) ::: adult ::: My first time with a mother is a series of shocked for the first time annoying teenage girls who have always fantasized to be with another woman. Look as these wonderful Milf mothers and steps devour their hungry students for the first time.
794 ::: Adolescentes au pensionnat (1979) ::: adult ::: Beautiful young students at the College of Girls are constantly trying to seduce their male teachers. Due to financial problems the school is forced to go coed, and when male students begin to arrive, the girls turn their attention to them.
795 ::: Welcome Stranger (1974) ::: adult ::: It's a neighbor's thing to do ... parts of the research committee is to make new forces happy at home - everything it takes. "Accept the alien" is the Sauyky, and to the Kinky building owner!
796 ::: Head Nurse (1973) ::: adult ::: The staff of the city hospital in New York is engaged in all kinds of behavior of Kinky and Kozhtain, and the leather Dr. Rogers will not only break the skulls, but also sexually interacted, and the corpse Nurses are involved in lesbian couplings with each other.
797 ::: Entering the Student Body (2005) ::: adult ::: After being dismissed from his pizza work, Dave decides to register for university. After being denied admission for ugly notes, he decided to kiss the admission officer in the hope of changing his mind. Once admitted, he quickly found a job as a teaching assistant to support his educational expenses but ended up kissing his students instead. After a few weeks, Dave's notes begin to slip. He fails all his lessons, so he decides to see if he can make an additional credit by kissing one of his teachers. As he cannot kiss all his teachers, he decides to try to study at least one of his classes to maintain his average D. He traverses the campus to find a young hot colpante for a study boyfriend, but he finishes By kissing it before you can even hit the books. With his notes and his ethics now in the discharges, he is summoned to the academic probation office for a final exam before being returned from the university. Dave has the brilliant idea of ​​trying to kiss the academic probation agent in the hope of staying in school.
798 ::: Carjackers (2009) ::: adult ::: Even the most bad bad boys are good in something. Four "unpleasant" repository who not only earn a lot of cash, but want to be placed in the process, which forces customers desperate to suck and fuck against their willingness to recover their cars.
799 ::: Marilyn - Kleine Spalten, süße Lippen (1980) ::: adult ::: Laura Beaumatou earns her living by selling yoga books, unfortunately, with limited success. At one of her visits, she meets the beautiful Marilyn, who writes erotic tales. Friendship, falling between the two girls, and they tell many stories about their erotic desires and experiences. They enjoy their erotic fantasies, to Marilyn finally gives its biggest secret award.
800 ::: Harmony's Jewell (1999) ::: adult ::: Jewelry Marco is in this model profile, most of the concepts of many harmonia. Buxom Brunette shows her phishist, how he interacts with a fetish model, and then its favorite positions.
801 ::: Fringe Benefits (1974) ::: adult ::: Tirmtwat Institute for Sexual Research, alias "Hard-on Heaven", is the place where Dr Cherrypopper obtains sexual readings of the Miss Motormouth assistant. Their new customer is helpless Harry Flattout. As a sex acknowledgment in the workplace, Harry pacified Ginny Putertit and a new shy worker Mary-Ann Lobglob, with the help of Thunderfart, who went to the passer by Captain Sukatdy. Harry was dismissed on a set on the secretary and private lover of Mr. Cockpul, Elaine Ziptitz. Dr. TIRMTWAT benefits his own advantage of Harry, determining supposedly his case while really culminating while remaining a virgin. Then, the Dr. Cherrypopper machine overloads when his assistant seduces it, and the assistant test leads to the permanent erection of Harry. Harry uses it to force Dr. Tirmtwat with force, until she agrees. Elaine Ziptitz too, which finally reveals to enjoy their first meeting. Harry is rewritten because the boss realizes the importance of social benefits.
802 ::: Bondage Potpourri (2014) ::: adult ::: When visiting an old friend, two sexy ladies will find a hidden scrapbook of Bondage photographs. When the friend comes back and holds them in action, the two visitors are to be adhered to, gaggos and fresh entry. Five more sexy women are captured by blind dates or intruders and are safely thrown and moved.
803 ::: Eyes of a Dreamer (1983) ::: adult ::: Sexuality, reality and sensual dreams mix and drift through Laura's existence with such frequency and intensity that it develops an irresistible urge to fall into deep, erotic daydreams at any time and at any place. Your husband calls a doctor alarmed. The M.D. is similar to one of her dream lovers and during the examination she falls into her sultry fantasy world with a different fantastic state that manifests itself. She ends up in an erotic film with the stage of Laura Center. When the cameras begin to roll, she introduces herself to her husband, the doctor and her colleagues, whom she all involves decadent sexual activities. Where does reality in reality and imagination begin? The viewer decides, but on the way there is a visual festival of humid fantasies to be seen.
804 ::: No Business Like Show Business (2000) ::: adult ::: The abduction of young women and forcing them to "stars" in slavery films may be a strange way to make a living, but that's sure. Neither Tom nor Dolores realized the money to get it-but there are problems in Paradise --- Dolores has become an informant for F.B.I.! Helpless, magnificent young victims are maintained bound and closed 24 hours a day when they sleep-or eat breakfast!. Their cruel captives force them to withstand any restrictions and blunders- they do not show a business wonderful!. Filled with six beautiful women, on screens, binding and warming, attempts to escape and narrow slavery, this "movie within a movie" is full of almost two hours of action that is not lending!.
805 ::: Sex-cirkusse (1974) ::: adult ::: The circle will really close its doors, the public is no longer interested in it, with so many porn movies in the city ... until! ... Desperate acrobats, clowns, lion tamers, and tricksters go to their stage acts of the ring.
806 ::: Something Old, Something New (2004) ::: adult ::: A beautiful brides and her equally beautiful bridesmaids are captured during the rehearsal of the wedding. All three girls are tied and squeezed cruel, and the bride is taken to unknown parts. In the second story, a beautiful brunette bride that needs to be caught by the ex-girlfriend of the groom who tries to convince the frightened girl that she really doesn't want to continue with the wedding.
807 ::: Cathouse Fever (1984) ::: adult ::: The Los Angeles-based secretary shy and reserved Becky wants to have a more beautiful and exciting sex life. Not satisfied to do with her carnal fantasies, Becky decides to leave Los Angeles and goes to Las Vegas to work as a legal prostitute in a brothel where she hopes to find the sensual fulfillment that so far in her life.
808 ::: La perverse châtelaine dans l'écurie du sexe (1985) ::: adult ::: The Countess (Dominique St. Claire) is paralyzed with the view of a young woman who makes love with a horse in her stable. Later he remembers this memorable sequence while he makes love to the count (Gabriel Pontello), in several orgies with his friends, or when she and the count make love with their servants. After the count dies, she returns to the stable and imagines that he has been reincarnated as the stallion.
809 ::: Flesh and Ecstasy (1985) ::: adult ::: Tony stopped from a session with his girlfriend to hear his men who kidnapped three rich girls and one of their colleagues in the room. Then the first kidnapped room colleague seduces, while her daughter and sister are seduced by Boukum. When their wealthy uncle and their uncle refuse to pay, Tony allows young women to go, but they decided to help him revenge. Thus, the other daughter seduces the visiting state lawyer, while the room colleague seduces uncle. It is now seduced, the state lawyer is sent to seduce the separate old aunt. With the husband and wife for that, the daughter can seize their money.
810 ::: Desire (1982/III) ::: adult ::: The old toba is different from the Appointment of Appointment. While flash backs are shown from young Trips and Laila, visit Dr. Wari. Laura receives about a joint meeting with her two boys. The Stand-End Camedia Jan reminds talking, informed a randomly ranging the Faroard Fridie, the Kos Doctor Profession to the Doctor's Doctor, encouraging it to imagine his happiness. Finally, Kim imagined on his own female room room, the doctor is distinguishing the doctor to imagine the same scenarios with her assistant. Kim will target a _ (1992) _ (QV) experience of transportations. The doctor's difference then finds her true demand in the old tribis assistant, Carlos. Use the same with the floor. Spreaded in the old tububis, a lilly halckeeper shows him because he left him because he wants money on her. A Psychology is untouched in the past, a few years ago, he is granted by Lilly, that is only a word with her clarity: "sadness." Why are you liquidate you to find psychologist and actually what is the meaning of the "request". Old Tuba Tuba Clark is fluent (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV)) with a messy decision with a laughing decision. She gave me love for money and let the beauty of the bullying beautify the beauty riley through their hands. Dr. Diffus while working on the case of the case is in place to find the word "request" desire "because he passed through the life of Tubaius.
811 ::: Panty Raid (1984) ::: adult ::: The best thing about panties is that it will take off! Big is the name of the game, and its aim is to go inside the girl's panties. Now, getting a donkey piece is one thing, but Barry and Peter are not interested in just any ass. They only go for beautiful faces and young people with body that won't give up! Panty raid, story of laying.
812 ::: Spin for Sex (1994) ::: adult ::: This adult feature is distinguished by the fact that it is made as part of the game's show, and follows the constitution, including some fun 'commercial'. There is not much room for the plot here, so don't expect anyone. Participants and especially the hosts are beautiful, and 'perform' with warmth.
813 ::: Butt Blazer (1997) ::: adult ::: Ritter is waiting for impatience for your car to be repaired. When another customer appears, time spends the lubrication work. Soft ass.
814 ::: Little Miss Curious (1991) ::: adult ::: Ashly Larren turns the guilt-toiler park in the city of wheels when he breaks every law in the book. In the bowl in the bowl in the bag of the cousin, he was held with her uncle's radio with her uncle's boy, he covered all bases. But, he acquires highly aspapers and indicates that they were shown in displaying the national male magazines and harass her two true coastal.
815 ::: Summertime Blue (1979) ::: adult ::: Two wonderful high schoolco-leds have been established that the last day and night of their summer vacation will be memorable. And it turns out to be certain as the girls reveal themselves to their lucky data for the occasion, and the boys in turn re -experience their summer experiences.
816 ::: Anonymous (1993) ::: adult ::: Some people who don't know you are better to know better. This is a friend of a couple and a woman who is one of his imagination. But the only way of imagination can be done if it is hidden. Is he? The answer remains unknown ...
817 ::: Code Red (2006) ::: adult ::: Code Red is a private sex club in Eastern European City. To enter, you need an invitation. Smresnoi handed over them and then collects them with a cover fare at the door. (There is no dialogue in this video.) Three couples and lone guys show sex at the club. Smresnoi finally joined.
818 ::: Backdoor Bangin' (2006) ::: adult ::: Time to have a back door, good time! This hot DVD has all the filth that anal can put on the screen! This contains XXX rated, deep connection, butt filling, looting, gooisalade, anal action once on this side of the cheeks!
819 ::: White Trash (2002) ::: adult ::: From his concert-Lovin wife (Rowdy Carson) town, Uncle Luther (Trent Cougar), his lust-lum against Geremia (Brett Wolf) and Cousin Amos (Rod Barry) Packed with their afternoon sex and "Jerry Springer" ... Until the pig is stolen. Vermins are punished, porn-star style.
820 ::: The Coach's Daughter (1992) ::: adult ::: A high school football team is scheduled to be held in a match against an unacceptable team from another school, and the team coach will surely lose against the unacceptable team. His daughter comes with a plan to ensure that her father's team will win: she and many of her friends will have sex with the members of the opposing team, which leads to their exhaustion on the game day to the point that they will be very tired to win.
821 ::: Raw (2000) ::: adult ::: Jerry was an actor to work, follow a straight woman. One work from friendly from a friend and set the porn movie. When one of the people does not indicate, Jury Jerry's next step, become a porn and the process. How can Jerry get into charge of his job (with the meaning of secrets) to be a secret wife?
822 ::: Blue Jeans (1982) ::: adult ::: Fashion Designer Pan and his Bokome Woman Alas go in the locker room for his registration, and Dambi goes after meeting them. After he encountered the jane, the dubai gets together with her old recognition Tony. At the same time, the party's gurney hyppippi is doing about the mistake at the pair of mistake, but decides to hire their new movies a cheap maxine chickens. Deby Sister Cinde comes to see and notes the debit that they were closer. As the customer msr. Duboos arrived for dinner, Sinda medicine is already the banking shindrus password highlight. Higher to everyone, candy goes for DINBOS private. The only one to avoid food
823 ::: Dynamic Vices (1987) ::: adult ::: When a male prostitute is examined, he tells the story of a Bordel Madam, who is supposed to do male stripper only if they first "audition" by giving their cunnilingus, an action that hypnotizes them mysteriously. In this strange hypnosis, they then stand out as slaves for every mood because it refuses to continue to fully intercourse. Two lustful female detectives examine the brothel of the Madam until they manage to remove the way for their lieutenant - and the former lover of the Madam - to take the Madam office and to seduce them with the presentation of everything * * Cunnilingus before you arrest them.
824 ::: Class Reunion (2004) ::: adult ::: Several former college students decide to have a class -reunion to renew old friendships. Unfortunately, one of her old classmates is now a prominent politician who has to find a stressful photo that is assumed that he is owned by one of the participants. One of one is taken to the girls, gagged and rope so that the man can look for the embarrassing evidence. In the second history, two bikini-Klad-Babes are snapped on a beach, bound and gagged and through the forest marches into a van that is stationed to bring them to an unknown goal.
825 ::: Tribute to the 50's (2003) ::: adult ::: First: Lindsey can't wait for his big appointment. But instead of the "Malta store", she is kidnapped by cruel foreigner and imprisoned in strict slavery to be exchanged by fuel to a distant galaxy. Then, Lindsey plays Bettie Paige's granddaughter in a history of missing photos, realistic clothes and tight ropes and jokes.
826 ::: 'Ginger' Does Em' All (1988) ::: adult ::: Set the air of gamblers, coorders, who practice the tour, the couple (Tom Hartley) is in the racket, no paper. They have many things and than they know ... Not only their secrets are similar; They both have one loved, ginger (Alicia mootet). Each time identifies others, end and shocks will be a viewer like the 'Ace into the cache'!
827 ::: White Trash (2002) ::: adult ::: With his wife from Karaoke-Lo (Road Carson) outside the city, Uncle Luther (Trent Kugar), his lustful nephew Jeremiah (Bret Wolfe) and cousin Amos (Rod Barry) pack their afternoon with sex and Jerry Springer ... while The family pig is not stolen. Varmints are punished, porn star.
828 ::: Disconnected (1992) ::: adult ::: At midnight, a handsome young man fights insomnia, the result of a joke phone call. While he falls inside and out of sleep, he has three different erotic dreams: a test with a hunter in the backyard of the 1950s. Immediately with French sailors who were in the 1940s (paid tribute to Jean -Gent).
829 ::: Panty Gagged (2009) ::: adult ::: Women can bet on her friend and escape from being tied up by spread al, but loses betting. The two roommates are the sacrifice of theft that ties and exhales them before taking a vacation. She borrows a sexy suit for a date, restrains a woman firmly and exhales, and gets her path. She cannot participate in the championship match.
830 ::: Welcome Stranger (1974) ::: adult ::: This is what you should do ... part of the welcome committee of this neighborhood is to make the new occupants feel welcoming in their new homes, which is necessary. "Welcomome Stranger" is a shameless version of that premise: an ode to a new type of association of housing owners.
831 ::: Best Butte in the West (1992) ::: adult ::: New York Executive Advertising, Kathryn, is sent to Butte, Montana to revitalize a failed bar. She decides to hold a better butt competition, similar to wet T -shirt competitions, and various city dwellers fight for the title for their interesting personal reasons.
832 ::: Tied-Up Babysitters (2008) ::: adult ::: A little boy likes to entice his beautiful, tufts of babysitters to play cops and robbers, leaving the elderly helpless, bound and closed. His mother and father are not in love with this form of care, so they connect and stab the unfortunate women even more remedied and then laugh at them to show their discontent.
833 ::: The Freshmen (1997) ::: adult ::: "The Freshman" focuses on homosexual activities surrounding a new first -year student on a California campus. And everything happens in the first days. Hanson is that first -year student, but he doesn't seem to meet anyone until he appears to promise a fraternity. In the middle, the boys next door, the bedrooms in the bathroom and the athletes in the locker room have sex. Even your new roommate puts only one night before making that decision. It is a surprise revelation that is also there to commit to him.
834 ::: Harmony's Jewell (1999) ::: adult ::: Jewel Marseau is shown in this model profile of one of the most famous stars harmony concepts. Buxom Shyama says about her background, how she became involved in fatish modeling and then shows some of her favorite binding status.
835 ::: White Trash (2002) ::: adult ::: With his Karaoke-Lovin 'Frau (Rowdy Carson) outside the city, Uncle Luther (Trent Cougar), his lustful nephew Jeremiah (Bret Wolfe) and Cousin Amos (Rod Barry) are packing their afternoons with sex and "Jerry Springer" ... until the family pig is stolen. The varmints are punished in the pornstar style.
836 ::: Harmony's Jewell (1999) ::: adult ::: Jewell Marceau is presented in this model profile of one of Harmony Concepts. The Buxom brunette tells of her origin how she got involved in modeling a fetish and then demonstrates some of her favorite positions of slavery.
837 ::: Little Miss Curious (1991) ::: adult ::: Ashley Lauren converts a relaxing trailer park into Sin City on Wheels because she breaks every rule in her book. From teasing every man in a five -miles radius, she coveres all the bases, until it gets stuck with her cousin boyfriend. But, she has high aspirations and shows them in the national men's magazines, causing her to suffer real bisexual.
838 ::: Sex-cirkusse (1974) ::: adult ::: The circus will really close its doors, the audience is no longer interested in it, with so many porn movies in the city ... unless! ... desperate acrobats, clowns, lion ramers and tricksters go naked on stage in their circus.
839 ::: Sticky Lips (1993) ::: adult ::: Randy Spears as a director of adult movies who has to live the same terrible day again and again, on the set of bad porn, with too little money and time to do a good job, too many difficult performers and too many others Problems that can and often arise when creating these things. Can I finish your movie? Can he wake up from your nightmare? Is this even a nightmare, or the life he chose to live? Will he grow as a person or just scream "cut" and do it again?
840 ::: No Business Like Show Business (2000) ::: adult ::: Kidnapping young women and forcing them to "star" in bondage movies can be a strange way to make a living but sure that it is profitable. Neither Tom or Dolores felt the money-but there is trouble in heaven --- Dolores F.B.I. Has become an informer for. The helpless, grand young victims are bound and strangled for 24 hours a day-even when they are sleeping-or eating breakfast! His cruel prisoners forced him to bear all kinds of restraints and gags- the business does not show amazing! Full of six beautiful women, tied on screen and gagging, on efforts to escape and tight bond, it is packed with a "film within a film" with a two -hour action that does not allow to leave!
841 ::: Code Red (2006) ::: adult ::: Code Red is a private sex club in an Eastern European City. To enter, you need an invitation. Smeshnoi gives them these and later collects them for a shell paid at the door. (There is no dialogue in this video.) Three couples and a couple of single guys show to make sex at the club. Smeshnoi eventually joins it.
842 ::: Til Death Do Us Part (2001) ::: adult ::: Close friend! 。 Double wedding! However, if the bride and two bride will be invited, tied, a monkey aged, and remained tied up on the bed, something that began like a dream will be realized. Is a terrible nightmare. Karen thought it made sense to see her, chloroform, a monkey aged, and suffered the same fate by consulting a lawyer.
843 ::: Sisters (2006) ::: adult ::: Jessica is a child and complicated. He did not understand amazing affection to have an elder in the old age. More than deep respect, he loves it. No one to talk to her willingness to speak to him, Jessica lost his desire to speak to him.
844 ::: Ladies Night (1980) ::: adult ::: The sexually frustrated housewife, Betty does not obtain the carnal fulfillment she needs and desires of her husband of addict negligent footballer. Betty decides to rectify the situation by leaving with his rowdy friends Irene and Angie in a swingent nightclub where Bawdy's pleasure and fornication are on the agenda.
845 ::: Akira's Nightmare (2004) ::: adult ::: A beautiful black-slopes face nightmares where he is dreaming is the victim of the bobel who hides, by the house with the house and gagging. When he woke up, he discovers his dreams just something true. In the second story, a shaped courier arranged by a thief's collection of a slaughter company who plans to steal movies. When an ideal cancer cancer tries to intervene, he fastened fastest and combined.
846 ::: Archer's Last Day (1999) ::: adult ::: This adult film is about an angry factory worker who had just left his job, and is now raping women ... including his wife. Because of his dark deeds, he has been punished by being sent to hell. There he continues his sexual escapes, but all the good things end.
847 ::: Tales from the Foxhole (1999) ::: adult ::: Two horny young marines discuss personal homosexual experiences in detail before the night falls. While the Thunder Rolls and Lightning flashes, Lyons dreams of its basic training session. There, Marines masturbate in her glass when the drilling instructor suddenly catches her and the perpetrators cut him. The others are forced to masturbate in education. While dawn breaks and the rain stops, the two Fuchslochkumpels discover their mutual lust.
848 ::: Helping Hands, Volume 5 (2006) ::: adult ::: Five Czech guys enter the Higgins studio individually to be interviewed, photographed, filmed, caressed, licked, pulverized, stripped, surveyed, sucked and caressed. Higgins and his assistants provide hands. Usually he also calls his face and body when he penetrates too much in the frame, but some shots go by. The holes are cut in underwear (watch the brown stain) or cut from certain models. They shower later, also with help. Auto-promotional web links are presented at the beginning and at the end of the film.
849 ::: Please 3: The Asian Manifest (1999) ::: adult ::: This adult film focuses mainly on a long scene that presents three Asian women: Jazzmine, Jade Marcela and Sammi Moon! The guy who has sex with them is the famous Nacho Vidal.
850 ::: The Incredible Hulk XXX: A Porn Parody (2011) ::: adult ::: Dr. David Banner and his lonely colleague, Dr. Elana Marks, are trying to find out how sexual frustration leads to superhuman power. However, the banner goes too much when experimenting with the gamma, and when he is angry, his inner sex beast is released.
851 ::: Sex Play (1984) ::: adult ::: Author writer has been devastating, the Jeff condemns his women to sell and stick. For distractions, a distraction story determines the tabletoid stories to justify his body and Jeff and Jeff and Jeff and Jeff and Jeff are showing the rumors of Jeff.
852 ::: Brazilian Holiday 2 (2005) ::: adult ::: It starts with some unaccountable Brazil buttons in Brazil and that provide an unexplomed sailor, lower and dirty man to man. They continue their sweat -off vacation in the ocean while Muscle Hunk Marcelo Cabrll is championship with two wonderful offers for your happiness. While driving away to a hot point on the holiday, Pablo Paixao cannot resist and pick up the wonderful Ricardo cafe that stands in long distances on the street. Joel Guimburg is also looking for a vacation, from his balcony and feels heat when his friend sees the guarding of goalkeeper Marcelo Kabral and his amazement stops saying hello and Relainsxx. Meanwhile, elsewhere near chocolate sensation, Sergio Dourado cannot have enough of Matheus Reseland Bubble ASS - returning to the beach to save some lives, Marcello Cabral enables to save Gabriel Duprat
853 ::: Kidnapped! (2001) ::: adult ::: The daughter of the scientist was stolen to force his father to cooperate with criminal plans. His two friends go to search for it, but they were quickly tied to chlorophorm and tightly tied and bristles and then left in a dumped building to care for their destiny.
854 ::: Slave Farm (1991) ::: adult ::: Shanna McCollough is the mistress of a slave farm, where the trapped women work before being sent into slavery. It also has an operation in the City, where fresh victims are kept before being sent to the farm. Fauna and Darian Haze are two such victims brought to the farm by Candy, the Shanna right woman. Fauna and Darian work with Rebecca, but when their weeding work shows no signs of finish soon, Shanna decides to punish the two recruits. The pairs are chain and whipped before taking turns that are pony girls, pulling Shanna around the farm in a cart. Meanwhile, Emily escapes but is trapped. Shanna blamed Candy to escape and spread it before punishing Emily. Shanna leaves for her city operation, where Maya brought Marilyn to the cell occupied by Desi and the sweets of Maya Stephanie, who expects Marilyn to touch her feet. When Marilyn tells her to touch something else, she gets caught for punishment, the first one with whipping, then suspension from the ceiling. Desi collects a fight with Stephanie and ends up being punished by Shanna before Stephanie joins her. When the word reaches the city that the inmates have the slave farm, Shanna also loses control of the city's operation, and she closes pulling the weeds, in the chains, at the farm its own.
855 ::: The Matrixxx: A Muscle Explosion (2004) ::: adult ::: As one of the professional planets in bodybuilding in order to win the competition that decides who is the most wonderful man there - Matrixxx - he decides to remove his enemies on one by one. Whether it is through extortion, payment, anesthesia or destroying their methods, it has set its goal on the cup.
856 ::: Juliet's Promise (1993) ::: adult ::: Juliet has promised her boyfriend that she will do whatever she wants if she attends a family reunion in her parent's home, without realizing that she involves being bound in increasingly tight bonding positions and, eventually, Removing her gingham clothing and lacy bra. In the subsequent vine, blonde shapely megan is tied and drilled and is allowed to struggle with power with most of her clothes removed.
857 ::: Hardcore Threesomes (2017) ::: adult ::: Get ready for the most popular Drieweg Fuck Fest you've ever seen. Hard X proudly presents "hardcore trios" with wild and intense sexual scenarios. In this case, three are absolutely no crowds. With Romi Rain, Vicki Chase, Elsa Jean, Gina Valentina and more in the lead. Directed by Mick Blue. Don't miss this hot release.
858 ::: "College Rules" (2010) ::: adult ::: Six hot brunettes at Coed College are engaged in a competition in which each of them is tasked with getting as many boys as possible to do their faces for a period of 24 hours. Each girl is followed by an impartial witness for the 24-hour period to maintain an accurate and honest impact account (HA-HA) of the events of hand-held camcorders. It's a "hard" job, but these girls like to become sticky.
859 ::: The Tease (1992) ::: adult ::: Ghepting writing about sexual views will be like a good cake of cake - unless you can make you celebrate the world's largest movie. Moemen's reports by the Teacher-winning Jon Leslie.
860 ::: The Woman from S.E.C.Re.T. (2016) ::: adult ::: When a parmantic member of alien royalty is abducted by a masked intruder, a secret government agency sends its top agent to investigate her disappearance. It didn't take long, she is caught by another villain with a hood and is still a safe tied and pinched prisoner. In the meantime, an alliance of SuperHeldines assigns their own champion to save the innocent victims, but she is the victim of a sinister clone and ends unmasked and clarified with a vibrator where it is most good, while the villains make their escape.
861 ::: Family Heat (1985) ::: adult ::: Clumsy waiters are the key element in this family led by the family where food is not the only thing that is served hot! Whether they are included with the meal or on the side, these small hot pastes work extremely a lot to win their advice! The lustful staff of Buffy Davis, Kari Foxx and Helga Sven turn boilers to a strong rate with Rachel Ryan inattentive by setting the temperature early to get all cummers! Filmed on an authentic tavern in Los Angeles, daily specialties are juicy and always cooked to order. This is a family restaurant living up to his motto: "The customer always scores!"
862 ::: Ines Escort Deluxe (2016) ::: adult ::: Enter the personal life of an escort girl who is not at all shy. Enter the secret and closed world of high -end escorts. Three young women, high-end experts, invite you to join their truly perverted games and acknowledge your most intimate experiences ahead of you. Inčs, 26 years old. Safe in her seduction, she began to escort to satisfy her two passions: sex and luxury. With her designer clothes, linen and high heels, she meets every unusual fantasy of her wealthy clients, Kimber, 22 years old, freshly initiated by a friend, does not restrain herself and reveals everything about her first experiences. Sexual apprentices, fetishes and anal lead her to her first true carnal awakening of the moon, at the age of 19. This pretty brunette hangs on accompanying sites just to be provocative. Insolent and not ashamed at all, she is not hesitant to use her youth to seduce men of all ages, similar to the evening who spent sex with seven perversions in a sexual sauna.
863 ::: Fashion Love (1984) ::: adult ::: The film starts with Marina and young women who have come. He gives them something to eat and drink the drink and for retirement in their room. It seems to be shocking women as they move into a big sense of spirit. Marina began to engage in one of the girls or the doorbell. There is one man in the door that Marina takes him into the other girls until Marina tells her to a woman and the man leading the man. The area of ​​the root area there is a manger picking up in the first girl where they started sexual. The first man continues to have sex. Later, it was arriving at the time we had Mmf that includes sex with interest if it makes Marina trying to do some pictures. The two girls do something that is going to get a gun and shoot Marina and one of the boys and they have sex with them.
864 ::: Bad Girls IV (1986) ::: adult ::: The legend continues. Bad Girls IV: From the production team that brought you Bad Girls I, II and III. "The Spielberg/Lucas of Adult Film" - March Penthouse 1985. Filmed in the place in 35 mm. With original music, with many beautiful girls and handsome men. Bad Girls IV is the sexual comedy of the year. The film mixes hot red sex and heavy laughs in a story of three passionate young people who leave Kansas to find fame and fortune. It is the story of a modern Casanova and its search to establish a world record for love women and win a $ 150,000 prize. Bad Girls IV presents one of the largest casts and full of stars that has ever appeared in an adult film and the wildest wedding ever filmed. This feature is really a classic of adult films!
865 ::: Loose Times at Ridley High (1988) ::: adult ::: The succulent girls of Ridley High are about to graduate and this takeoff full of lust of a famous book meets each youth fantasy he has dreamed. Mad in love with male teachers run unbridled as our young sweets explore their sexuality loans, as well as the bodies of others. So young, so innocent, so tender, these little and beautiful girls, adorned in their mus uniforms with half, cross their virginal legs for their instructors. With shoulder straps that describe their pert, young breasts, teachers fight to maintain their furious passions. Student: Teachers conferences acquire a completely new meaning !! HOT!!
866 ::: Psychoporn (2006) ::: adult ::: O Let's get back - let's do dinner on the lamp, don't forget to spend aperitif and talk politely and forget to talk politely - these six people want your deeply. This X-Tream Hardcore is a deep suction hood, with a depth, a large number of holes and large quantities, these houses before the Great Britain to 11th As the UK, you cancel your ass.
867 ::: Leather Intrusion Case 4: Down to the Wire (1997) ::: adult ::: In the final chapter of this 4-part series, Stoli escaped from the Death Trap that was determined by the spider and gets his brother Jack out of his power. Stoli discovers how the street drug Rawhide is sent and the spider has planted a bomb in their car. Stoli and Sky make their move, but a henchman steals their car, not knowing that it has a bomb and drives it in the drug hole. Stoli and Sky escape before the bomb explodes and destroy the warehouse and the spider. Stoli realizes that his homophobia was a form of self -denial and letting go, starts a romance with his partner.
868 ::: White Trash (2002) ::: adult ::: With the dynasty of Karaoke Lovin (Touhdy Carson), his bare nude (trent wolf) and the nandarge (Rhe Barst) after the afternoon and "Jerry sprinker" ... Until the family pigs stolen. Warmedes are punished, porn-star style.
869 ::: Wine Me, Dine Me, 69 Me (1983) ::: adult ::: You cannot ask for more famous cast of adult contractors than what this show offers! Join SEKA, Annette Haven, Anna Ventura, Serena and the enticing Pia Snow in a fairy tale in impeccable inconvenience and fast frols!
870 ::: Private Film 1: Anal Academy (1993) ::: adult ::: The headmaster of a small British Public School for girls has been annoyed at the derogatory behavior of their six students. They flirt with groundsmen, male employees and even each other. He hits a new French mistress (Tabath Cash) who calls his instructions wrong and sympathize with the plight of the girls. They arrange a Russia: drug coffee. While the head teacher is sleeping in the staff room, there is an anal orgy around him and the photos are reduced. Teachers and employees are happy with their dream partner.
871 ::: Lure of the Triangle (1977) ::: adult ::: Filmed on location in the Crystal Waters of the Devil's Triangle. Steaming sex combined with beautiful underwater photography. This is a treasure hunt to end all treasure hunts. We will not spoil the plot by telling you which beautiful Patricia Rivers and Virile Mike Cone are looking, or that they find it, but we will guarantee that there is a wealth of all types in every last framework of this movie for the viewer . The triangle will lure you inside!
872 ::: Aberraciones sexuales de una mujer casada (1981) ::: adult ::: Cecilia is a haughty aristocrat who likes to humiliate her servants. One day, her life changes completely when raped by three of her servants. The experience turns out to be pleasant because it transforms Cecilia into a sexually freed woman. She convinces her husband that seeing other people will improve their relationship. But after a while, this erotic life seems to have a drawback.
873 ::: Story of Laly (2009) ::: adult ::: What do you do when your 15 minute fame ends as a TV reality show star? Well, you can publish it by creating an amateur sex video, as Jenna Louis of the "Survivor" season. But, when your boyfriend is Adult Film Star, Triston Seagal, you have set your sight more. Lali, who starred in a season in the French reality show "Secret Story", appears here in all its glory. There is really no conspiracy, but there is a fatty theme, with a handcuff and leather outfit. The three scenes of Lali are all with Triston, though two of them have their head covered in a black leather mask. The rest of the cast joins different groups. The beginning of an auspicious adult film for Lali, which is described as "perhaps the future ambassador of sex in France" on the B Cover Q cover.
874 ::: Tribute to the 50's (2003) ::: adult ::: First - Lindsey can't wait for his day. But instead of "the Malt" is removed from the cruel visitors and threw it in prison for a long distance. Then Lindsey playes Bettie Piegi Powpha Piethi, suitable photo, clothes, and cords and gags.
875 ::: "College Rules" (2010) ::: adult ::: Six hot brunettes at Coed College are engaged in a competition in which each of them is tasked with getting as many boys as possible to do their faces for a period of 24 hours. Each girl is followed by an impartial witness for the 24-hour period to maintain an accurate and honest impact account (HA-HA) of the events of hand-held camcorders. It's a "hard" job, but these girls like to become sticky.
876 ::: Head Nurse (1973) ::: adult ::: Staff at a New York City Hospital engage in all kinds of strange behavior and Kooky: Madcap Dr. Millstein takes it with different nurses, Dr. Rogers not only harass a skull and violates the test tubes, but also has sex with a corpse, and nurses participate in lesbian mergers with each other.
877 ::: Object of Desire (1983) ::: adult ::: His innocence and beauty were overwhelming! Thousands of miles away, located in the heart of the South African bush there is an Bordello. It is an ancient, rustic and exotic establishment that houses scores and dozens of beautiful girls. There, they are obliged to serve and attend to the wishes of the passionate aristocracy and at some peculiar moment. "Object of desire" is exquisitely photographed and made in the style of "Emmanuelle" and "History of O", except, of course, the scenes are explicit. With Juliet Anderson of fame "Aunt Peg"!
878 ::: Bondage Potpourri (2014) ::: adult ::: When visiting the old friend, two women with sexy finds a hidden book of photography. When the friend returned and arrested in practice, two guests would be new. Five other women holding through the game day or the substance that prevents it and speaks.
879 ::: Grab and Bind of Amarna Miller: A Nude for a Nude Exchange (2016) ::: adult ::: A beautiful Spanish woman is KID, stripped naked, tied to an evil intruder, and aged monkey. The invitation claims to give him a valuable copy of Goya's famous paintings for women. When negotiations are slower than the evil wishes, the thug puts his over -over hair maiden in a harsher binding.
880 ::: Adolescentes au pensionnat (1979) ::: adult ::: Beautiful students in the girls in the girls seeking to hit their man's teachers. Because of the school financial problems so that you can go, but when students began to come, the girls turned their attention.
881 ::: Bondage Potpourri (2014) ::: adult ::: While visiting an old friend, two sexy ladies find a secret notebook of captivity photos. When the friend returns and attracts them, two restricted visitors are dumb and forced to become the latest inputs. The other five sexy women are captured by blind dates or invaders and are safely stunned.
882 ::: Crazed (1992) ::: adult ::: Two friends leave their husbands and left in themselves. But along the way they accidentally kill a man in a bar (or do them) and make the habit of robbing banks. Then they meet a few hot lesbian drifters.
883 ::: Starlet Nights (1982) ::: adult ::: A beautiful but wicked stepmother Joyce White seeks to be the most righteous woman of all in Hollywood, California. When she discovers that her sweet virgin brought -in -law Snezhanka has usurped her status, Joyce comes up with a plan to ruin Snow's reputation as a pure and innocent girl.
884 ::: A Night for Legends: First Annual XRCO Adult Film Awards (1985) ::: adult ::: To put together a prize is a memorable job. Oscar, Imummy, Tony, Horber, they all had a lot of practice, and the consequences are prompted, prospects is a professional vision. But, the first show for each of each is probably something messy. This XRCo's first XRCa's attempt is the first attempt to an X Bank banking organization for adult film industry. Disorder does not start the description. Played in Western Hollywood at the players, 1985, XRCOCO gave to 15-hearted and three others in the whole male category. Additional five attractive, the "Funny Libya" and "orgasmic oral The participants left in special sizes. A special capabilities and five acters, five players, three players, three film, three films, three films, three films for the first time. A co-cord arrived late. A three-hour electrical energy was late between the first and second prizes presentation, "the only thing that works is the only thing." Some selected participants When the lights went out, last minute was reconciliation and alternatives. The most process will be able to combine all. Winner movies separated with clips. This is the rail's scary, but you can't see.
885 ::: Provinciales en chaleur (1981) ::: adult ::: Garad returned to a provincial city where he reminds him of the happy moments shared with local women. They all seem to be around, and so they invite their bonds to their hotel rooms to renew - and on a few occasions the maid Millen joins.
886 ::: "Divine Bitches" (2009) ::: adult ::: A mother is worried about her young son who has problems with muscles and volunteers pain to give a massage because she massages his body. Quickly pushes the finger inside and massages his prostate. He surprises him surprised that he clamps himself to resist, but she has her hand on his back and holds him down with the face so he can't move and slowly edits her finger while he relaxes and admits him to his knees bent And continues with further and start stroking it and massaging on his prostate and milking it dry. While he exhausts and relieved on the bed and relieved, he asks if she can do that regularly for him.
887 ::: Bad Girls 5: Maximum Babes (1995) ::: adult ::: Dyanna is in the biggest security and arranges her strange new cellomates and hardships in a line. She begins to fancy the remaining lover, and our camera follows her thoughts and follows her backcountry. And the reality of the life of the prison will take over. She is enjoying sexual freedom with the hands of a security guard in a prison. Residents, Brurdike, do not stop anything to taste the forbidden fruits. Finally, wild orgy erupts to create a detour of keratin to escape Dianna.
888 ::: Chloroform Bandits (2002) ::: adult ::: The negligent young woman entered the homes, chloroforming and gagging the victims, and robbing the victims, and robbing the house - that is, she enjoys it until she enters the house, where she does not overcome her inhabitants. Soon she will sniff the knockout smoke and is against the ropes that limit. In the second story, a beautiful woman realizes that she cannot disappoint her guard when a crafty prisoner is in charge of a prisoner.
889 ::: On White Satin (1980) ::: adult ::: Those things build up to each other when we see the departure below the soft satin sheet. From Honeymon and Fargening Tooga, and satin satin appears that it is the best for the picture to have a large leg, the arm and thigh. The popularity is doing in Sattin White.
890 ::: Love Secrets of the Kama Sutra (1970) ::: adult ::: The young couple are experiencing problems in their lives marriage / life, and visit the Indian arrangement, and ask for help. He teaches them the variety of approval as described in ancient Indian artistry of Vetsaya '. Multiple situations are displayed in any situation by various activities and vignottes. When they directed them by the ancient newspaper (not all the books covered here, not the description), the couple left understand understanding. But before they go into their car, they stop at some bushes and the park, and go to love and open. The woman who has read (found in some of some of some) to come on them, and participate in the entertainment (this film is a little picture after the past). The users itself appears and finally, and the eyes and smile with a smile, before moving forward.
891 ::: Missy Martinez: Fucked Ra (2015) ::: adult ::: Lust is the most primitive among all instincts, which carry the ages. Messi Martinez will crown gods in any era, and the advantage of their display is the culmination of the unparalleled strength, mystery and intensity. She joined James Dean, Apilla Danger, Vicky Chis, Adriana Shichik and more, Messi begins the final passion of emotion, including the first scene ever of Dubai Ports Director, a one -time event. Gods are waiting.
892 ::: Prized Possession (1978) ::: adult ::: A number of highly sexual events in this coarse -grained story, which was told with the eyes of a man who remembers his most intimate thoughts. The eroticism showed shifts from fantasy scenarios to unpopular, steaming sex between people whose meat -like chemistry is unattached. The beautiful cinema -ending Samantha Fox, who literally lowers the leaves in fiery fornication with Bobby Astry, is of a value. All in all - a good mix of episodic sex that show some very intense people.
893 ::: Private Film 1: Anal Academy (1993) ::: adult ::: The manager of the youngest British school of girls for girls is angry in their six students wild behavior. They are silent with land, male employees and even in the middle of each other. He is a new French malis (Tabrati cash) who obey their instructions and symptoms with the status of the girls. They reset once: drugs. While the head teacher sleeps in the employee's room a yearly placed in place of his surroundings and the firefighters are taken. Teachers and employees are happy, with the partner of his or her dreams.
894 ::: Layover (2001/II) ::: adult ::: Two gorgeous flight passengers are resting during a routine until a thug is breaking and breaking women. She quickly connects the ladies and decides to kill the time by loving the limited beauties. In the second story, the two nurses working at night are captured and have to open a fraud for the fraud, and then remain safe while the thief makes them rest.
895 ::: On White Satin (1980) ::: adult ::: Sexy things happen when we see a soft, sexy white satin sheet. From the honeymoon couple to the Wild Command Toga Party, on White S in Tin proves that it is the best condition for a picture that will have great legs, sexy weapons and beautiful thighs. Sexy things occur on white satin.
896 ::: Chi, Cometa (1986) ::: adult ::: Poor Scouncels put his time on the beach, seeing the way to get money: the way to each other. Her girlfriend and girl of her woman, it begins, of course, one way to attract girls for girls.
897 ::: Private Shoot (2002) ::: adult ::: In the first story, a photography meeting turns into something more related when the model is overwhelmed with a gun held, then bound and gagged. In the second history, three beautiful women are captured by a house invader who enjoys his formal victims.
898 ::: My First Time with a Mommy (2014) ::: adult ::: My first order with my mother is lesbian meetings for the first time to meet with adolescent girls with another woman. Milk miles, like mothers and stepmothers, do not hunger hunger students for the first time.
899 ::: Langues cochonnes (1978) ::: adult ::: The owner is a formercase of a fierce sex and is his breakfast, vertebrae. The Lord supported his wife's employees and his blackboard borrov and his blackboard courae, Bafthantasir films for his side taste to taste his own daughter. On a journey to Mont Carlo Vicronic and eventually apply to the gang bang her in a private match. At the same time, the Belathaar found his dreams (very large) girl in the same party.
900 ::: Sweater Girls (1999) ::: adult ::: A boring Monday turns into panic when a beautiful secretary is abducted by an attacker and then secured and bound. In the next story, two roommates are occupied by truss and intoxicating by a rented assassal, so that they do not interfere with their plans to kill a person living in their apartment building. In the third story, a rich woman is kidnapped by a dirty villain and can only hop that the ransom will be paid quickly, so she can be released from tight ropes and strict gag that controls her Is.
901 ::: 'Ginger' Does Em' All (1988) ::: adult ::: Gamblers, concerts, mobs and bookmakers atmosphere, married couple (Tom Bron and Nina Hartley), each other, each other. They are more common than they know ... not only their secret occupations; Both of them have that lover, ginger (Alicia coin). When each of them betrayed others, the amazing ending viewer will beat the audience like a "ACE" of the Spectator of the Spectator!
902 ::: King of the Hill (2015) ::: adult ::: The winner of the best bottom at the 2015 Hustaball Awards, the King of the Hill Allen King's smile of a thousand watt lights up any room in it and everyone can feel that only positive energy has burst from it. We are almost sure that Rodin carved Allen's beautiful body. Never shy about his love for sex, Allen's skills are apparent every time he is peeled off.
903 ::: X-Men: A Gay XXX Parody (2016) ::: adult ::: Wolverine and Cyclops relieve part of the stress that entails saving the world in X-Men: a gay parody XXX. Wolverine conforms to her huge pulsating cock inside Cyclops and fucks her with all her strength before leaving and bursting her superhuman semen throughout her partner's face. The ice is found below, where the anger of Iceman and Pyro takes them on a passionate plowing path.
904 ::: Double D Housewives (1994) ::: adult ::: After a fake castration threat, a housewife seduces a delivery man. The story reveals that it was his last day because he graduated from a computer school. A bisexual housewife forces himself to another who prefers to go to work. An insurance agent refuses to claim another housewife, while the new computer technician claims that your computer cannot be remedied. At the same time, she motivates both men until she reveals that she tricked her for sex. She therefore reveals a video camera that she filmed and blackmailed her to honor her promises. The first bisexual housewife, who is casual, starts with the insurance agent who sniffed on the underwear. She blackmails him to enter her room, where she suddenly forces him to sniff something else. The second bisexual housewife that her earthquake inspector is her attacker's husband wins revenge by seducing him before unveiling that she was also intimate with his wife.
905 ::: Beneath the Mermaids (1975) ::: adult ::: After a wreck, a young couple lands on a mysterious island. They fall into the clutches of a band of semi -naked, sadistic and lesbian lesbian Amazon who torture and abuse sexually. One night, the girl is forced to fight the Queen of the Amazon for survival, in a cave illuminated by torches, and end up using flame sticks against the bodies in topless.
906 ::: Sista 25 (2008) ::: adult ::: The whole girl is the best selling a silver version of the silver, all chocolate series are here! The Business Business Business New Hoizes NIA and Homsey Nicole, Siam Tiya Siam Tiye Tilos
907 ::: The 3 Phases of Eve (1972) ::: adult ::: Eve has a problem: she believes that there are three individuals, one of whom is prudent, the other of whom is sexy and seductive, and the third is a completely nymphomaniac with wild eyes. She refers to her doctor all sexual adventures in which he or she is engaged in.
908 ::: Entering the Student Body (2005) ::: adult ::: After being fired from a pizza job, Dave decided to enroll in college. After being refused to enter poorly, he decided to have a sexual intercourse with the enrollment in the hope of changing her heart. As soon as he is hospitalized, he finds a job as a teaching assistant to support education, but instead shites the students. A few weeks later, Dave's grades begin to slide. He has failed in all classes, so he decided to check if he could fuck one of his professors and make extra credit. He couldn't have all the professors, so he decided to study at least one of his classes to maintain his D average. He scrutinizes the campus and finds a hot co -education for his studying colleagues, but he makes her shit before even hitting the book. Currently, his performance and ethics are summoned to the Academic Pacific Observation Bureau for the final screening before being fired from the university. Dave gets a bright idea of ​​trying to fix the academic detectors in hopes of staying at school.
909 ::: The Make Up (2007) ::: adult ::: Mandy and Spencer is having problems of relationship ... he wants to marry, while he wants to move. When Spencer asked his father for advice, Mandy and Spencer flies on top of where couples have a problem. The only problem is by Dad I do not tell them how much is here is ...
910 ::: Virtual Blackjack with Gina Lynn (2006) ::: adult ::: Play blackjack against the porn star Gina Lynn. While you win, she rewards you by undressing. Bet him to bet all his money and you get interactive hardcore sex with Gina on a multi-angle video.
911 ::: Ines Escort Deluxe (2016) ::: adult ::: Enter the private life of an unhappy escort girl at all. Enter the secret and closed world of high-class escorts. Three young women, experts in high-end joy, will be invited to join their true unruly games and accept your closest experiences. Inčs, 26 years. Surely about her seduction forces, she began to escort to fulfill her two desires: sex and luxury. With her designer clothes, underwear and high heels, she meets every extraordinary fantasy of Kimber's Kimber, 22 years old, a friend has not fallen back, and reveals about her first experiences. Sexual apprenticeships, rubber fetishes and anal lead her to her first real body, which is 19 years old. This beautiful brunette is like provocative on escort sites. Cheeo and at all are not ashamed, she does not hesitate to bring her adult men to all ages, and in the evening she has spent sex with seven perversion in steam.
912 ::: The Upsilon Caper (2015) ::: adult ::: When a research laboratory reveals a new type of radiation, to get information about the enemy agent and corporate detective project and leave a dangerous office worker, a government agent and a security expert and to smelle in this process Are desperate.
913 ::: The Fugitive (1997) ::: adult ::: Although Carla and Patrick is in my favorite marriage, Patrick is a few observers, wife does not want his wife to talk to other people. The beach is reading a magazine on the deck in their beach house, which rises and refuses to rise her on the peaks of Carla Carla. He will soon have a husband's house and should leave it, he should not work further. Eventually, if he leaves a deck, he decides to give a kiss, but he accepts him a desire because he came to testify. Patrick gets angry, and their relationship will slow down at this moment. While Patrick was taking a flight, Carla left his ring from a pad and went to be with Iswelle and her husband in Sydney. Patrick Carla is not grateful when he returns to find.
914 ::: Love Free Style (1970) ::: adult ::: A few chicks that decide to have prostitutes to make additional bread. After Pimp, they put rooms, cookies and mari, or mari, or Marie in two directions, sometimes straight and sometimes lesbians. Marie screws, he never wants to leave, but he wants to meet him near him; The cookies will then take it in the middle-aged dicing, it spends it a week before your finger.
915 ::: Private Film 1: Anal Academy (1993) ::: adult ::: The principal of a small British public school for girls is angry at the savage behavior of his six students. They flirt with the founder, the male staff and even between each other. He employs a young French lady (Tabatha cash) who misunderstands his instructions and sympathizes with the girls' condition. They organize a Russian: Drug coffee. While the main teacher is asleep in the staff room, an anal orgy takes place around him and taken incriminating photographs. Teachers and staff end up happy, with the partner of his or her dreams.
916 ::: Rubberella: The Facility (2004) ::: adult ::: One of a number of "rubberella" bondage and bdsm films, which as the title suggests, has many heavy rubber and leather bondage. Arm binders, latex, steel cuffs and ballet boots in industrial strength are all used on the different slaves in "The Facility", a special interactive "branching" DVD, so that the viewer can choose his specific fetish as the film progresses. That is why nobody watching the film is the same, you can enjoy a different bondage scenario every time!
917 ::: Rites of Passion (1987) ::: adult ::: In part I of this two -part anthology, a woman is looking for both more personal and sexual fulfillment. Part II tells of a family values ​​"Mr. Moral", which goes to the TV studio, to record its weekly "Pro Moral" show, but get involved in his own sexual fantasies.
918 ::: Private Gold 20: Dead Man's Wish (1997) ::: adult ::: The rich are living a happy life -money, beloved wife, beautiful house. When his doctor gives him some bad news, this will all change: he has only been a few weeks to live. His wife agrees to help his last wish -experiencing sexual pleasure in his last few weeks.
919 ::: Chloroform Bandits (2002) ::: adult ::: An reckless young woman enjoys entering the homes, chloroformed women in them and, after binding and joining the victims, stealing the house-that is, you enjoy doing so unless you enter the wrong house where it is not strong enough to exceed the inhabitants. So she smelled the knimine fumes and squirming against the ropes they restrict. In the second story, a beautiful woman learns that she cannot leave her guard when she is responsible for an ingenious prisoner.
920 ::: Steamy Windows (1991) ::: adult ::: Rachel Ryan, owner of Art Gallery, uses her sufficient assets that she wants. The original plot is around a new artist who is trying to propagate Rachel, and is also a shady pre-lover type from Ryan's past, which he lost his virginity.
921 ::: Titillation (1982) ::: adult ::: Brendweeks works for Felix Fit Willie, an old businessman who owns a large brass bra. Felix has already hired countless detectives to find a woman who believes that he is enough to fit in his bra. Brenda's husband, Rouster, has to trick her with his new neighbors, and Brenda has to hire the top private detective spado Zappo and Hat Johnson. Brenda provides her own BUXOM to Spado Zappo to achieve that goal. Meanwhile, it turned out that the searched woman was Jeri. Jeri refuses the driver, spikes, and urges him to rape. However, while he was planning to continue from behind when he fell asleep, Pid Johnson, looking from the outside, decided to enter and drove him. Brenda Weeks departs from his house, where she and "Rooster" proves that they have an open marriage by seducing other new neighbors into a trio. Suspicion of the scheme, the detective invades the Felix office with a woman called Amanda. Spado Zappo makes them wait, and at that time Amanda seduces Pigeon Johnson. Eventually, it turned out that all characters were involved in their own plans to get money to find women. Spado Zappo has everyone at the muzzle and tells Jerri to take off her top. The brass bra fits and she agrees that she will soon become a young lover of Rich Felix.
922 ::: Easy Cheeks (2002) ::: adult ::: 1976. Los Angeles. The armpits of the nights here are long, warm and raw-the hostess, Ho and Hitman. A man has the burden of justice. A man can stand up to stand up to what is right. His name is Dutch McQuad. Human beings and he fights against crime.
923 ::: Ask Joy (2012) ::: adult ::: An advisory columnist tries to help women who are bound and pinched. One woman fell for the trick of the fake maintenanceman, another was captured by a burglar, two women were robbed and bound in a store after hours, a jogger was caught when she returned home from her morning run and three other women were safely bound and messed up by ruthless criminals. Even the columnist is recorded on a chair and silent by a thick bandana -stimulus between her teeth.
924 ::: Naked Captives (2003) ::: adult ::: Blonde is caught coming out of a shower, while Brunetta is chloroformed in her nighttie. Both women are tied while they are uncovered and then announced. Healthy victims cannot escape the cruel ropes they restrain and the intruder seems to be enjoying them fighting.
925 ::: Hardcore Threesomes (2017) ::: adult ::: Prepare for the best three -way festival you have ever seen. Hard X is proud to present "hardcore trios" with wild and intense sexual scenarios. In this case, three is definitely not a crowd. Starring Romi Rain, Vicki Chase, Elsa Jean, Gina Valentina and more. Directed by Mick Blue. Do not miss this hot launch.
926 ::: Slaves! (2001) ::: adult ::: A Berley thug and his legendary partner abducted beautiful women to sell a white slavery ring. Women are drawn and silent women struggle to liberate themselves from their binding in which they have a van in which they are holding a hostile pace with foreign criminals.
927 ::: Brazilian Holiday 2 (2005) ::: adult ::: It begins with some of the hottest insatiable bolts of Brazil that offer uninterrupted cruises, Down and Dirty Man-to-Man sex. They continue their steaming and sweaty vacation by the sea, while muscle hunk Marcello Caball plays on their fun in two scenes with spectacular achievements. While Pablo Paixao for a hotspot for the vacation, he cannot resist and absorbs beautiful Ricardo Caffe, which is on the street coupling. Joel Guemberg also on vacation, looks out of his balcony and feel the heat when he sees his friend life swimmer Marcello Caball and to come to his surprise to say hello and relaxxx. In the meantime, the chocolate sensation Sergio Dourado cannot have enough of Matheus Resete's Bubble Ace - back to the beach to save a life, Marcello Cabrall was able to save hungry bottom Gabriel Duprat, who was only waiting to be plowed.
928 ::: Sexual Pursuit (1985) ::: adult ::: Classic 1980 fare, the story of this lighting includes a bored married couple, Tiffany Black and Rick Savez, who are experiencing new sexual circumstances associated with friends coming to the city. For a long time, Summer Rose and Dino Alexander have transferred to California after being on the eastern coast for a very long time. Also celebrate his return, Tiffany and Rick hosted a dinner party. Table conversation revolves around his new career in Tiffany and Rick's friends and in porn. The action soon turns into a upper bedroom, where couples look at one of the tape and in the evening before the evening transform into a sensual experience in fellow swapping. The next night, after experiencing the pain of regret, the couples clinging tightly to their colleagues. The day, Rick and Dino have lunch in a sushi bar, which is actually a front for prostitution, where Asian beauties are Dallas Mico and Christara Barrington Hooker. Hockers waste some time for a whirlpool for free lunch for a whirlpool! With their new comfort with swapping, that night, people made a trivial repetition with their wives.
929 ::: Utopia X (2009) ::: adult ::: The X-1568, a lonely being, desperately longing for a company, is visited by a synthetic cosmic organism that gives it the ability to immerse itself in a new world of illusion where time is in a constant state of flow. This is how the Z-8266 is born, a fantastic figure made of pure energy and a ruthless desire, whose sole purpose is the satisfaction of the continuous lust of the X-1568 for love.
930 ::: The Mole (2001) ::: adult ::: The two sexy spies are asking a Latin American woman working as an enemy as an enemy representative. Women are tied and blurred in the mash between the investigation. For the competition, Agents arrested all three spies and soon women were attached to the roof, becomes Gangangangang.
931 ::: Labbra vogliose (1981) ::: adult ::: While her older sister is absent with George during a honeymoon in the world, the college student Julie decides to stay at her boarding school during the holidays. She has sex with her teacher and gardener Chris before being sent home by the director. Meanwhile, his sister returned from her world tour, and Julie is presented to George and his secretary, Deborah. Julie secretly looks at her sister and George to have sex at night. The following night, she has fun listening to them. In the morning, a mysterious dildo presents itself on its bed; Julie acts shocked, just like everyone else. Julie seduces Deborah (while George watches a Slapstick film on television), manages to go to bed with her, and turns an intrigue against her which finally leads to her dismissal. She then had sex with foreigners ... First with a guy in a car, whose name turns out to be Robert later. Later, it gives tasks to three female female in a row. One night, George, his wife and Deborah show up at a sexual party to which Julie is. Everyone is in the buff but for black capes and face masks. There, they meet Robert and Chris, while a black woman begins to dance and warms the atmosphere. An orgy follows. Later, after her sister went to work, Julie speaks to George about her love for her. She says that she noticed from the start and that they do herself. But then Julie's sister returns, and something terrible has necessarily happened.
932 ::: Good Girl, Don't: Or Be Tied Up (2016) ::: adult ::: An innocent home owner finds himself a victim who adheres to a pair of Larsenus thieves. The male thief doubled her beautiful partner and threw her safely with the early victim and stirred her, and she would soon be slavery.
933 ::: Chi, Cometa (1986) ::: adult ::: Poor Scoundrel who spends all his time on the beach finds a way to get money: a course for comets. Aided by his girlfriend and the daughter of his girlfriend's boss, he begins the course, that is, in fact, a way to attract young women for hot orgies.
934 ::: The Candy Store (1972) ::: adult ::: Rarely Candy's samples play the role of a Bordelo Madam, who loves his women to show their customers to please. The fans of the Condi will be happy with this full-length feature film, which shows both the mature beauty of The Legendary Bust Queen and remarkably erotic personality. Her "house" has a wife of stunning young girls, who is trained by candy samples, who do themselves to perform sexual magic tricks with their warm, luscious body and moist, hungry mouth. Non-stop hardcore action from traditional to bizarre, covers a wide spectrum of adult sexuality. 'Madam' Candy sees it as her duty to give it personally and helps her beloved girls to satisfy many foreign demands of their clients. Bust lovers will be thrilling on the harsh-nipple antics of Kandy and his girls. Oral interludes are rich and intense, especially when Candy displays its own individual sperm-signing techniques. Buxom superstar even kills a whip in the interest of maintaining home discipline! The variations to please every sexual taste are contained within this hard-touch candy bonanza.
935 ::: Private Shoot (2002) ::: adult ::: In the first story, the photographic session becomes something more sophisticated when the model is exceeded in firing, after which it is bound and closed. In the second story, three wonderful ladies were filmed by a home invader, who is enjoying mercilessly engaging and freezing for their formed victims.
936 ::: Teagan vs Jenna (2009) ::: adult ::: Jenna Haze and Teagan Presley compete in a non -direct way. Teagan has two scenes, while Jenna has three. Jenna makes anal sex in the first two, while Teagan only does it in her first. In the end, it is not said which one of them won the so -called competition, but I think it was an unfair dispute because Jenna has more scenes and, therefore, more minutes on the screen ...
937 ::: The Adventures of Miss Boxworthy (2014) ::: adult ::: Beautiful heirs are captured by troublesome villains. She asks a scammer to tie her and gag so that she can practice her escape artist's skills while waiting for her ransom to arrive. If the delivery is performed by the wonderful enemy of the N In the invitation, a wonderful bullnet will be captured, firmly tied, and will be forced to endure a powerful vibrator close to her Nether area. In the unrelated Vinnet, beautiful redheads were captured by snooping in a haunted house, and shaked firmly in an underground dungeon with a lively vibrator to maintain her company.
938 ::: Akira's Nightmare (2004) ::: adult ::: A beautiful black -haired woman is plagued by nightmares where she dreams that she is the victim of a burglar who pulls out, binds and cocks the sleepy woman. When she wakes up, she discovers that her dreams were all too real. In the second story, a well -formed brunette courier is sent to pick up a rare film collection, caught by a thief who plans to steal the films. When a Parmy Blonde secretary tries to interfere, she is quickly bound and squeezed next to the courier.
939 ::: Surfside Sex (1985) ::: adult ::: The summer heat boils at this moment of Malibu under the sexy sun when a group of unobstructed orgasm groups approach a beach house. The action passes from the elevated bedrooms to the beach front jacuzzi to the best private complexion!
940 ::: American Beauty (1993) ::: adult ::: Marc Wallice and Steven St. Croix, a pair of City Slickers, are on the road to recruit for a Hillbilly beauty contest when their truck breaks down in the sticks. Now they are blocked among those they wanted to exploit. So who will exploit who ... in the end?
941 ::: Honor Thy Brother (2004) ::: adult ::: Why do shock and embarrassment at the emotional level offer our strong, most primary romantic behavior? Liquid Dreamz 'Honor Nee brother Brothers Junito and J.C. A compilation of fantasies and scenes, and Junito's stepfather's younger brother Smokey. Director Junito describes a series of Vignates, discussing his deepest secrets and interests, as he delights himself for you.
942 ::: Panty Gagged (2009) ::: adult ::: A woman bets on her friend that she can avoid being tied in a spread, but loses stakes, two roommates fall prey to a borgler, who binds them before making their migration and strangled them Gives, a woman gets furious to borrow a sexy suit for a date and after tying the woman tightly and gag finds her way, a cute blonde finds herself tied in a box-tie While his friend takes his clothes and his date and a thin tennis player is safely bound. She cannot participate in a championship match.
943 ::: The Fiesta (2000) ::: adult ::: Emilia Brandt, the richest woman in the world, invites a select group of guests for her luxurious jungle land estate. Nobody knows the reason why they were invited. They soon discover that they have been invited to a sensual dinner, with erotic deserts!
944 ::: 'A Bit' Too Much Too Soon (1983) ::: adult ::: Cindy's sexual awakening ... a woman full of desire and passion !! Becky Savage is a succulent and saucy adolescent who begins her sex education when pulled into the exciting world of erotism. She started on the 18th and 21 years she was too fast.
945 ::: Archer's Last Day (1999) ::: adult ::: This adult film is about an angry factory worker, who was just fired from his job, and now women, including his wife, have been raped. Due to his dark acts, he has been sentenced to hell and sentenced. There he continues to escape his sexual escape, but all the good things come to an end.
946 ::: Memphis Cathouse Blues (1982) ::: adult ::: Mavis is the Madame of a whore house in Memphis. Her exclusive customer is Sheriff T.J. Thomson, but he can't help her against Reverand Pritchit who sends Deacon Davis and brother Pyle to demonstrate outside. Unfortunately, the demonstrators are quickly lured inside to be with Angel, Cherry and Rose. In the meantime, a woman named Tammy Sue beats on the door and said someone just tried to rap her. Mavis calms her and eventually offers her a job. She coaches her with the sheriff. Rose reminds of a university man named Tommy Lee, whose brother Johnny Lee was at Dixie. For each tradition, the captain of the winning football team Billy Ray then arrives and becomes the first only customer of Tammy Sue. De Sheriff offers to save the whore house by introducing Mavis. Reverand Pritchit personally arrives to stop the ceremony, but his true face is exposed when Tammy Sue reveals that he is the man who tried to rape her.
947 ::: Gang Bang (1985) ::: adult ::: Poor Pete has difficulty finding women who have sex with him, so he goes to a local strip club to hang out. He drives a conversation with the bartender who tells him stories about wild gang pony, and before Pete knows, he gets some action.
948 ::: Riley Steele: Bar Pussy (2010) ::: adult ::: The bartender was given by his friend, who has a pub. His first day is complicated by his cheezi friend, who is easy for shipment because his friend is easier for shipment, and no tangomed harry who is the party on the bar but not money So he suggests that pay for the other ways to pay for her bar tab.
949 ::: Tied Stiff and Exploited (2011) ::: adult ::: Devon is condemned to give up his previous crime life, but his beautiful ex -partners require him to help them make the last result. When he refuses, the two women bind and hammer him, then capture Ariel, his wonderful girlfriend. When she still refuses to cooperate with the Crooks women's rope and hammer the unfortunate woman, then forces the former horse to watch as they caress her girlfriend's huge breasts. When this does not work, they remove Devon's pants and force Ariel to have oral sex. Still resisting the threats of his ex -partner, Devon finds himself a tied goal in a bed with Ariel, tied, and tied it. Ariel can not tolerate more abuse and leaves with the crooks as Devon struggles on the top of his bed. In a bonus vignette, a beautiful stripper loses a cop, in which she allows her to bind him and hammer him while she is in a uniform, then gives an embarrassed employee of the law unwanted oral sex.
950 ::: ScrewberX (2016) ::: adult ::: A comic strange and a strange journey from the inventor-actor-producer-producer Dana Vespoli in which she saves a little better for herself to the end, a strange rectangle with deep anal sex, double penetration and hot face shower.
951 ::: Marilyn - Kleine Spalten, süße Lippen (1980) ::: adult ::: Laura Beaumatou earns her living by selling books on yoga, unfortunately with a limited success. During one of her visits, she meets the beautiful Marilyn, who writes erotic fairy tales. A friendship between the two girls and tells many stories about their erotic wishes and experiences. They enjoy their erotic fantasies, Marilyn finally gives their greatest secret price.
952 ::: Tila Tequila Uncorked! (2011) ::: adult ::: She loves her or hates her, she is a girl she has to see. Tira Taequila is a toast of MTVž with a smash hit "Shot at Love", appearing in Playboyž, Penthousež, Maximj, and almost all fashion magazines. She is also a very troublesome girl ... and we have a tape to prove it. VIVID CELEB brings Tila Tequila Concorked. It was a toy, panties, hotel rooms, cameras wild nights ... and all three were shaking, stirring, and used, but non -stop sex. They say the wonderful tequila will be smooth. Are they right so far?
953 ::: Dangerous Diva's Adorable Damsels (2016) ::: adult ::: Criminals slowly steal a jacket that once belonged to Elvis Presley from a collector and intimidate an investigative reporter seeking to learn the true identity of theft. Both the collector and the journalist end up tied well, stripped, shaved and tormented by black-lined swimming.
954 ::: Crime Does Pay (2004) ::: adult ::: Two stories of the police who are exposed to the burning risk. The first two experienced police officers decided to investigate their own cases without backup or notification to the supervisor. When the pair was grabbed, monkey agged, tied up, remaining in the basement of dunk, they noticed an error on their way. In the second story, a young female police officer goes to find a missing cheerleader and finds her in a abandoned house. Unfortunately, she discovered her discovery, was immediately tied to cheers, was squeezed with a thick cloth, spilled a prisoner, and was struggling to escape desperately.
955 ::: Living Doll (1987) ::: adult ::: Lane (Randy Paul) is the young owner of a toy shop. It looks a little naive and sexually disappointed. Lane is attracted to Bobby (Amber Lynn), the assistant to his sexy shop but he thinks it is a tragic act - especially when he is real with his shop's LSangli. However, none of them know that toys and LSanglis come to life at midnight each night - and they are almost all sex mad. The exception is Barbie Doll (Taiza Rai) and her boyfriend Ken Doll (Steve Drake). Barbie is a good girl and denies the sex of other LSanglea. However, she can change her idea when a toy is a small portion of the toy to join LAN and Bobby to join the toy shelf.
956 ::: Marilyn - Kleine Spalten, süße Lippen (1980) ::: adult ::: Laura Beaumatou makes a living selling books about yoga, unfortunately, with limited success. In one of her visits home, she meets the beautiful Marilyn, who writes stories of erotic fairies. A friendship between the two girls, and tell many stories about their wishes and erotic experiences. They delight with their erotic fantasies, Marilyn finally gives her biggest secret award.
957 ::: The Milkmaid (1975) ::: adult ::: Satisfaction of the Lactation Nation Two jugs at the same time! This is certainly a coarse -grained exploitation film. A lonely woman tells this story about a memorable day in her life. It begins as a neighbor, Debra, whose husband is gone, the bored housewife. Tempting Debra seduces the housewife in an erotic scene of lust and passion. Shortly thereafter, Sandy and her friend Rick reveal a terrible dilemma. It seems that he simply cannot be excited and admits that he longs for a small lactation campaign - which has driven the passions of the milk girls.
958 ::: Heroes (1984) ::: adult ::: Class assignment: write an essay of 500 words on your hero. (1) Danny Connors dreams of being on stage with rotating rock idol Rick Donovan, participating in an imagined public performance (which later becomes private). (2) In the school library, Tony Wilde writes about his older brother Brandon, who came to the Navy. He misses him, he introduces himself to the navy to show his brother how much he has grown. Classmate Rob Daniels (in love with Tony) sees the child satisfying himself and knows Tony's thinking about his absent brother again. He slides under the table to add real sensations to Tony's depicted. (3) Star -Werder Steve Kolis's paper digest how he and Buddy Jim Bentley met professional baseball feet Tim Kramer. What it doesn't say is that they caught the big athlete just after his shower and, under Jim's initiative, discover his clear preference when swinging his bat for young male fans. (4) Mr. Taylor confronts Matt Sullivan about not to turn it into a newspaper, only to discover that Matt is hot for teacher. Cole encourages complete disclosure. While Matt and Cole explore their new dynamics, Rydar Hanson enters them, just like Lee Thompson later. All four come together, later to discover their activities that were observed and enjoyed by another walk-in student, Cliff Ryder.
959 ::: Poor Little Rich Girl Part 2 (1994) ::: adult ::: Poor little rich girl Alexis Devel has cut her allowance by the Evil Step-Mother Crystal Wilder. Instead of Alexis, a poor little rich girl is likely to become smaller again - by doubling the income of his uncle's topless dance club.
960 ::: Adolescentes au pensionnat (1979) ::: adult ::: Beautiful students in the girls in the girls seeking to hit their man's teachers. Because of the school financial problems so that you can go, but when students began to come, the girls turned their attention.
961 ::: Private Gold 20: Dead Man's Wish (1997) ::: adult ::: A rich man has a happy life-pound, a loving woman and a beautiful home. All this changes when his doctor gives him some bad news: he has only a few weeks to live. His wife agrees to help with his latest desire-to spend his last weeks experiencing sexual pleasure.
962 ::: Mile Bi Club (2001) ::: adult ::: Air companies and airlines of the broken aircraft, including the crew, including "lightly booked" and all "beats". In real life, when a couple and Holly Halston screen debut, the first residents of the "plane", and then to join a high club in "Lux" label, and then arrested them, to join only the three "BI" club. The action consists of there / any combination of any combination (even in cockpit and gallin), including an orgia for mental orgarmation in the main salon, which leads us to ask ... Who flys fly?
963 ::: X-Men: A Gay XXX Parody (2016) ::: adult ::: Wolverine and Cyclops relieve part of the stress that entails saving the world in X-Men: a gay parody XXX. Wolverine conforms to her huge pulsating cock inside Cyclops and fucks her with all her strength before leaving and bursting her superhuman semen throughout her partner's face. The ice is found below, where the anger of Iceman and Pyro takes them on a passionate plowing path.
964 ::: Pulp Friction (2007) ::: adult ::: What do a crime boss, a few gangsters and a girl named Lucy have in common? Well, the gangsters are supposed to collect a number of bad debts from these hot girls who owe them, but continue to give them sex instead ... Ah. And when one of the gangsters is assigned to watch the girlfriend of the crime boss, Lucy,, gets a little too close - there are even bigger problems.
965 ::: Gold Digger Blues (2015) ::: adult ::: Noticed that is nothing but her father's fancal dialog other than the shower gold diamor, a young bronze warmer woman and cleansed a number of embarrassable positions. In the next part, a closed and gaggy woman hopes that only evenly tightly to be tied to hero.
966 ::: Tales from the Foxhole (1999) ::: adult ::: Two horny young Marines discuss personal homosexual experiences in detail before the night falls. While the Thunder Rolls and Lightning are flashing, Lyons dreams about his basic training unit. There masturbating in their bunk beds, when the drill instructor suddenly catches them and the perpetrators makes him feel. The others are forced to masturbate in formation. While the dawn breaks and the rain stops, the two foxhole friends discover their mutual horniness.
967 ::: Brigade anti-sodomisées (1983) ::: adult ::: Three of the richest and most beautiful women in Europe are abducted and secret agent James Band 069 is called in to save them. He discovers that they are prisoners of a crazy scientist who gives them a serum that turns them into crazy, insatiable sex maniacs.
968 ::: The Young and the Wrestling 2 (1989) ::: adult ::: Wildman Danny is reliving his wrestling achievements on television with his lover Penelope, when he receives a challenge from an Arab sheikh, who arrives escorted by two Harén girls as bodyguards. While the woman's champion, Lynn Ferrari, trains a male couple of European fighters, Wildman also trains the Harem girls in wrestling. The heat of action soon leads to sex. The main party is interfered by the referee, nothing less than a masked captain of America.
969 ::: Cheerleaders for Sale (2000) ::: adult ::: A gang of white slaves lures a lot of cheerleaders to their fake modeling office so that they can kidnap and send beauties to foreign buyers. When one of their predicted victims becomes suspicious, the thugs keep them under shooting, while the accomplice cannot bind and stabs helpless girls.
970 ::: Virtual Blackjack with Gina Lynn (2006) ::: adult ::: Play Blackjack against Porn Star Gina Lynn. As you win, she rewards you by stripping. Make it bet all its money away and you get interactive hardcore sex with Gina in multi -angle video.
971 ::: Photoplay (1995/II) ::: adult ::: He is a photographer with a photograph of a boyfriend and good boyfriend. What is ugly? When it goes out, it takes all his money and chant. Leave it without a relationship with no work! Litution, Jenna is a friend of a local media telling him everything about a large market looking for "girl.
972 ::: Private Shoot (2002) ::: adult ::: In the first story, a photographic session turns into something kinky when the model is overwhelmed under shot, then bound and pinched. In the second story, three beautiful ladies are captured by a home colleague who binding ruthlessly and using his well -formed victims.
973 ::: Nice n' Tight (1985) ::: adult ::: A crowded hotel becomes a fictional ground for its occupants. Initially, the porn product is granted Paul an improvised sofa to a room. The newly accelerated Vicky wants to spend her husband Harold honeymoon in bed. Shy cowboy Buyu hires his first accompanying Sally Thomson. Rigi fugitive youth lovers and Catherine unite in the store room. Friends of Nick and Richi rented a prostitute. Nick wins her company in a coin, but gives him Richie's invitation along. Buxom Ant, Mrs. Robinson, got her younger nephew in his sleep, but it was later revealed that he was a rented work. Porn fans, Alex, Jeff, porn stars Karen and Charmel, invite their room. After Karen and Charmil enjoyed each other, Alex get Charmel and Jeff getting Karen.
974 ::: Girls Kissing Girls 12 (2013) ::: adult ::: In this latest installment of the critical estimated Sweetheart video series, the passion continues while girls seduce girls in long, sensual kisses, which lead to the hot and strong sex for which this series is known. Art dealer Aiden Ashley must fight with temperamental artist Dana Vespoli, who refuses to compromise her vision of trade, thus resulting in a compromising situation. Conservative author Alyssa Reece comes face to face with the feminist sovereign author the eye just before the two girls appear in a conversation show, leading to a battle of words and languages. Cosmetic artist Jessie Andrews nervously applies the composition to her idol, actress Ryan Kely, just to discover the actress has feelings for her. Finally, Celeste Star reveals that her new roommate Anikka Albrite has a superiority to spend her things.
975 ::: Grab and Bind of Amarna Miller: A Nude for a Nude Exchange (2016) ::: adult ::: A beautiful Spanish woman is abducted, stripped, is bound by an evil intruder. The abductor demands that he gives the woman's family an invaluable copy of her famous Goa painting. When the negotiations are pulled slowly than the desire of the villain, the thug gives its UB burn-haired demosen a more stringent bond.
976 ::: Rears (1986) ::: adult ::: Explain a new young Veterating Babe's Buster and absorb Barfinerry for a double test. Alam Mastery is a drop that noicious spirit things to the same issues. However, he's like the booxes "bapticals" to the bocadium to the boat to the board. In the contest, the mistakes of mistakes are not increasing. He does not increase in the access room, parabbo To discuss the free choice. A competitor arrives late and for a buster to the night. Now for a buster to the nicker to bring her pink and stisse. Gor is to judge a trick-running competition for his liking for the lack of alternate. The special situation is of a symmetry of the banchantrettard. Has.
977 ::: Gold Digger Blues (2015) ::: adult ::: Convinced that her father's fiancé is only a blond gold excavation, a young brunette picks up a sudden woman and connects her with a number of embarrassing situations. In the subsequent short article, a woman with a related and complementary woman hopes to be rescued only to be tightly binding on the potential hero.
978 ::: Pleasure Dome (2006) ::: adult ::: Welcome for a place of joy where there is no other feeling, there is no other need and no desire other than to give and achieve pure pleasure. But of course we are not talking about delicate joy, we are talking about hard, donkey type anal joys that can only bring you a private X-TRAM.
979 ::: Lesbian Babysitters 10 (2013) ::: adult ::: This popular series continues with a swimming of India, which struggles with his sweetheart, Veronica Avluv, where he was released by actress, released actress. Spouses hire a bread to India and the bread to India to take care of Veronica, which will grow very close to India. Go to the best friend of Nefarious Bluey Bluey Blue, Presley, trying to move Veronica away from India and make it selfishness.
980 ::: Valentina, ragazza in calore (1981) ::: adult ::: Valentine (Mean Poozzi) is a sudden girl who has beautiful figures who can reject anyone and have sex with them. When he was looking for a luck and prejudice, he first met the painter to have a short story, then a lies.
981 ::: Missy Martinez: Fucked Ra (2015) ::: adult ::: Lust is the most primary of all instincts, which holds all ages. Missy Martinez would be crowned a goddess in every era, and her showcase feature is a crowning of power, mystery, and incomparable intensity. She joined in her fantasies by James Deen, Abella Danger, Vicki Chase, Adriana Chechik and More, Missy begins her final journey of passion, including her first PD scene, an event only once. Goddess waits.
982 ::: Double D Housewives (1994) ::: adult ::: After the threat of fake cassette, a housewife seduces a man's delivery. The narrative shows that his last day was due to graduating from computer school. A bisexual housewife forces her to another who prefers to go to work. An insurance agent rejects another housewife, while the new computer technician claims that his computer cannot be resolved. So he creates both men simultaneously until he is deceived. So he exposes a camcorder that has shot them and will blackmail them to respect his promises. Coincidentally, the low pants, the first bisexual housewife, attracts the insurance agent who ruins her underwear. He will blackmail him to enter his room and suddenly force him to ruin something else. Understanding his earthquake inspector, he is an attacker's attacker, the second bisexual housewife, by seducing her before she discloses, is intimate with her husband.
983 ::: Bareback Mountain (2006/I) ::: adult ::: As the video opens on the shots of five young men around the billiard table, two are looking at each other. In short, they (Hunter & Jason) leave to go to their sex hotel room. As the video returns to Billiard, Turk & Winter start a new game with new rules ... striped pool. As Tyler looks and then masturbates by the door, they quickly discover gay sex. In the second set of scenes, Tyler & Hunter are comparing penis sizes in a hotel room before starting it. This time Jason is masturbated by a door while watching them. Recently in another room the Turkish & Winter hotel are watching TV, discussing their previous meeting and their sexuality, before reproducing the meeting. *** Spoiler *** The video closes in a hopeful note as both cowboy holds hands overlooking a Nevado landscape.
984 ::: Fever (1992) ::: adult ::: Cole Stevens fell in love with the first location in Carolyn Monroe. And then he starts dreaming of her. He goes to a psychiatrist to describe the recurring nightmares in which he falls in Monroes vagina. It is diagnosed as a "vaginago". The only healing to dive in the head and conquer its fears.
985 ::: I Fucked the Babysitter (2012) ::: adult ::: Five viewers. When his wife (Daraya Jaluur) rejects his imaginary progress, he tells him that the smell of the bar was emitting and not following it to the bed, the exciting husband (Tarzan) resorted to the clouds of children wishing (Abyel) to meet his needs. After that, the children's ghisn (Bella Baby) admits to her employer (J.J.) that she fears her parents' reaction to the new tattoo. He decides to take a closer look, leading to more than just looking. Then Steve (S) arrives at the house to a note explaining that his wife left him, leaving the children of children, Denisa (sky), with children. Children's bis does everything in her power to console him. The following children (Lucy Bell) is in the midst of a nightmare when the employer (George I) wakes up to provide a shoulder and more. Finally, when the children's bis (Mia Hilton) arrives late 45 minutes, after the employer (Neeo) was forced to cancel its date, it is offered to its history. They will not go out.
986 ::: Lesbian Babysitters 11 (2014) ::: adult ::: In the 11th installment of this critical well -known series, a fascinating couple of the emergence of reality made up of Sandy, a former -Model and Ariel, a fitness competitor loses everything after their appearance is canceled. Their nanny, Raven, takes care of the child who indicates that the manufacturers had forced the couple to have, hoping to increase the ratings. Sandy relies on the beautiful raven, believing her hopes and fears while Ariel becomes dangerously near a fitness -influential client. Raven fights her growing passion for Sandy, desperately trying to keep this fragile family together.
987 ::: The Jelena-Trillium Bondage Showcase (2016) ::: adult ::: Bustai Jensen returned to the closure of closing and nothing in the heavens and nothing in the heavens. Newcastle Trail is tied to a chair and then dance and hanging on the dinner's room. The Figure Diandi Biber included himself in an odd position after discussing a photographer and crosses clothes, tape gong and the board.
988 ::: The Jelena-Trillium Bondage Showcase (2016) ::: adult ::: Busty Jelena Jenson returns to modeling and is tied to gazi underwear and nothing. The newly arrived trillium sticks to a chair, and then remove the naked and hagut on the dining room table. Shopuli Blonde finds himself in an awkward state after argument with Britney Amber photographer and adheres to her dress, tape winds and bed feet.
989 ::: Reflections of Youth (1975) ::: adult ::: With the unilateral popularity of 1950, the innocence of young interest and innocence of getting up, it seemed to be a test for RSS 'SSUSIN' 57. The movie opens with a high school baseball game as we then follow the old palm students to get closer to the new child to the new child in campus. Both protests seized as to start the storm starts talking about local local gossip on the city. The film is then going in five different workers because they were introduced by two converse students. The first is sex for more students, how is the second of the Samed teacher, the third is living with the 4th, which is about how the clarmon road is how your Straight friends while his friend is away. The golden is then ended with the story of two Junior's high students again. The movie closed with sex scene between a golden and new student as they start in school showers and then pave the way to the locker room. After they dressed, they face each other's school day.
990 ::: Mile Bi Club (2001) ::: adult ::: A flight from Oceanic Airlines full of a whole series of beautiful women and Studly Men, including the crew, is 'light booked' and they are all 'bumped' to first class. Real husband Troy and Holly Halston who make their screen debut are the first of the passengers of the entire plane who are joining the Luxury Luxury Fly plane at the Mile High Club in the toilet, but then 'interrupted' because of the lock on forgetting She catches the door and 'unexpected' male passenger, only to join the mile 'bi' club in a trio. From there, the promotion continues in couples/trios of every possible combination (even the pilots in the cockpit and stewardesses in the gap) including a stunning orgy in the main cabin ... that gives us to ask ... Who flies the plane?
991 ::: Live Nerd Girls (2012) ::: adult ::: Geek lesbians are among us! They love comics, they love Harry Potter, they love the tons and the dragons, they love world of War Craft, and yes they love their sexy girlfriends. Play with us in this adventure of all young girls and go to a place where no lesbian company has already gone!
992 ::: Getting Off (1979) ::: adult ::: Julian and Alexandria, two veterans from San Francisco, initiate their most protégé, the beautiful Marpasa, in the unique practice of descent. Mapasa listens while Alexandria leads us through a sexual odyssey of unleashed passions! Sexual humiliation, slavery mixed with strong super hot sex scenes, make this movie sexually electrifying.
993 ::: All American Girls II: In Heat (1983) ::: adult ::: Shaua Grant is a rich woman who collects her old -Kollge Ledge's girlfriend in a free week on the tropical island so she can relate to her wild sexual experiences. Tom Byron is rescued from a watery tomb, and judges his stories.
994 ::: Crime Does Pay (2004) ::: adult ::: Two tales of police women in danger of bondage. In the first two inexperienced cops decide to investigate a case on their own without backup or inform their supervisors. When the pair is caught, peeled, tied and left in the basement dank, they realized the mistake of their ways. In the second story, a young woman police officer goes in search of a missing cheerleader and discovers her in an abandoned house. Unfortunately, she discovered that she made the discovery and soon the two women would be weakened for the cheers, cut into thick pieces of cloth and struggle desperately to escape after their master spread the petrol where a prisoner was being kept.
995 ::: Costumed Girls Bound for Trouble (2013) ::: adult ::: Six costumed quotes are surely tied, closed and tortured. In the first episode, the detective is hidden as a maid, but whoever the covers is explosive and she wound tied, sank and exposed by the crook, who was investigating. In other stories, she is a rope with a broken Dirndl bartender in the tavern, the policeman rash -gag and a rope, a college student fantasizes that she is a helpless lady in Destole, and Snooty Equestrienne gets her help.
996 ::: Pornographie suédoise (1976) ::: adult ::: Ula and Ingrid arrive in Paris from their cold villages in Sweden. They advertise their services as AU-PAIR girls in the newspaper small advertisements section. They will soon find that French families, single men and their relatives and friends are more than ready to try two young Swedish girls for different types of personal services. From the household of Dupon, where the lady of the house has a headache, leaving the girls alone with her husband and their friend Mark until they go through a number of sexual adventures until they find two eligible young men who decide to marry them ...
997 ::: Utopia X (2009) ::: adult ::: X-1568, loneliness faces for some companies visit him the right to enter a period of time in Flux. As a result, z-8266, zero number made a poor desire to the intention of his purpose is the satisfaction of the wish of X-1568 for love.
998 ::: Love Secrets (1976) ::: adult ::: Lille and his wife Alan, tired of their sexual life, see themselves as long as they are away from erotic dreams. These dreams are so real that the couple loses all the feeling of reality. At work, Alan imagines his sophisticated minister, while Lille's renewed acquaintance with a ex -boyfriend performs a crazy sexual encounter when another girl falls on the two . They finally open one day about their locked sexual feelings and go to the bedroom. Their marriage, now reinforced with a more honest approach, begins a completely new phase of enjoyable sexual encounters. yummm ...
999 ::: Apocalypse Babylon (2003) ::: adult ::: Apocalypse Babylon was the first chapter of the "Greedlove trilogy" by Charley Crow (the second chapter is Black Angel Falls). The gangster Alejandro Biscotti has a mole in his operation, but the mole is the slightest of his concerns, since his true adversary is the rich mental control researcher Arthur Greedlove. Greedlove has a secret weapon: the sexy killer Zombie, Babylon.
1000 ::: Gangbang Auditions 1 (1998) ::: adult ::: The three popular adult film stars Inari Wach, Caroline and the Ocean are interviewed with a group of men before sex groups. This film is actually a hearing for these women. If the producer and director enjoy the stars, they are suggested to act more in adult movies for the company.
1001 ::: Vostochny koridor (1966) ::: war ::: The philosophical parable "Eastern Corridor" was created during the decline of "defrosting", when the Soviet artists were measured and censored, but still "a breath of freedom." As the film industry (such as, in fact and another production), in the 1960s it is owned by the State, the question of commercial gains for the rental of films, although on the agenda, but it was not completely dominant. There were a call state orders on important issues of state ideology, such as a revolutionary, military, historical, biographical, etc. It is logical that within the framework of military subjects but also films that were not originally designed for a massive audience, but significant for the annual "plan". Therefore, there is no doubt that the "Eastern Corridor" was in the thematic approach of the "Belaruse-Film" study based on the usual section of partisan drums that the heroism of the Soviet people had during the occupation. Finally, the film was not the way he was waiting to see the boss, and was received with hostility not only for party officials, but also quite liberal critics. Therefore, it is surprising that after spending two years on the shelf, the movie "Eastern Corridor" is still in the so -called "limited release" in 1968 ... This film could be the success for any western festival of the late late Decade of 1960 (both a triumph and "the cranes are flying" and "the childhood of Ivan"), but, unfortunately ... after the creative life of the "Eastern Corridor" of Valentin Vingradov Obviously it did not work. An outstanding managerial talent is not granted, and he was forced to go to "ordinary cinema" ...
1002 ::: The Exploits of the Emden (1928) ::: war ::: A German officer requests his wife to join the German warship SMS Madeen, then patrols the seize in China. As the First World War breaks down, Mden is called for service and the sailor is unable to meet his wife. SMS Mden then assists a drowning passenger ship and the officer finds out that his wife was riding on a sick liner. He is rescued and the sailor is relieved. After the ports in briefly the ports and the sailor bid farewell to his wife, the cruiser then meets the HMAS Sydney in the fight and sinks. Fortunately the officer runs away from the drowning vessel and joins his wife again.
1003 ::: Black Friday: Dark Dawn II (2014) ::: war ::: In this film, a sequel to the Black Series: Dark Dawn Series, watch how the Naval Corps turns raw hires into prestigious members of the world's most deadly campaign. SSGT Nichols, Senior Coach and Elite Team, follow the US Navy Boot Camp for a unique look behind the scenes. Learn what is needed to gain a position in the most scary and respectful military force ever seen. Can you survive the hardest imaginable employment training?
1004 ::: Hong se niang zi jun (1961) ::: war ::: In the 1930s, Wu Kinguua was the hostess of Nan-Ba-Tian, ​​a cruel commander of the village of Hainan, China. Often abused by his master, Qionghua was finally rescued by Hong Changking, the leader of the Red Women's Squad, a soldier of soldiers. She joined the army and became the leader of the squad after Hong's death. They captured and executed the commander and released the native village of Qionghua.
1005 ::: "The Bagley Boys" (????) ::: war ::: After the outbreak of the war in August 1914, the life of 10 men from Bagley-on-the-Wold in rural England changed forever. These men answer their country's reputation and join one of the original "Pals" battalions from Lord Kitchener. Her initial enthusiasm to make "your piece" for king and land soon evaporates when you experience the horrors of the trench war. "The Bagley Boys" follows the life of these 10 men and their families from 1914 to 1918, while they deal with the difficulties of life on the front, the pain of separation from their loved ones and the knowledge that not all of them are home will return.
1006 ::: The Crimson Wing (1915) ::: war ::: Count Ludwig von Leun-Walram, an officer of the German army, meets Marguerite Clairon, an actress, while she was in a watering place on the border of France. She falls in love with him and reveals his feelings. He rejects her in such a kind way that she only loves her more. Later, the count meets Marcelle de Lembach, daughter of a French general, whom he had known in childhood. He falls deeply in love with her. While he still courts it, however, war broke out between Germany and France and it is recalled to his command. Marcelle is intensely patriotic and goes to the front with her father. She heads a troop of soldiers against a German screening party when the officer is killed. It is captured by the Count, who sends her safely to the French lines. Paul d'Arblay, a spy, is one of Miss's contenders. He swears that he will put her in her power. She joined the French army as an infirmer of the Red Cross. On the battlefield, she found the count wounded and was going to treat him until he was almost found. She then manages to send him back to his command. Arblay discovers this and threatens to denounce the count as a spy unless she carries his wishes. She agrees in order to save the count, promising to meet him at the home of his aunt nearby. It goes there that evening and finds it dead. She kept her promise, but takes poison rather than submitting to him. The count meets Marcelle after the end of the war and they are engaged.
1007 ::: Oseka (1969) ::: war ::: 1941, Serbia, Yugoslavia. A remote village in Serbia in 1941, through the fate of the residents of rural areas and the fate of a guerrilla unit, reflect the horror and absurdity of the war in Serbia during World War II. On the one hand, ordinary people and guerrillas on the other side of the Germans and readers. Different atrocities and betrayal are born in this hell. The epilogue of the epic film happens in the liberated city of Valzhevo in 1944. The huge gust of revenge will lead to brutal reflection between two men - two ideological adversaries. And they were once friends, neighbors, godparents. The film took place during the "First Offensive" in 1941. Before the autumn, "Uzice Republic" and ended with a major entry of guerrillas released in Vales in 1944. The mature finale of the film will not leave anyone indifferent. 1941, Serbia, Yugoslavia. A remote village in Serbia in 1941, through the fate of the residents of rural areas and the fate of a guerrilla unit, reflect the horror and absurdity of the war in Serbia during World War II. On the one hand, ordinary people and guerrillas on the other side of the Germans and readers. Different atrocities and betrayal are born in this hell. The epilogue of the epic film happens in the liberated city of Valzhevo in 1944. The huge gust of revenge will lead to brutal reflection between two men - two ideological adversaries. And they were once friends, neighbors, godparents.
1008 ::: Seulpeumeun jeobyeoldeulegedo (1978) ::: war ::: The village of Kama is overwhelmed by the North Korean army during the Korean war and the villagers are forced to surrender. Man-Bok, the fool of the village, adopts his conquerors with Glee, but when he sees a young boy hears and hears a girl telling how her parents were killed, she changes her heart.
1009 ::: "Xiu Cai Yu Dao Bing" (2015) ::: war ::: One is a tenant farmer, he is the needs of life, our Sanpao; The other is a young master of a great and influential family, Long Kianyan. Our Sanpao hate Kianyan's weak and delicate appearance, but Long Kianyan cannot retain the sudden, rude and ignorant behavior of our Sanpao. Gao Yanan, the head of Van Shaunhang, actress Van Shawhang and the Blue Dragon Society, makes the situation worse. Japanese forces gunfire breaks down a peaceful life in Elvish. To prevent foreign aggression, they choose to fight their sentiments and fight up to the shoulder with the enemy shoulder. No matter how they are, they all share the same identity at this time, which is the soldier. They brave the army bravely fighting against the occupation and are together when going through a test of life and death. They are stroggers first. Then they joined the Northeast Anti -Japanese United forces. Since then, they will gradually expand their power and fight steadily against the enemy. By improving their strategies and military power, they have become the backbone of anti -Japanese warriors and anti -Japanese power. In the end, they achieved remarkable military robberies. A group of these warriors looks at each other like brothers. In fact, they look like the encounters of the Giuki soldiers. Together, they are an invincible team, which excels in both literature and military. This play demonstrates the real quality of a particular heroes. Its interesting stories, personalized characters, and the story of the myth and the intriguing story from the earth are worth to see.
1010 ::: Vostochny koridor (1966) ::: war ::: The philosophical parable "the eastern corridor" was created during the decline of "Thava", although the measurement and sensor was done, but still "a breath of freedom." In the 1960s, the film industry (as, in fact, and other production) is fully owned by the state, the question of commercial gain from the fare of films, although on the agenda, but not completely prominent. There were a so -called state order on important topics of the state's ideology, such as a revolutionary, military, historic, biography etc. It is rational that not only the action-picture type spy spy detective was allowed within the structure of military subjects but also films that were not originally designed to the audience on a large scale, but the annual "plan" Are important for. Thus, there is no doubt that in the thematic focus of the "Eastern Corridor" studio was in the thematic focus of the "Belarus-film", which was based on the common partial drum section, which will tell about the bravery of Soviet people during possession. Had been. After all, the film was not the way she was waiting to see the boss, and not only was congratulated with enmity for the party officials, but also very generous critics. So it is only surprising that after spending two years on the shelf, the film "Eastern Corridor" was still left in the so -called "Limited release" in 1968 ... The film was left in any western festival of the late 1960s. Can be hit for ("Crane Flying" and "Ivan's childhood as a win as a victory, but, regret ..." Valentin Vinogradov's creative life "after" Eastern Corridor ". Did not work. Excellent directorial talent is not given to open, and was forced to go to "ordinary cinema" ...
1011 ::: The Rose of No Man's Land (????) ::: war ::: An increase in no human land is not about war, but the first World War War. That is about people left behind. Women left to hold the country, how they work and how they are looking for them. Most importantly, these are about women, they do not allow them to define themselves and are determined by where they are. Traditionally, war stories tell about his dramatic impact on the fight against war, but women also fight injustice. Men's battles and wounds of the battlefield are often depicted, but rose flowers have a new perspective and a unique history. To women in love with Edith Kavell; Mileisi, Florence and Dorothy, a miracle of a man's land with great, strong women, strong, strong women without fighting.
1012 ::: The Samson Option (????) ::: war ::: Biochemical attack on America and Israel leads to the end of the world's world. Sarah Man, the first president of the United States, must fight enemies at home and abroad with risk of everything in seeking a unique work of goodwill can stop madness and change the course of history.
1013 ::: Brothers in Arms (2003) ::: war ::: A film about the unusual friendship that has been shared by six men since Vietnam for around 35 years. This documentary examines her naval service in the Mekong Delta, the effect that the war had on her, how her experience in Vietnam became the basis of a friendship and what is her "unbreakable bond". The group decides, the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall in Washington, D.C.
1014 ::: Yuan dong jian die zhan (1992) ::: war ::: In 1937, a Soviet general defects to the Japanese in Manchukuo and asks in exchange for information that the Japanese bring to their family from Russia. This is done and the general is assigned later to direct a raid to Russia by white Russian commands.
1015 ::: Not Another Mistake (1988) ::: war ::: A person who cannot (Richard Norton) Vette Vettame is flying in the chip and its shoulder and her daughter's attacks. It is returned to Vietnam to rescue some poections and mia, including a commander, Harrison. He finds nothing, he accepted the message.
1016 ::: "Misija majora Atertona" (1986) ::: war ::: The task of Major Atheon is a small TV series in three parts. This true story consists of two episodes that display the Hydra process. After the fall of the Republic of Uzice and the success of the first enemy attack, the British sent their mission, and this series shows the events and the fate of the three activists of the British secret service, led by Major Terins Atheon. Parties or Chetniks were already fighting against the occupied forces or against each other.
1017 ::: O dromos ton iroon (1971) ::: war ::: In 1940, shortly before the World War II, the Greek Workers and Rome was reported about Gary, found that Italy was doing something around him, but even if the spies died. Following the top of the Elli, clergy who falls to the clinic clergy, welcoming the secrecy planning the Greek schemes .
1018 ::: Desant na Drvar (1963) ::: war ::: Attack of Engineer's name and the GRAP is known as a secretary of the supervisor and the values ​​of the superintence of this great commander and the German Army was a significant attempt to 5 May 1944, the lamb of fruits were destroyed the land of the classrooms, the German General Logar Von Buscolt was coming with the new plan through traditional devices. Ellith Parateropower powers the center of the division of the division of the division of the division and eliminating the stypical leader. In the mean time, miles about the doctor provide miles from the enemy miles on May 25 In the name of the lower anniversary in the name of the minority of the minority in the name of the engineer in the name of the engineer. " The German army was an important attempt to end May 1944, the layer of the layers were destroyed. To break up a lot of fruits through traditional devices, German Gen. Logar Von Bushdutt comes with a new plan. Elliot Parateropower powers the center of the division of division in the doctor and try to catch the stypine leader. In the mean time, miles about the doctor provide miles from the enemy's melons that celebrated the lower anniversary in May 5.
1019 ::: La lunga notte dei disertori - I 7 di Marsa Matruh (1970) ::: war ::: When German Africa Corps shattered the Allied lines in North Africa in 1942 during World War II; A group of British soldiers are determined to return to their own lines. Taking more allied survivors along the way, their journey is filled with danger and Germans at every stage.
1020 ::: Black Friday: Dark Dawn II (2014) ::: war ::: In this sequel Film to the Black Friday: In the Dark Don Series, see how the Marine Corps turn into a raw code into a verified members of the world's most fatal combat machine. Senior drill instructor SSGT Nicholas and his elite team at the United States Marine Corps boot camp look behind the scenes. Learn what is needed to earn a place in the most fearful and respectable military force ever seen. Can you get out of GIN Hardest recruitment training?
1021 ::: "Perevodchik" (2014) ::: war ::: This is a story of a regular man who becomes a hero. Andrey Petrovich Starikov, a chemistry teacher nicknamed "Charlie", lives with his wife and mother in an old house. This house is inhabited by people of many nations. Among them are the Russians, Ukrainians, Jews, Tartars and Armenians. But when the Nazis enter the city, the life of civilians changes. To save his family and friends, "Charlie" must work as a Nazi translator ...
1022 ::: The Rose of No Man's Land (????) ::: war ::: No Man's land yard is a World War I drama that is not about the war. It's about the people who left behind. Women who have been allowed to keep the country going and how they have increased to do so. More importantly, it is about women who do not allow themselves to be defined by who they are and where they come from. Traditionally stories of war recount the dramatic effect he has on men fighting the war, but women are also fighting injustice. Men fighting and battlefield horrors have been described frequently and well but Rose has a new perspective and a unique story that says. By the nurse Edith Cavell for women without love; Maisie, Florence and Dorothy, No Man's land yard is about remarkable and healthy women who are not oppressed without a fight.
1023 ::: Victory (1913) ::: war ::: The secretary of Navy soldiers gave u.s.s. Utah to move on the Republic of Antillas to preserve American interest during coming changes. When they arrived in Caaman, the harbor, the army Banson commanded to go to Valdiva, the capital, and gave him adversely in all. When it reaches the rest of the Operation Gordon Gordon Gordon Gordon and Helen and who he loves, and see everyone falls, both the apostle of the Antillas. He meets a young young person who completes the house. When you go to Helen Ovehears Jen. De Montez moves Martinez, and then make up American and try to take over the Government. Helen tells people in the rest of the rest. Before he had the opportunity to do these things to do these things that are literally lifedland for the murder of Martinez's head. Minister Gordon has finally get the free of the Ward Office, but not time to prevent the rest of the rest of the rest. They are blocked to send warnings in Warlesless and a soul determine only for their hopes only in hydroplane. The tv is moving in the hydroPoPoPoPan itself then showing a popular race from the air and the ground. Leuduage, at the 1,500 Offering officer that makes it free from the wall of the wall and a two hundred feet. The President opens the fire directly to the Fort and the exciting attack. Liedutenant asking for permission to keep a bomb by hydroplane. He used it. Soon he was invaded by another international journey that identifies the Umh, using the Utah, using the help of bombs from the bombs. The show of the battle of the foreign wet without the help of a crooked breeze falls to the sea of ​​one of these ships. The airfly comes from com. Benson originates with America reports that it was rebelled in the city. Com. Benson ordered to be the administrator and the most common company. They spend the third of the translation changes in one. When I taught Marines pay the foreign batteries and enemies. Lindant Ward passes to Valdiva and the government winning the body and rescue Gordon and Helen. Last event shows that one makes it well in love as it is fighting, while Utah, Utah, Utah, Utah, Utah, Utah are Utah, Utah
1024 ::: Kony Order from Above (2017) ::: war ::: Two children (Otti and Aguti) fall in love with the turbulent north of Uganda Lord's Resistance Army during the turbulent uprising of the resistance army (LRA), but are separated when Otti is kidnapped at the age of 11. During the kidnapping, he tries to flee back home and get it, to kidnap and get it, get it to come home and get done with every unsuccessful attempt. So he decides to stay in the bush with the LRA rebels, and will soon be introduced into the inner command of the infamous LRA rebel leader Joseph Kony. Despite his concession to awareness, his love for Aguti remains undeterred. To maintain it, Otti writes letters to Aguti - who then attended school at the school of Aboke Girl - through the village of Reverend. Soon the LRA leadership will receive the wind of communication and the ruthless captain Brown (High Commander of the LRA) decides to attack the village and kidnap everyone in it. The rebels also attack the Aboke Girls school school, where Aguti is also kidnapped. When arriving in the rebel warehouse, the kidnapped kony are shown, the interest of Aguti immediately falls and the relationship between her and Otti does not know. Then he takes her violently as a woman and she becomes his youngest woman. If you are in the inner circle, she approaches Otti, who happens to be the most popular and trustworthy soldier from Kony. Otti is then commissioned by Kony's latest woman Aguti - between loyalty to the rebel thing and his love for her.
1025 ::: Brothers in Arms (2003) ::: war ::: A film about the unusual friendship that has been divided by six men for about 35 years from Vietnam. This documentary explores their navy service in the Mekong delta, the effect the war had on them, as their experience in Vietnam became the basis of friendship, and what is that which constitutes "the non-deteriorating bond. The group decides to visit Vietnam's Veterans Wall Memorial in Washington, D.C.
1026 ::: La lunga notte dei disertori - I 7 di Marsa Matruh (1970) ::: war ::: When Africa Corps German destroys allied lines in North Africa in 1942 during World War II; A group of British soldiers are determined to return to their lines. Taking survivors of allies along the way, their journey is full of danger and the Germans at every turn.
1027 ::: Zvezde su oci ratnika (1972) ::: war ::: When a warrior dies, a star is born, a company of us dies when born in a group of stars. Young children are fascinated by ancient legends and elderly stories, people replace their signature ready to be shot and put themselves in front of the German tube.
1028 ::: A Soldier's Gift (????) ::: war ::: The world of war. Six men struggling to survive. A gift that brought them with hope and encouragement. The gifts of soldiers inspired by historical events are adventures that reach cultural and racial barriers, and God may use simple things to remind us of his great love. I will tell you that.
1029 ::: Vostochny koridor (1966) ::: war ::: Pill Breakfiskel "East Delez" in the course of "Tui", when the Soviet artists was the arterists, but still "still" breath. " As in fact and other production is a total of state, although in the agenda, but not in full agenda. There were some government laws on the key government issues, such as revolutionary, military issues and the films that are not designed for mass visitors, but the annual "Plan" is not considered for "plan. Thus, there is no doubt that the Soviet people's championships at the dormitory of the "East Corridor" in the During the rough tournament of the routine's dormitory. Finally, the film was not waiting for the party, but also only with only party officials, but also with justice officials, hostile officials Welcome. So it's just a surprise that after spending two years in shelf is still in the film. This film is still in the film. This film is the 1960 West celebration Her Western Festival is "Flexion", "A Success". ") A victory" is not the best guide talent, and he was forced to "normal sinima" ...
1030 ::: Marionette (????/II) ::: war ::: Double military staff, another black pilot, the only part of the trends in the village of Tuk, the only week remained in the remaining week, the rest of the weeks in the next weeks of Czechoslovakia Czechoslovakia in May 1945 Preferred high schools, Because each one comes to rely on others for their survival. But like friendship, it's a very amazing thing that they are even a wonderful thing that they can find themselves, even time.
1031 ::: Balami be soo-ye sahel (1986) ::: war ::: At the end of October 1981, when Khorramshahr risks collapsing, a battalion commander of the revolutionary guards to help the warriors of the city of Tehran Morteza, and because of his journey near the Iraqis, they should bring the port of Khorramshahr of Mahshahr By helicopter, but his efforts for the helicopter failed and Morteza Battalion.
1032 ::: Blood Army (2010) ::: war ::: It is threatening these years, tensions increase, the ceasefire is challenged and tested. The parts are in place. The war is inevitable now because the good and evil forces are ready to end a furious battle to end all others and eventually decide on the fate of the earth and its human inhabitants ...
1033 ::: Missing Jane (2004) ::: war ::: Established during World War II, missing Jane is the story of Gordon Idaho, Bomber Bomber Radio Operator, which is pushed with a new crew when their radio operator is killed on the skies of Europe in the 1943 winter. Jane Doe is a tough group to stay with him and in their first mission together, the bomber leaves and crashes in the German countryside. Crew survivors have shelter in an abandoned farm house where they struggle to fight the elements, each other and the fear of being caught by the Nazi. Idaho will soon discover that the house contains a dark mystery-one that is determined to solve. Will Idaho reveal the secrets of the past? Will the crew live behind the lines of the enemy?
1034 ::: Pohwasokui shibjaga (1956) ::: war ::: Major Kim can be found from his troops after they were overwhelmed by the Chinese armed forces during the Korean War. He escapes in the barn of an old woman together with two wounded American soldiers, but the longer they stay-the longer they endanger the life of the old woman
1035 ::: "Top Secret Level 18" (2011) ::: war ::: Top Secret Level 18 is an article, which explores 18 true stories in Ukraine in World War II. They passed under the "Top Secret" stamp in Soviet Secret Service documents. The film uncover 18 terrible events, which are recorded by revealing evidence of evidence and eyewitnesses. These are events that help bring awareness of lies about World War II. International audiences are aware of Nazi Germany's crimes, but Stalin and his generals are less aware of the crimes made on his own people. The truth has been buried for a long time with Stalin's USSR declaring victory in the war.
1036 ::: "Qi jian" (2008) ::: war ::: Heng Yuanhai joins the naval army with great expectations of contributing to a high Chinese naval force. Lu Huai, chief of the navy base, appoints Zheng Yuanhai in a deserted place in order to test his resolution. However, at the start of his training, Zheng Yuanhai is still in conflict with Chen Jianjun, director of missiles and the division of naval mines. Ten years later, Chen Jianjun became a captain Destroyer, and Zheng Yuanhai a frigate captain. In the fight against an unknown invasive submarine, the wisdom of Zheng Yuanhai and the courage of Chen Jianjun come together to build a strong maritime defense. However, at the critical moment of the campaign for the flagship captain, the momentary shift of Chen Jianjun leads to the escape of the unknown submarine. When he removes his army uniform, Chen Jianjun chooses Zheng Yuanhai to achieve the great expectations of his generation for him. Zheng Yuanhai, who starts from a university student recruited in the navy, becomes a flagship captain after having crossed all the difficulties and the reverse, and finally leads a fleet to the Blue Sea to write a beautiful story on loyalty and strength.
1037 ::: Five Days of Fire (2007) ::: war ::: Set the World Battlefield, five light days are a suspect report of U.s platoon. Captain Cascorph will lead to one people getting strong. May the enemy try to prevent their progress from external, platoon. One of the soldiers, Jimmy Pratt will times will win his fear of death to fulfill the message.
1038 ::: Margery Booth: The Spy in the Eagle's Nest (????) ::: war ::: Margery was with Hitler on his birthday when the tiger tank was presented to him. As a singer, she was able to remember some critical technical data as a song that was sent back to Bletchley Park to decode her controller Hardy Amies and to the delight of Churchill, who then ordered the capture of one. She had a narrow escape while hiding British pilots, and was finally caught by the Gestapo on the guests' personal arrangements after she was constantly shadowed by SS Thug by Müller, who was finally tortured.
1039 ::: Fireflies at El Mozote (????) ::: war ::: Firefleris and El Mozote is about to be forced to war, and a strong relationship, with a strong relationship, originally from a good event. He is doing well in El Mogote, Promplazán, El Salvador, taking as the worst capacity of government to practice historical and latin America. Upon reports of a survivor of his family and his country of desire to death and his country of origin.
1040 ::: Vostochny koridor (1966) ::: war ::: The philosophical proverb "Eastern Corridor" was created during the fall of "melting", while Soviet artists, though meter and sensors, were done, but still "breathing of freedom." In the 1960s, the film industry (such as, really, and other construction) is fully owned by the state, the question of commercial profit from the rental of films, though on the agenda, was not completely impressive. There were commands of the so -called state on important topics of the ideology of the state, such as revolutionary, military, history, biographies, etc. It is logical that the action-pitcher type of Spy Ware Detective was allowed only within the framework of military subjects. But those films that were not originally made for the mass audience, but are important for the annual "plan". Thus, there is no doubt that the "Eastern Corridor" was at the center of the Studio "Belarus-film" on the basis of the general biased drum department, telling about the valor of the Soviet people during the business. Eventually, the film was not waiting to see the boss, and not only the party officials, but also the quite generous critics were welcomed with hostility. So it is only surprising that after spending two years on the shelf, the film "Eastern Corridor" is still left in the so -called "Limited Release" in 1968 ... The film can be a hit of any western festival in the late 1960s. ("Cranes fly" and "Ivan's childhood." As much as victory, but, hey ... Valentin Vinogradov's "Eastern Corridor" did not work clearly after creative life. Was forced to go to the normal cinema "...
1041 ::: "Feng lei dong" (2013) ::: war ::: In Harbin in Harbin in 1920 And in the 1930s, Lenger, the Great merchant's family centers. Then Japanese soldiers spread the virus in Harbin. With very stricken tools, they consider the Chinese people as a test site. People to go to the Japanese soldiers. Leng's outbursts and lengers decompose. However, three boys make a great change in protection and salvation of the country. At the same time, they are determined to a complex emotional confusion.
1042 ::: "Zhan Lei" (2013) ::: war ::: Gao Deng, a rebel recruitment, which cannot be suited to military life, is assigned to the fixing squad in the mountains, where he meets an experienced with special skills called Lynn Feng. Gao Deng and Lin Feng slowly become good friends. To ensure the safety of the lives and property of the people living in the frontier, the army organizes a mined action. Therefore, Gao Deng and Lin Feng go to the locals to clean the mines, which makes a great contribution to the elimination of mines in the area. After action, they join the mine action group for demarcation of the border, open the limit demarcation route with their peers, erase the mines around the new border tablets and ensure the safety of the personnel involved in the limiting of the limit Are, thus successfully completes important tasks, construction of border pills. Cleaning the mines, Lynn sacrifices their lives for children living on the border. After the death of Lynn Feng, Gao Deng inherited her will and becomes an excellent peace soldier through hard training and work, composing a brave song of contemporary Chinese soldier with his blood and sweat Is.
1043 ::: No Better Place to Die (2019) ::: war ::: During the othermanian attack, the 82nd Aircraft branch fought to arrest and seize the words of professional crossier river. As the hours and days past, water without water hurts the blood without strike.
1044 ::: "Underground" (2009) ::: war ::: The famous writer was received from the same name of the same name from the same name, Akura founded around the party in the Hidden Front to provide special support to the heroes of Master Peace. During the liberation, our party "underground" workers successfully successfully completed the trust of the Army Agents, the "Ground" of the Army Agents, successfully completed Shenang, "City Defense Map" Shenang's Success Tough work for. After liberation, Liu Kehao and other "underground" workers to carry out the Gupta Go IES soups, into the work of the Public Security Bureau into the "ground".
1045 ::: "Yong Bu Mo Mie De Fan Hao" (2011) ::: war ::: Li Chishui is militia captain. In an unexpected delay action, he went on the front line and became the captain of the Battalion of his county. To be a good captain, Li Chishui tries everything, from improving training to recruit new members. Thanks to its efforts, its battalion is gradually developing. When the Japanese army sweeps away the region of northern China, the Li Chishui battalion is responsible for delaying an elite troop of more than 30,000 Japanese soldiers at all costs so that the headquarters of the eighth itinerary of the army will have time to transfer. Before accepting this essential task, Li Chishui makes a request: he wants an official designation for his battalion. After making this request, Li Chishui leads his battalion to the front, devoting their lives to this task. The battalion sticks to the battlefield for several days until they had nothing to fight and die in the battle. A month later, the CPC frame which attributes this task to the Li Chishui battalion returns to this battlefield. Faced with the graves of all the soldiers, he holds his promise to Li Chishui and grants a designation of Li Chishui. He says: "They defend the dignity of the army of the eighth route with their life. Today, I attribute to them this designation which will last forever! For China, we will fight any enemy until we Vived each drop of our blood. "
1046 ::: "Xiu Cai Yu Dao Bing" (2015) ::: war ::: One is a farmer who has only the need for life, Ma Sanpao; The other is a young master of a wealthy and influential family, Long Kian. Ma Sanpao hates see Long Qianyan's weak and gentle appearance, while Long Qianyan can't withstand the impulsive, rude and ignorant behavior of Ma Sanpao. The accession of Wang Shangong, an actress, and Gao Yanan, leader of Blue Dragon Society, makes the situation more complicated. The offer of Japanese troops destroys the peaceful life in Lvshun. To oppose someone else's aggression, they leave their moods aside and choose to fight the enemy side by side. No matter what they were before, they all share the same identity at that moment that is a soldier. They fight against the invasion of the army boldly and stick as they pass through the test of life and death. At first they are suffering. Then they join the Northeast Anti-Japanese United Forces. From that moment on, they expand their strength gradually and fight consistently against the enemy. By improving their strategies and military power, they become exceptional anti-Japanese fighters and the backbone of anti-Japanese power. In the end, they achieved remarkable military exploits. This group of fighters treat each other as brothers. In fact, they are just like a Siukai meeting soldiers. Together, they are an invincible team that differs in both literature and military. This drama shows the true quality of a unique set of characters. His interesting stories, personalized characters, the legend of the earth and the intriguing story are worth watching.
1047 ::: Words and Deeds (2009) ::: war ::: Continuing an interactive movie series. SGT Tony Ortega and his team provide medical help and fix the village water purification to obtain information about the missing Army SOF operator. Series Order: Episode 1 - Hearts and Minds 2 - Crossods Episode 3 - Civil Strief Episode 4 - Tribal Negotiation Episode 5 - Welcome to Aston Episode 6 - Anti -Narcotics Episode 7 - Words and Deeds Episode 8 - Resistant extremism episode 9 - Return to Horn Episode 10 - Let's Deal Episode 11 - After Action Review.
1048 ::: Five Days of Fire (2007) ::: war ::: During the Second World War, five days of fire is an exciting story of a US train that crosses the enemy area to secure a German weapon designer. Captain Casdorph has to lead a group of men who are increasingly split. While the enemy tries to hinder its progress from outside, the train is demolished from the inside. One of the soldiers, Jimmy Pratt, has to overcome his fear of death in order to complete the mission.
1049 ::: Ora X - pattuglia suicida (1969) ::: war ::: When the Germans are allowed to capture an island in the Mediterranean during World War II, a team of US soldiers is left behind to destroy a significant radio base. But this is just the beginning of problems for American troops, civilians and Germans.
1050 ::: Hajka (1977) ::: war ::: After issuing Chatenics and Destruction to a contract between partisans and Chatniks, an angry biased unit of betrayal, fraud is being broken. A broken group of parties inadvertently leads to the attention of the vandalism, and the Italian people, who made an attack at the headquarters of the Supreme People's Liberation struggle, entered the bloody campaign against wounded, hungry and weak armed parts. In hell, every single hunting beast becomes, and persecutes the animal. In the chaos of destruction, in the desert, in the midst of the rage of death, the son gives birth to the wounded parties, a symbol of the victory of life.
1051 ::: Krvava bajka (1969) ::: war ::: In memory of the victims of Kraguzheva massacre is described by a group of children, shoe polishes. At that time, thousands of workers refused to work for invaders, and the whole city was subjected to the harsh repression and persecution of innocent citizens and stable foods.
1052 ::: Lady from Chungking (1942) ::: war ::: In China-occupied China, Madame Kwan Mei is the leader of a resistance organization based in rural village. When two American aircraft are killed near the village, it makes plans to save them and have to help the organization. Then, when the Japanese General Kaimura arrives in the village, she realizes that a large operation is imminent. She decides to impersonia Aristocrats, in order to win the confidence of the general and learn his plans.
1053 ::: Hajka (1977) ::: war ::: After issuing Chetnix and destruction to sign an agreement between partisan and Chetnix, an angry bias of the anger of betrayal, the fraud is breaking. A group of broken prejudices unknowingly attracts to the attention of Chetnix, and instead, the attack on the headquarters of the Supreme people's liberation struggle, the attack on the headquarters of the Supreme people, entered the bloody campaign against the injured, hungry and poor armed parts. By excavation. In that hell, everyone is a hunted beast, and tortured beast. In the chaos of destruction, in the wilderness, in the middle of the destruction of death, the son gives birth to the injured bias, which is a symbol of life success.
1054 ::: 101 (2016) ::: war ::: '101' Abel Gans movie 'JAQUISE!' It is considered one of the most important ants in history. For this reason, the '101' was produced on the basis of silent structure. The film is in 1914 with the Tannerburg war in East Prussia. This ended with the German victory over the Russian armed forces. The commander-in-chief of the German army, Paul Van Hindenberg, is the 'Tannerburg winner in history', as the German command decided to name the village of Tannenburg, which was actually close to the fight. Thus, the Germans are trying to eliminate the history of defeat they experienced in the first battle of Tanneburg 500 years before 1410. '101' is also related to today's world, which has shown the same storytellers play historical roles in the film. Their perspectives in the form of documentary tables are indulged in the main storyline of the film to suit a subjective music story, characteristic of a quiet image. '101' is the artistic perspective of the world today in a particular historical context, which is 101 years after the beginning of the First World War, would it mean to raise the question of whether it would make sense to film an anti -luggage? And 'J'acacuse!' It almost sinks into the oblivion.
1055 ::: The Exploits of the Emden (1928) ::: war ::: German officers will join their wife to the German battleship SMS Emden and then patrol the Chinese sea. When World War I broke out, Emden was summoned to the service and the sailor could not meet his wife. Later, SMS Emden supported a sinking passenger ship, and the officers discovered that his wife was riding an unfortunate liner. She was found in the rescued person and was relieved to sail. After the ship temporarily port, the sailor breaks his wife, the cruiser meets HMAS Sydney in battle and sinks. Fortunately, the police escape from the sinking ship and reunite with his wife.
1056 ::: Battle of Mortimers Cross (1987) ::: war ::: It was on February 2, 1461 and Edward Mortimer (who will soon be King Edward the fourth) led his Yorkist forces to the victory on the invasive Lancastrian army only after the execution of his father and his brother. The battle took place on the Herfordshire hills, where Edward's forces faced a much larger army, but prevailed at the end, paving the way for the coronation of Edward as king. It is undoubtedly the most famous battle of the Roses War
1057 ::: Hamase-ye darre-ye Shiler (1987) ::: war ::: Conspiracy Summary: Merciful from the Revolutionary Guards (IRGC) has been expelled. He steals a small bus, goes to Kurdistan, is intercepted, and is forcibly held by a branch of the Kurdish Democratic Party in Iran headed by Heissam Khan. The party attends weapons and ammunition from Iraq. IRGC learns about this and sends a person named Nasser to get more information. The Kurds define and kill him. Heissam Khan was killed by a village. The true merciful identity becomes known when he goes to Iraq to get ammunition. To prove his innocence, he goes to the IRGC headquarters and volunteers on a suicide mission. Clashes begin with Kurdish Democrats and the victory of IRGC forces.
1058 ::: Victory (1913) ::: war ::: The United States Maritime Minister Utah is asking to move forward with the Republic of Antils to protect American interests during the imminent revolution. Upon their arrival at Kayman, the prominent leader Benson orders the Lieutenant and I want to move forward to Valdiva and the capital, and to submit a report to the American embassy to keep him advised the general situation. Upon his arrival, Lieutenant Ward Gordon and his daughter Helen, who is located simultaneously in love, meets, but he finds a competitor in the person of General de la Monte, the Minister of Antilla War. It also meets with a young inventor who just finished building a water plane. While attending a government ball, Helen hears General de la Monte, conspiring to assassinate President Martinez, and then bombing an American warship in an attempt to take over the government in his hands. Helen tells Lieutenant Ward from the plot. Before he has the opportunity to thwart these plans, Lieutenant Ward is incorrectly arrested to kill President Martinez. Minister Gordon finally gets the freedom of Lieutenant Ward, but not at the appropriate time to prevent the departure of the conspirators. They are prevented from sending a warning by the wireless and the Putnant, who decides that their only hope is that he is making a trip of fifty miles in water aircraft. The mobile photo camera in the water aircraft shows itself and then an exciting racing by air and land. Lieutenant Ward, at an altitude of 1500 feet, making a bold slide of prevention and barely up there in a timely manner to prevent its destruction by a port mine throwing a tower of water two hundred feet in the air. Leader Banson immediately opens fire on the fort and during this exciting fighting. Liturgy is required to drop a bomb of hydrocklan. He does this with fatal results. This is not soon that this battle is being attacked by the foreign fleet and is an amazing naval battle that shows the state of Utah and defeats the fleet with the help of bombs from water aircraft. The final scenes of this marine battle show the indisputable foreign masses and the mineral steel with actual drowning in the sea from one of these ships. Wireless access. Benson from the American embassy stated that the rebellion had occurred in the city. Com. Benson orders Lieutenant Ward to rescue with a marine infantry company. They share the revolutionaries of more than three to one. After the desperate participation, the infantry of the navy is paid foreign batteries and stole the enemy. The Lievante is going to Valdiva with the victorious Marines and saved Minister Gordon and Hilin. The last scene shows that Lieutenant Ward succeeds in love as is the case in the war, where Helen wins, after which she is presented to the officers and his crew. Utah, who chant it to echo.
1059 ::: Balami be soo-ye sahel (1986) ::: war ::: At the end of October 1981, when Khorramshahr risks collapsing, a battalion commander of the revolutionary guards to help the warriors of the city of Tehran Morteza, and because of his journey near the Iraqis, they should bring the port of Khorramshahr of Mahshahr By helicopter, but his efforts for the helicopter failed and Morteza Battalion.
1060 ::: "The Red" (2014) ::: war ::: In 1937 the Japanese authorities began the wicked war against Chinese, the Chinese countries had entered the critical time. The Xu of Xu is a small speech, accidents involving the Japanese, so he used a sharp mind that helps representatives that elevate important items. At this time, he met Jin in Tilin, and met the good company, but met the woman beautiful, or following the only time of history ......
1061 ::: Pohwasokui shibjaga (1956) ::: war ::: Major Kim was cut from his forces after the Chinese forces sank in the Korean war. He gets shelter in an old woman's bar, along with the two American soldiers who injured, but they stay for longer- they danger the life of the elderly woman
1062 ::: Hamase-ye darre-ye Shiler (1987) ::: war ::: Listing menu: Rahim has been dispersed from the security guards (IRGC). He steals that the MINEBus, go to Kordestan and be self-centered by the other person of the Erran Khan going. The team brings arms and ammunition in Iraq. Irgc learn about this and sends the one with the name of the name of the name of the information. Kurds display nasser and killed. The Member of the city kills Histan Khan. RHHAM is known when it's going to Iraq to get a gun. To show that his hand is innocent, he goes to the headquarters in a volunteer for free to commit suicide. The bone begins with the Democrats Democrats and IRGC military.
1063 ::: Kony Order from Above (2017) ::: war ::: Two children (Opti and Aguti) fall in love during the tummy Insurgence of Uganda Lord Resistance (LRA), but are separated when Opti is kidnapped at the age of 11. beaten with each attempt to no avail. So he decides to stay in the almond with the LRA insurgents and will soon be introduced into the inner command ring of the LRA notorious rebel leader Joseph Kony. Despite his concession for notary, his love for Aguti remains undetermined. In an attempt to support her, OTTI writes letters to Aguti-who is at the time attending school at Aboke Girl's school-via the Reverend village. Quickly enough, the leadership of the LRA receives a ruthless communication wind and master (High Commander of the LRA) decides to attack the village, and seizes everyone in it. The rebels also attack the girls' school where aguti is also kidnapped. Upon arrival in the rebel field, kidnapping are shown to Kony that their interest falls on aguti instantly, ignorant of the relationship between it and Opti. He then takes her by force as a woman and she becomes his youngest wife. However, being in the inner circle comes close to her of OTI, which is Kony's favorite and most trusted soldier. Opti is then in charge of the safety of Kony's last aguti woman-spent between loyalty to the rebel cause and his love for her.
1064 ::: Marionette (????/II) ::: war ::: The Story of Two Downed Airmen, One Black Fighter Pilot from the 332nd Fighter Group "The Tuskegees", the other a Young Raf Bomb Loi, the Sole Survivor of A Lancaster Crew, in Occupied Czechoslovakian Territory in the Few Remaining Weeks Before Hostilities in May 1945. While they were trying to avoid capture by poorly disciplined German forces now retired, improbable camaraderie developed between the descendant of a former slave of the colonies of Louisiana, and a well -educated young man British from the British, and a well -educated young man from the British privileged upper classes, as everyone comes to rely on the other for his survival. But what seems to be friendship is something more bizarre - a relationship that seems to transcend the place where they are both - and even transcend the time itself.
1065 ::: Black Friday: Dark Dawn II (2014) ::: war ::: In this movie sequel to the Black Friday series: Dark Dawn, see how Marine Corps turns rough recruits into certified members of the world's most lethal combat machine. Follow the SSGT Nichols drill instructor and his elite team for an exclusive post-scenes look at the U.S. maritime body boot. Learn what is needed to earn a position in the most fearful and respected military force I have ever seen. Can you survive the hardest recruitment training imaginable?
1066 ::: Red Army Heroes (1990) ::: war ::: In 1948 Xia Rescue. Zhong Feng drives the car to the road station. Spion was chased, Zhong Feng unfortunately fired, jumped into the movable yellow river ... ... Zhong Feng was rescued under the river north of our army, the enemy's temporary expense to tell the enemy to abandon the North to escape and recently and To blow up the yellow river bridge. Local authorities and military leaders held a memorial ceremony for comrades Zhongfeng, Zhongmu, Zhongqiang, erase the tears of their loved ones to join Zhengzhou's Liberation in support of former work. The Headquarters of the Field Army immediately telegraphed the chairman of Xibaipo Mao, the CPC Central Military Commission, that the time for ripe and immediately issued the order to release Jingzhou. The central plains of the Army One, three, four, nine columns in Ksgang, Laya Chen escapes the enemy to the north to fight the bloody battles, the correspondent Liu Kauzway, Commander of the Rota Hu-Yu, a heroic victim. After 24 hours of fierce fighting for the protection of the Asian Second, the first railway bridge in the yellow river in China erased more than 15,000 enemies. Junzhou's victory over the battle.
1067 ::: The Rose of No Man's Land (????) ::: war ::: The Roos of No Man's Land is a drama from the First World War that is not about the war. It's about the people who have been left behind. The women who are left to run the country and how they stepped on it. What is even more important, it is about women who do not allow themselves to be determined by who they are seen as and where they come from. Traditionally, war stories talk about the dramatic effect it has on the men fighting the war, but the women are also fighting injustice. Men who fight and the horrors of the battlefield are often and well depicted, but Rose has a new perspective and a unique story to tell. From nurse Edith Cavell to the unloving women; Maisie, Florence and Dorothy, De Roos of No Man's Land is about remarkable, strong women who would not be suppressed without a fight.
1068 ::: Hong se niang zi jun (1961) ::: war ::: In the 1930s, Wu Qionghua was a cleaning lady from Nan-Ba-Tian, ​​a cruel warlord of a village on the island of Hainan, China. Often mistreated by her master, Qionghua was finally saved by Hong Changqing, chief of the red detachment of women - a troop of women soldiers. She joined the troop and became the leader of the detachment after the death of Hong. They captured and executed the warlord and released the native village of Qionghua.
1069 ::: Bataan (1943) ::: war ::: Japan has just invaded the Philippines and the US Army is trying to protect. Thirteen men are chosen by flying a bridge over the Batan Peninsula and rebuilding the Japanese.
1070 ::: The Battle of Trafalgar (1911) ::: war ::: We came from Admiralt to Nelson to Nelson, and then he introduced his famous speech and introduces him to his captains, and then inspired his captains and their spirits. Then when we wrote the last letters of men, we go with the day before the battle. Here a beautiful stage and photographic effects were introduced, as there seemed to see one of the lieutenants. This allows you to introduce a famous series of a letter, which invited Lord Nelson mail to one message and everyone floating into the sea were listened. We then spend us together for eighteen eight hundred five, five, five when we see enemy fleet. The decks are refined for the action and depicted the rise in colors at all over the ceremony. The right story of the famous "England" symbolizes and held in every detail and is held in every detail, and we are held in detail and we say goodbye to the Life of Nelson. a reflection of his death. We now want to go to a little man in his life and know the real character of man because he was written to his diary in his final subscription, he will be reconciled to his diary. Now we came to a wonderful view of the real battle of Trafalgar. We see ships, cannons and ships on fire on fire and then the camera approached hundreds of decks of the victory, where a thunderstorm is the end of the thunderstorm and Nelson's fall. Then we are interested in the wonderful character, solemn, solemn, beauty and pathons of his death in all of them; Its farewell to Captain Harddi, the last kiss, the news of the victory and his death.
1071 ::: "Qi jian" (2008) ::: war ::: Heng Yuanhai joins the marine army with great expectations to make contributions to a strong Chinese naval power. Lu Huai, chief of the naval base, appoints Zheng Yuanhai to an abandoned place to test his solution. At the beginning of his training, Zheng Yuanhai always contradicts Chen Jianjun, director of the department for rockets and naval series. Ten years later, Chen Jianjun became a frigate captain in Jianjun a destroyer captain and Zheng Yuanhai. In the fight against an unknown invasive submarine, Zheng Yuanhai's wisdom and Chen Jianjuns come together to build a strong sea defense. At the critical time of the campaign for the captain of flagship, Chen Jianjun's current slip leads to the escape of the unknown submarine. When he moves out his army uniform, Chen Jianjun Zheng Yuanhai chooses to recognize the great expectations of his generation for him. Zheng Yuanhai, who starts at a university student recruited in the marine, becomes after all difficulties and setbacks and finally leads a fleet towards Blue Sea to write a beautiful story about loyalty and strength.
1072 ::: Countering Extremism (2009) ::: war ::: We will continue the interactive movie series. Sergeant. Tony Ortega must find the Army SOF operator by building a relationship with the elders of the local village. Series Order: Episode 1-Heart and Mind Road Episode 2-Cross Road Episode 3-Civil Convention Episode 4-Tribal Negotiations Episode 5-A'STAN Episode 6-Welcome to Antiamant Episode 7-Action 8- Extremist Episode 8- Extremist Episode Compatible with 9 -Return to Horn Episode 10 -Let's make a trading episode 11 after the action review.
1073 ::: "Qi jian" (2008) ::: war ::: Hen Yuanhai joins the Navy with great expectations to contribute to a strong Chinese naval power. Lou Huai, a Navy -based head, appoints John Yuanhai in an empty place to test his resolution. However, at the beginning of his studies, Jun Yuanhai always contradicts Chen Jiandzhun, director of the rocket and naval division. Ten years later, Chen Dzhandzhun became the captain of the destroyer, and John Yuanhai Captain of the Frigate. In the fight against an unknown invasive submarine, the wisdom of Zheng Yuanhai and the courage of Chen Jiandzhun gather in the construction of strong naval protection. However, at the critical moment of the campaign for a leading captain, Chen Dzhandzhun's instant slide leads to the escape of the unknown submarine. When he downloads his army uniform, Cheng Dzhandzhun chooses John Yuanhai to realize his generation's high expectations for him. Zheng Yuanhai, who starts with a university student appointed to the Navy, becomes a leading captain after going through all the difficulties and failures and ultimately leading a fleet to the blue sea to write a beautiful story of loyalty and power.
1074 ::: O dromos ton iroon (1971) ::: war ::: Shortly before the outbreak of World War II, the Greek embassy reported to the Navy General Staff in Rome, that the Italian spy was known to work in his environment, but in the meantime the spy died. After Eli Torpidong, the priests fall on the Lieutenant Commander Vesilis Vachliotis, the daughter of Rear Admiral Leosis, who thus admits to being deprived of serving her homeland, who is planning to steal spies and steals. Helping the secret plans for the Greek fleet.
1075 ::: The Waler: Australia's Great War Horse (2015) ::: war ::: In 1914-18, more than 130,000 Australian horses were served in the Great War. About 30 thousand people in the Middle East were engaged. He is famous for Wales, which is born in desert sands, their legend. They took their men in a long way to Damascus, but at the end of the war they did not come home. These are their colonial origin, their gallery service and their shame fate. The Great War horses will lead to Australia, from the older Indian ocean to the pyramils ​​of Egypt, Gallipol and the Middle East for an excelled desert sands. After threatening the Suez Canal after the Hallipoli crash and Ottoman Turks, the Australian light regiments, "Glay" and Palestine had to do three-year campaigns to remove Turks. Seizure from Jordan and Damascus. This epic desert war was necessary to keep the epic wars without horsemen or horses, veterinarians, veterinators, ferrouslists, lost, socks and fodder suppliers. Intensive bonds between men and horses, and the loss of horse precipitation is an experiment. For the first time, a famous party horses belong to the famous partnership: Michael Shhanahan and "Start" and Gay Haydon and "Middle of the night". In conclusion, this shows that our names did not come home.
1076 ::: Geojedo: The 3rd Frontline (2017) ::: war ::: Geogevo P.O Camp (Worg) Prisoner founded in 1950) in 1950 when the Korean war ended. However, these prisoners were Koreans, however, it was cautioned by two ideologies - Communism and capital governor. In 1952, General Film Kidnapped to return their return to North Korea, the Communist detainees. The Korean-US-US command decided to influence the Central Agent Hozone to Central Agent Hozon to the Central Agent Hozone Kim to the Central Agent Hozon Kim to the Central Agent Hozone. 'Studio microg macro graphs' that is the first person view of cinema side and audience at Jewadio P.O.W on cinema side and visitors (FPV) interaction.
1077 ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock (2012) ::: war ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock is a 2012 video game released for PS3, Xbox 360 and PC by Developer 505 Games and published by Paramount Digital Entertainment. It was released on March 13, 2012 in the United States and April 5, 2012 in Europe. It features MAVERICK, Iceman, Merlin and Jester as supportive characters, 14 missions and aircraft. It also includes new characters as a young pilot named SPIDER similar to MAVERICK, Wingman Deadeye and Fury, which resembles both snowfla and Charlie as a competitor and a love for SPIDER.
1078 ::: Marionette (????/II) ::: war ::: The story of a third of the two flights, one driver of a young person by the Czechoslovakian soldiers in the state of Czechoslovakian in the 1945. As they -When to avoid holding the young Gestari soldiers now, the young man who is highly high, as anyone makes it depends on the other for their survival. But about friendship is another bizarre - the relationship seems to be downloading their two find themselves - and even cross.
1079 ::: Maria's Song (????) ::: war ::: Maria's Song tells the story of a clear, rebellious, eleven -year -old girl and her thirteen -year -old protector, her hero, her brother George, while traveling through a war city, to save their lives and beat the opportunities, in such a world a world If it is possible to introduce you.
1080 ::: La lunga notte dei disertori - I 7 di Marsa Matruh (1970) ::: war ::: When German Africa Korps smashed through the Allied lines in North Africa in 1942 during the Second World War; A group of British soldiers is determined to return to their own lines. On the way more Allied survivors record, their journey is full of danger and Germans.
1081 ::: Balami be soo-ye sahel (1986) ::: war ::: At the end of October 1981, when the Khorramshahr is at risk of collapse, commander of the Revolutionary Guards Battalion to help Teheran Morteza city fighters, and because of her path near the Iraqis, they have to bring the port of Khorramshahr Mahshahr from a helicopter, but his efforts to the helicopter failed and Morteza Battalion.
1082 ::: "Voennaya razvedka. Severnyy front" (2012) ::: war ::: "War Information Service: Northern Front" is a preview of Season 1. This tells us about the formation of the vanguard's crew and shows its actions on the northern front before the start of the Finland war and during it. They spy on the Finnish artillery actions on the border with the Soviet Union, and witnesses do not want the first shot into the homeland. They recognize a camp where German coaches train agents to infiltrate the Soviet Union. They also blow up the gate to prevent the floods of our soldiers in the Moadheim line. And they even escape the Finnish shooter with the "killer officer" ...
1083 ::: Hong se niang zi jun (1961) ::: war ::: In the 1930s, the WUY7egUGUA was a valley of Way9egugua, a valve of villages at the Hinan Island. Salingawa was imposed by Hong business, finally rescued by Hong Cherry, the International Women's Women's International Women's Women joined forces and became the leader after the death of Hong. They made the war and executed and opened the village of Johnia.
1084 ::: Wunderland (2017) ::: war ::: Christmas of 1944, the Germans make a final thrust against the attacker allied armies in the west. Lieutenant Robert Cappa and his squad of soldiers of the 2nd Infantry Division have received the order to celebrate a vital crossing of the road against the German aggressors. Cappa and his men must find their faith and strength to face their enemy in the epic struggle known as "the battle of the bulture."
1085 ::: Flight 208 (2007) ::: war ::: Test and form & ideas & ideas, he travels in the skies and time, and over millions, roars on the other side, about five minutes. The visible experience makes a hasty situation that shows the condition of life and death of meditation. Dreams, ideas, ideas, the moncue tape (or many things) ... Whatever it takes, it takes a single flight.
1086 ::: The Samson Option (????) ::: war ::: A biochemical attack on America and Israel leads to the brink of global apocalypsa. Sara Mann, the first president of the United States wants to fight enemies at home and abroad while risking all this in the search for a singular act of good will that can stop the madness and change the A course of history.
1087 ::: Wien im Krieg (1916) ::: war ::: Vienna's residents bring roads to greene of soldiers who go to war. Koran and Wwards Franzin xar vermper includes self-self-self-escaped, and is the leader of the planet. One of the female men in the same time, when someone has three cookies in Vienna: France, humidity, humidity. All small girls stay loyal to him, when he is in the face, and it all sends the letters of passions. The fleet on May day and his father Franches are in Vienna on a short holiday. They are sitting in open air with another soldier, when suddenly pullde and Franzi begins at the same time. When the two women finds a romance with both of them, they have a romance with both of them, they start a cry and conflict. Surfl is trying to escape, but the land in one battle between teni. The father Farzaz was the steps as a health that comes to argument and walks in his hand. At the same time furness heel away from narrow. He jumps in a tram, where he found poddy, the one who looks with anger and kisses. The deserts at the same time find French to find a new function in the third soldier in coffee.
1088 ::: Operation Blackbird (????) ::: war ::: During the Second World War, an agency called Waves trained women in special ops. A group of them is used in a mission known as an operation Blackbird. After the war they are hunted by former colleagues and enemies. You should have left her alone.
1089 ::: Hong se niang zi jun (1961) ::: war ::: In the 1930s, a housewife of Wu Kionghua Non-Ba-Tian, ​​a brutal war, from a village in Hainan Island, China. Kionghua, who was often abused by her boss, was finally rescued by the women's red detach leader Hong Changing - the forces of female soldiers. She joined the forces and became a detachment leader after Hong's death. They attracted the battlefield and executed and freed Kionghua's own village.
1090 ::: Blood Army (2010) ::: war ::: It was a threat for years, a decrease in tensions, the truce is challenged and tested. The pieces fall in place. The war is now inevitable as the forces of good and evil prepare for a huge battle in order to end all others, and finally decide the destiny of the earth and its human population ...
1091 ::: Pacific Islands (1992) ::: war ::: Ian Right visits Pacific Islands with Fiji, Wanadu and Solomon Islands. He begins his journey in Fiji, where he was welcomed with the local tribe Kawa alcoholism. Mild drugs are often provided as a symbol of friendship to guests and are also used to make seal for alliances, mainly to start meetings, and to memorize births, deaths and marriages. He also dives in the Astrolabay Ref, which spread to the east side of the small island north of Kadavu. In the Fijian island, Manna, Ian eats sharks with a local man named Ian API. The API comes from a family, believing that it has associated with sharks, and has been training sharks to feed him for the past two years. In 1774, an islands from Mana, to Ian Wanu, named Captain Cook new Hebrides. On the island of Ambrin, he meets with a tribe chief who practiced cannibalism and witnessed the traditional Rome dance, where dancers pretend to be the spirit of living in their clothes. He also visits the hot spring on the island of SCV and Tanna, where he climbed a huge Yasur volcano. It is the most accessible and active volcano in the world. Ian Solomon continues his journey to the islands. In World War IIs were used as a war -battle ground between Americans and Japanese, and thousands of abandoned ships and tanks are now filled with country and seas. Ian goes to Gizo, where he enters Tao Maron, with the most intact in all debris, with bottles, typewriters and other daily items when the ship falls. On the island of Busu, Ian shell sees making money. This traditional currency is still used to resolve bride prices and disputes.
1092 ::: Pohwasokui shibjaga (1956) ::: war ::: Major Kim is detached from his troops after being buried by the Chinese forces during the Korean War. He shelter in the old woman's barn with two injured American soldiers, but the longer they remain-the longer they put the old woman's life at risk
1093 ::: Operation Jericho (2018) ::: war ::: While they serve in the Marine Corps of the United States, two Muslim-American brothers are recruited by the CIA to infiltrate a terrorist cell in Afghanistan; Struggling in the knowledge that destroying the whole village to kill a man will mean the loss of innocent life and true love.
1094 ::: Opasni put (1963) ::: war ::: In the last days of WW2, two children from Egoslavia manage to escape from the Nazi concentration camp. They start a long and dangerous journey home.
1095 ::: Broj 55 (2014) ::: war ::: In the fall of 1991, a small group of Croatian soldiers watched in an improvised army vehicle. Shortly after they were to be dressed and their vehicle was destroyed, in that situation they were forced to hide in a nearby house. While stationed in that house they would be attacked by rebel Serbs, the Serbian Special Forces and the NA (the Yugoslav People's Army, also restrained as the Yugoslav National Army). Their resistance to the attackers lasts 24 hours while their fellow fighters try to try to get them out of there. The movie and history are based on true events that happened during the Croatian Independence War. In the fall of 1991, a small group of Croatian soldiers watched in an improvised army vehicle. Shortly after they were to be dressed and their vehicle was destroyed, in that situation they were forced to hide in a nearby house. While stationed in that house they would be attacked by the rebel Serbs, the Serbian Special Forces and the NA (Army of the Yugoslav people, also called as a Yugoslav national army). Their resistance to the attackers lasts 24 hours while their fellow fighters try to try to get them out of there. The movie and history are based on true events that happened during the Croatian Independence War.
1096 ::: Kraljevski voz (1981) ::: war ::: It was 1941 that the German armies took Yugoslavia, train playport and chemical sports for privacy and privacy The two German German and the police are looking for it on the train, its coming and the coming in Kallavo as possible. His determination to get the right people will get the right people to go, and it goes, by a gun attack when warfare will arrive - know the way to finish his work.
1097 ::: Cenata na gradot (1970) ::: war ::: The films are held in a small town where the Germans are ready to retreat near the end of the war. But once Russian prisoners feed on them, then the prisoners overcome their guards and escape. The people of the city try to save them from the Germans but fail.
1098 ::: Sgt. Dondi (1980) ::: war ::: Join the army, see the world. Join the army, see the mud. Sergeant. Dundi and her men are on a mission. A mission to do what is not certain. Hollywood Lewd, Psycho, Dago and Scout, led by Od Ball Lt characters, see the Dundee Trudge by the forests of South Asian. Will they reach their objective? Will they succeed? The package is in check order.
1099 ::: Not Another Mistake (1988) ::: war ::: Straper (Richard Norton) Vietnam Veterin is a wetick with a chips because the couple was killed in a couple and daughter. He then hired for Vietnam to get rid of a series of powerful / IM, including one commander, harriison. There is nothing to lose it, it takes the mission.
1100 ::: Mirko i Slavko (1973) ::: war ::: This is the year in 1941. World War II. A small place in the heart of Serbia has suffered from the German punitive campaign, which is transmitted across a small place. Children only who did not know even war ... the German shoe while they did not enter the place. Between jokes and harm, children are organized, and they organize the work and life of the village .... but the worst ... planned and the end of the organized attacks on the Germans, which will lead to a tragedy.
1101 ::: London Blitz (1983) ::: war ::: During the Battle of Britain, the German Luftwaffe threw thousands of tons of bombs in the city of London. As a member of the British royal engineers your task is to find bombs that have not yet exploded and to disarm them in time to protect the citizens of London.
1102 ::: Pohwasokui shibjaga (1956) ::: war ::: Major Kim cut himself with his soldiers after being overwhelmed by the Chinese forces during the Korean War. He takes refuge in an old woman's barn with two injured American soldiers, but as long as they stay, they risk the life of the old woman.
1103 ::: "Misija majora Atertona" (1986) ::: war ::: Major Atton's mission is a television mini -series in three sections. This true story is made of two parts that show Hydra operation. After the fall of the Republic of Osis and the success of the first enemy attack, the British submitted their mission, and the series shows the events and fate of three British secret services, SOE led by Major Trans Atton, who during World War II, early in World War II, early in World War II. In 1942, what was occupied by Yugoslavia at the time to determine whether the Partisans or the chains actually fought against or against the occupying forces.
1104 ::: The Samson Option (????) ::: war ::: The biochemical attack on the US and Israel leads to the threshold of the global apocalypse. US President Sarah Mann must fight enemies at home and abroad, while all this in an attempt to prevent a singular act that can prevent madness and change the process of history.
1105 ::: Seulpeumeun jeobyeoldeulegedo (1978) ::: war ::: The village of Kama overrun by the North Korean army during the Korean War, and the villagers are forced to surrender. Mambok, a fool of the village, adopts the conquered path in Glee, but when he sees the boy being slaughtered and asks a girl how his parents were killed, he caused a change in his mind. start.
1106 ::: Not Another Mistake (1988) ::: war ::: The streaker (Richard Norton) Vietnam vet was killed in an attack with a chip on his shoulder at his wife and daughter's house. He has since been recruited to go back to Vietnam to save some Pow/MIA, including a commander, Harrison. He has nothing to lose, he accepts the mission.
1107 ::: Krvava bajka (1969) ::: war ::: The memory of the victims of the Kragujevac massacre is described by the events related to a group of boys, shoeman. At that time, thousands of workers refused to work for the invaders, and the entire city was exposed to hard oppression and persecution of innocent citizens and the abolition of regular food rations.
1108 ::: Hajka (1977) ::: war ::: When Chethnik and Damage to a contract between people at Chetnik, an aggression of anger, irritable. One person who attracts an action that attracts themselves, the Italis, enters the bracelet of bloodshed, hunger and the most popular. In the land, every one turns to wildlife, and the beast is persecuted. In a mess of destruction, in the wilderness, studying others, the mark of victory.
1109 ::: "Zhan Lei" (2013) ::: war ::: HAO Dan is adapted to the rivals that can not adapt to military life, where it is approved in the mountains, where he will meet with a veteran, called Lin Feng. Hao Dan and Lin Feng gradually became a good friend. Army organizes a mine mine-cream campaign to ensure the safety of life and property of people living at the border. Therefore, GAO Denen and Lin Feng will visit open mines for local residents, make a great contribution to the elimination of mines in this area. After the campaign, they will join the group in the mine to demarcate, open the border demarcation, eliminate shirk demarcation, and ensure the safety of employees outside the border, thus successfully completed the boundary tablet. When cleaning the mines, Lin Fen sacrifice his life for children living in the border. After the death of Lin Feng, Gao deng will be his free inheritance and becomes a good peace with the will of the modern Chinese soldier, which will compile a song of the modern Chinese serviceman with blood and skin.
1110 ::: "Xiu Cai Yu Dao Bing" (2015) ::: war ::: One is a tenant maker who only has the necessities of life, Ma Sanpao; The other is a young master of a rich and influential family, Long Qianyan. Ma Sanpao has to see Long Qianyan's weak and gentle appearance, while Long Qianyan Ma Sanpao's impulsive, rude and ignorant behavior cannot endure. The joining of Wan Shanhong, an actress, and Gao Yanan, head of the Blue Dragon Society, makes the situation more complicated. Protecting the Japanese troops breaks peaceful life in Lvshun. In order to oppose foreign aggression, they put their feelings aside and decide to fight against the enemy shoulder. No matter what they used to be, they all all share the same identity at that moment. They fight bravely against penetrating army and stay together when they are run through the test of life and death. You are to say first. Then join the northeastern anti-Japanese united armed forces. From then on they gradually expand their strength and consistently fight against the enemy. By improving their strategies and military power, they become outstanding anti-Japanese fighters and the backbone of anti-Japanese power. Finally they reached remarkable military heroic deeds. This group of fighters treats like brothers. In fact, like Xiucai, they are soldiers. Together they are an invincible team that distinguishes both in the literature and the military. This drama shows the true quality of a unique amount of hero. His interesting stories, personalized characters, the down -to -earth legend and the fascinating plot are all worth.
1111 ::: La lunga notte dei disertori - I 7 di Marsa Matruh (1970) ::: war ::: When Africa, Germany, broke the North African Allies in 1942 during World War II. The group of British soldiers has decided to return to their line. When we pick up more alliance survivors on the way, their journey is suffering from Danger and Germans in every turn.
1112 ::: Cross of Steel (2014) ::: war ::: Cross of steel is the secondary of the 2th battle of the battle II is the other. The movie is followed by the German soldiers focus and make an effort to show an unnecessary thought. Without a political or other person. Join us as we examine the German Warehouse and worked, higher armor, mental conditions are not available.
1113 ::: "Obratnoy dorogi net" (1971) ::: war ::: The Great Red Army Toporkov escapes from the prisoners' camp at the request of the prisoners in the Partisan unit: The uprising is being prepared in the camp, weapons are needed. The commander sends the convoy with a gun, but there may be a traitor inside the unit.
1114 ::: "Perevodchik" (2014) ::: war ::: This is a story that is a normal person hero. Chemistry Teacher Andre Petrovich Starikov, a nickname nicknamed "Charlie", lives in an old house with his wife and mother. People from many countries live in this house. Among them are Russians, Ukrainians, Jews, Tartors and Armenians. But when the Nazis enter the city, the lives of citizens change. To protect his family and friends, "Charlie" should work as a translator for Nazi ...
1115 ::: The Crimson Wing (1915) ::: war ::: Count Ludwig von Leun-Walram, an officer of the German army, meets Marguerite Clairon, an actress, while she was in a watering place on the border of France. She falls in love with him and reveals his feelings. He rejects her in such a kind way that she only loves her more. Later, the count meets Marcelle de Lembach, daughter of a French general, whom he had known in childhood. He falls deeply in love with her. While he still courts it, however, war broke out between Germany and France and it is recalled to his command. Marcelle is intensely patriotic and goes to the front with her father. She heads a troop of soldiers against a German screening party when the officer is killed. It is captured by the Count, who sends her safely to the French lines. Paul d'Arblay, a spy, is one of Miss's contenders. He swears that he will put her in her power. She joined the French army as an infirmer of the Red Cross. On the battlefield, she found the count wounded and was going to treat him until he was almost found. She then manages to send him back to his command. Arblay discovers this and threatens to denounce the count as a spy unless she carries his wishes. She agrees in order to save the count, promising to meet him at the home of his aunt nearby. It goes there that evening and finds it dead. She kept her promise, but takes poison rather than submitting to him. The count meets Marcelle after the end of the war and they are engaged.
1116 ::: "Xiu Cai Yu Dao Bing" (2015) ::: war ::: One is a tenant farmer, he has a need for life, MA Sanpao; The second is a young master of a rich and influential family, a long-lasting cannon. Ma Sanpao hates a long-lasting and soft look, and long-canted Ma Sanpo can not be impulsive, coarse, rude and uncomfortable. Van Shankhong, Heads of Actress and Blue Dragon Society, Acrissan and Gao Young complicate the situation. The weapons of Japanese troops destroy peace in LAN. In order to resist foreign aggression, they decide their opinions and decide to fight the enemy's shoulder. No matter what they did before they do, they share the same identity at that time. They are attacked and life and death and fight courage and go together. They first stretched. Then they add to the northeastern Japanese combined forces. Since then, they have gradually expanded their efforts and are fighting according to the enemy. By improving their strategies and military forces, they will be the basis of Japanese antivirus fighters and Japanese government. Eventually, they have achieved great military goals. This group of warriors looks at each other like brothers. In fact, they meet with sieeschas, soldiers. Together, they are a non-defeated team in literature and military. This drama reflects the real quality of a unique character set. Its interesting stories, personalized characters, a legend and interesting plot on earth - it is worth everything.
1117 ::: Combat Killers (1968) ::: war ::: Late in World War II, an inexperienced American officer, determined to gain glory for himself, loses half his platoon in a bloody battle with Japanese soldiers. While trying to bring his people out of their unsafe position, a lieutenant softens to another enemy force, which plans to wipe the remaining soldiers using a well -established ambush. The officer and a beautiful peasant have been caught, but desperately try to escape to warn Americans of their deadly danger.
1118 ::: Victory (1913) ::: war ::: Navy Secretary USS Utah to proceed to the Antilla Republic to protect American interests during the nearest revolution. On his arrival at Kaiman, the main maritime port, commander Benson Lieutenant and Ward orders the Ward to move the remote towards the capital and inform the American Embassy so that it can be advised of a normal situation. On his arrival, Lieutenant with Ward Minister Gordon and his daughter Helen meet with whom he once falls in love, but Antilla's Battle Minister General D La Monteni found a rival. He also meets a young inventor who has just finished making hydroplane. Helen General D La Monten was plotting to assassinate President Martinez while participating in the government's balls, and then the American war in an attempt to take the government's reins in his hands. Helen Lieutenant and Ward is called a conspiracy. Before he has the opportunity to thwart these plans before Lieutenant Ward Ward is incorrectly arrested for the assassination of President Martinez. Minister Gordon eventually gains the freedom of Lieutenant V Ward Ward, but not timely to prevent the departure of the conspirators. They are prevented from sending alerts by wireless and lieutenant vard Ward, they determine their only hope to make a fifty miles flight in Hydroplan. The moving picture placed in hydroplan shows attractive races by air and ground after the Camera Mero. Lieutenant Ward, 1,500 feet of height of the height of 1,500 feet makes a daring glide for war and arrives there on time to prevent its destruction by a port of the port throwing a tower of water in the air. Commander Benson immediately opens fire on the fort and during this thrilling combat. Lieutenant Ward wants permission to place a bomb from the Hydroplane. It does so with fatal consequences. The fight is not sooner than the attack on Utah by a foreign fleet, and there is a wonderful naval war that shows Utah to beat the fleet with the help of a bomb from hydroplane. In the final scenes of this Navy, foreign ships show the helpless masses of twisted steel with real drowning in the sea of ​​these ships. Reaches a wireless com. Benson of the American Embassy reports that there was a rebellion in the city. Community. Benson Lieutenant Ward Ward orders rescue with a Marine company. They engage in revolutionists who are more than three of them. After a desperate engagement, the marine charges a foreign battery and pushes the enemy. Lieutenant Ward marches to Valdiva with a victorious marine and will save Minister Gordon and Helen. In the last scene, Lieutenant V Ward Ward has been shown to be successful in love as a war, as if Helen wins, then she is introduced to officers and crews. Utah, who makes him excited for a echo.
1119 ::: Cross of Steel (2014) ::: war ::: Cross of Steel is a documentary from World War II like no other. The film follows the war in terms of German soldiers and seeks to depict an impartial point of view. No political tones or third -party agenda. Join us as we analyze the German military machine and dissect their elite combat tactics and training, advanced weapons, psychological condition and unsurpassed discipline.
1120 ::: When We Were Heroes (2005) ::: war ::: "When We Wre Heroes" is a (no budget) a war film that was played and produced by those from 12 to 20 years old. Without any professional help or professional actors. The idea was to make a film dedicated to those who fought in the battle called Operation Market Garden. Three young men from the 101st airborne division who fell deep into the Holland occupied on September 17, 1944; Operation Market Garden The greatest military action after D -Day. In their mission to Eindhoven, the soldiers occupied villages and faced the German troops and the civilian victims. One of the victims was a young girl named Anna Rutten. The experiences of the two brothers Joe and John Davidson and their close friend James H. Perry Memories recalled by letters written in both directions by Joe and Anna after the war. "When We Wre Heroes" is a touching war drama, full of action. The film shows what a war made to young people who are sent to war and show different ways in which people find in war experiences.
1121 ::: Ora X - pattuglia suicida (1969) ::: war ::: When the Germans are allowed to recapture an island in the Mediterranean during the WWII, a US soldier squad is left behind to destroy an important radio base. But this is just the beginning of the problems for US troops, civilians and Germans.
1122 ::: "Perevodchik" (2014) ::: war ::: This is a story of a regular man becoming a hero. Andrey Petrovich Starikov, a chemistry teacher nicknamed "Charlie", lives with his wife and mother in an old house. This house is inhabited by people of many nations. Among them are Russians, Ukrainians, Jews, Tartars and Armenians. But when the Nazis enter the city, the lives of civilians change. To save his family and friends, "Charlie" must work as a translator for the Nazis ...
1123 ::: Russkaya zhertva (2009) ::: war ::: It is the history of the battle for the height 776 on February 29-March 1, 2000. A paratroopers company of the 76 Division of the airport by Pskov was attacked by superior forces of Chechen separatists and foreign mercenaries, trying to avoid envelope.
1124 ::: The Exploits of the Emden (1928) ::: war ::: A German officer requests him to join his wife, German War, and then patrolling the seas in China. When the first World War began, Emden was called for service and the sailor could not meet his wife. SMS Emden then helped the sinking passenger ship and the officer found that his wife was in the unfortunate liner. She appears in those who are protected and the sailor receives relief. After the ship briefly poured goodbye to the ports and sailor to his wife, the cruiser then meets HMAS Sydney in the war. Fortunately the officer escapes from a drowning vessel and meets with his wife.
1125 ::: Zvezde su oci ratnika (1972) ::: war ::: When a warrior dies, a star is born, and the US's organization dies when it is born to a group of stars. Young children are attracted to ancient legends and stories of old people, people replace their signature ready to shoot their signature and put yourself in front of the German pipe.
1126 ::: Sutjeska (1973) ::: war ::: The Suthjeaks known as "Five Five" is the worst, the worst in the most guilty of the Yogoslav Pear World War II World War the World. Sitjeakers, the death of all the mighty and tragedies of Sitjeakers is one way in the same time and one way to describe this movie. This film is made, for the 30-year anniversary of the battle is also the most expensive movie in Yugoslav news history. The Suthjeaks known as "Five Five" is the worst, the worst in the most guilty of the Yogoslav Pear World War II World War the World. Sitjeakers, the death of all the mighty and tragedies of Sitjeakers is one way in the same time and one way to describe this movie. This film is made, the 30th anniversary of the battle is also the most expensive movie in Yugoslav news history. Nel Maggio Del 1943 l'rata husband Setazionone Jogoslava Dugoslava Lontager Lontarge La Quarant Lot Lotta from dizza Tenza Tregua in the same Ruscia Adrco Nel Cercha Del Neloco.
1127 ::: Balami be soo-ye sahel (1986) ::: war ::: At the end of October 1981, when Korramshahr is exposed to the risk of collapse, the commander of the Revolutionary Guards Battalion to help the city of Tehran Mortza, and because of its way near the Iraqis, they should bring the port of Khorramshahir. Mahshahr from a helicopter, but his efforts for the helicopter failed and the Mortza battalion.
1128 ::: Black Friday: Dark Dawn II (2014) ::: war ::: Black Friday: In this sequel film of the Dark Don series, Watch How the Marine Corps changed the raw recruitments among the certified members of the world's most deadly fighting machine. Follow senior drill instructor SSGT Nichols and their elite team for a special rear scenes at the United States Marine Corps Boot Camp. Learn what it takes to achieve a situation in the most frightened and respected military force. Can you avoid imagination of the most difficult recruitment training?
1129 ::: Flight 208 (2007) ::: war ::: An experiment in style and thought, it travels in space and time, spread over more than two hundred people, cutting through cultures and countries, in about 5 minutes. A quick audiovisual experience that reflects on the pace of life and the death of reasoning around us. A dream, a thought, a cutting monologue (or a multi-logue) ... whatever it is, it takes a most unusual flight.
1130 ::: Balami be soo-ye sahel (1986) ::: war ::: At the end of October 1981, after Khoramhhhhhhhhbr Mahshah helps the heroes of Khoramr Mashhrop .
1131 ::: Cenata na gradot (1970) ::: war ::: Films are in a small town where the German war is getting ready to retreat at the end of the war. But a carload of Russian prisoners gets to feed them, then the prisoners get away from their guard and run away. The people of the city try to protect them from Germans but do not succeed.
1132 ::: When We Were Heroes (2005) ::: war ::: "When we were a hero" is a war movie produced (no budget) performed from the age of 12 to 20. Without professional assistance or expert actors. The idea was to make a movie dedicated to people who fought in the battle called the Operation Market Garden. Three young men in the 101st Sora Borne category, which were deeply dropped in the Netherlands occupied on September 17, 1944. Operation Market Garden Day's biggest military action. Soldiers have encountered a occupied village on their mission to the Heaven, facing the German and private victims. One of the victims was a young girl named Anna Latten. Joe, John Davidson and his best friends James H. Perry's memories of the two brothers were remembered by Joe and Anna after the war. "When we were a hero" is an impressive drama of the war. The film indicates what wars are sent to the war, and shows various ways that people find to overcome war experience.
1133 ::: Kony Order from Above (2017) ::: war ::: Two children (Ot eti) fits in the love of Uganda to prevent the army (Lra) beats it. Thus, he decided to transport rebellious rebels and commands Lra, Joseph Day. Despite the barefoot, his love for agati is so falling. To try to support it, ot'ti write reading letters - the attendent school at the school is climbing school - through the tablet. Both Lah's earnings obtain airs of communications and non-bodies of the brown boss (a Lra) decided to fight, removing each of him . The rebels attacks are contacted by the Nursi girls. When the literature and dumb, those who are living in the Ngbele is immediately displayed in the middle of Ottitude. Then he can view it as a wife, she becomes a little girl. However, to stay in the doing of the pregnancy makes it at the Otti's Otti and the most of the most trusted soldier. The ISA will be installed in the latest anguous wife - to draw a man and disobey the rebel and his love for him.
1134 ::: "Da Jue Ze" (2012) ::: war ::: In the summer of 1937, the Japanese began a fully attacked war. The Boston University professor Woo Mintai, a patriot, has settled on his own assistant, Shu Lijuan, on his return trip to China, regardless of the yellow orchid enthusiast. After returning to Beijing, Wu Mintai intervened as Beijing at Beijing University and crushed the Great East Asian Cultural Strategy to crush Japanese militarism. Chansha has finally arrived at Kunming, the protection of many students.
1135 ::: The Rose of No Man's Land (????) ::: war ::: Rose of Norman land is a drama of World War I, not related to war. It's about the remaining people. How do the women left to keep running the country and how they do so? More importantly, the woman is recognized as whom she is and not permits her to define themselves depending on where she came from. Traditionally, the story of the war tells the dramatic effects given to men fighting war, but women are also fighting fraud. The battle and the fear of the battlefield have been drawn frequently, but Rose has a unique story to be a fresh perspective. From nurses Edis Cabel to women without love. The roses of Mage, Florence, Dorothy, and Norman are surprisingly strong women who are not oppressed without fighting.
1136 ::: Not Another Mistake (1988) ::: war ::: Striper (Richard Norton) A vet in Vietnam with a chip on his shoulder because his wife and daughter were killed in a house invasion. He is then recruited to go back to Vietnam to save some POW/MIAs, including one commander, Harrison. By thinking that he has nothing to lose, he accepts the mission.
1137 ::: Lady from Chungking (1942) ::: war ::: In China in China, Madame Alin Mei is the leader of the capitalization based on the countryside. When two Americans were shot in town, it was planning to deliver them and had them help them. Then, when Gima ka'ma Jail'imor approaches the village, he recognized that a great job near. He decided to make a focus, to overcome his whole body and learn its plan.
1138 ::: First Flight (2008) ::: war ::: The pioneering days of Siam (Thailand). Lieutenant-Colonel Luang Kaj Yuthakarn was one of the first Thai soldiers who were sent to France to become a pilot. On his return, Siam was the first Asian country to open an aeronautical service where the Thai pilots with a commission were able to become a pilot to fight during the First World War.
1139 ::: War Is Hell (1961) ::: war ::: During the Korean war, a glory hunting sergeant leads his squad on a mission against the enemy, without telling them that the fire has declared a stop, so he can win medals. The problems arise when some squad members begin to suspect that something is suspicious.
1140 ::: Five Days of Fire (2007) ::: war ::: During the Second World War, five days of fire is an exciting story of a US train that crosses the enemy area to secure a German weapon designer. Captain Casdorph has to lead a group of men who are increasingly split. While the enemy tries to hinder its progress from outside, the train is demolished from the inside. One of the soldiers, Jimmy Pratt, has to overcome his fear of death in order to complete the mission.
1141 ::: Sutjeska (1973) ::: war ::: The Suthjeaks known as "Five Five" is the worst, the worst in the most guilty of the Yogoslav Pear World War II World War the World. Sitjeakers, the death of all the mighty and tragedies of Sitjeakers is one way in the same time and one way to describe this movie. This film is made, for the 30-year anniversary of the battle is also the most expensive movie in Yugoslav news history. The Suthjeaks known as "Five Five" is the worst, the worst in the most guilty of the Yogoslav Pear World War II World War the World. Sitjeakers, the death of all the mighty and tragedies of Sitjeakers is one way in the same time and one way to describe this movie. This film is made, the 30th anniversary of the battle is also the most expensive movie in Yugoslav news history. Nel Maggio Del 1943 l'rata husband Setazionone Jogoslava Dugoslava Lontager Lontarge La Quarant Lot Lotta from dizza Tenza Tregua in the same Ruscia Adrco Nel Cercha Del Neloco.
1142 ::: Snaiper 2. Tungus (2012) ::: war ::: The War 2 - Place Eastern progress: The new banha, without the Soviet soniet is nearing ahead. To make them a commander carry the tagged tunus of famous tunus of the skill and their control to dive them. Soon, Duel without compassion and the german killer grows. The key facts indicate that Soviet SoviT Sniper Syyon Cyyon Clookonov has 367 executed His praise.
1143 ::: Desant na Drvar (1963) ::: war ::: The raid on DRVAR is known as the 'seventh enemy aggressive' or the ultimate attempt by German and Hitler as 'Operation Ecvertare Jump' to come to the highest headquarters of the partisan Army and destroy it with its supreme commander Titus Give, which will destroy the entire partisan army. This was an ambitious attempt by the German Army by the end of May 1944, lowering the parachute landing by partisan forces. After several fruitless efforts to crush Yugoslav biases from traditional means, German General Lothar von Randulitz comes with a new scheme. The Elite Partrop will give a storm to the participation headquarters in the force driver and will try to catch or eliminate the partisan leader Tito. At this time, people of miles, miles from the enemy lines are preparing to celebrate Tito's birthday on 25 May 1944. The raga on drivers are another film called the biased action-epic style after the film's battle after the film. The raid on DRVAR is known as the 'seventh enemy aggressive' or the ultimate attempt by German and Hitler as 'Operation Ecvertare Jump' to come to the highest headquarters of the partisan Army and destroy it with its supreme commander Titus Give, which will destroy the entire partisan army. This was an ambitious attempt by the German Army by the end of May 1944, lowering the parachute landing by partisan forces. After several fruitless efforts to crush Yugoslav biases from traditional means, German General Lothar von Randulitz comes with a new scheme. The Elite Partrop will give a storm to the participation headquarters in the force driver and will try to catch or eliminate the partisan leader Tito. Meanwhile, miles from the enemy's lines, the people of the dawar, are preparing to celebrate Tito's birthday on 25 May 1944. The raga on drivers are the second film called the participation of the participation of the Partison Action E.i.k.
1144 ::: Siroko je lisce (1981) ::: war ::: The action took place in 1943 and today, and a partisan school in Srem is at the center of the action. A young journalist is appointed to shoot a film report on the participants in the Liberation War of this field. In the village of Srem, she meets simple and simple people. She discovers that a free territory and a partisan school were there. She also discovers that everyone has acted as one. Deply crossing all these events, the young journalist becomes mature, identifying with the participants in the Revolution.
1145 ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock (2012) ::: war ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock is a 2012 video game, released for PS3, Xbox 360 and PC by Developer 505 Games and published by Paramount Digital Entertainment. It was issued on March 13, 2012 in the United States and on April 5, 2012 in Europe. It features Maverick, Iceman, Merlin and Jester as supporting characters, 14 missions and planes. He also includes new heroes a young pilot named Spider, who is similar to Maverick, his winged Duin and Fury, who is similar to Iceman and Charlie as a rival and love interest in Spider.
1146 ::: Black Friday: Dark Dawn II (2014) ::: war ::: In this ongoing film until Black Friday: Dark Dawn Series, see how the maritime corpus turns raw recruits into the certified members of the deadly car in the world. Follow the old SSGT Nichols training instructor and his Elite team for an exclusive look after scenes at the United States Maritime Corps boot camp. Learn what it takes to gain a position in the most scared and respected military force ever seen. Can you survive in the harshest recruitment training imaginable?
1147 ::: "Underground" (2009) ::: war ::: Adapted from the novel of the same name by the famous writer Shi Zhongshan and is an Acura foundation in the party in the hidden front to make a special contribution to the heroes of the masterpiece. On the eve of the liberation, our "underground" worker Liu Kehao successfully reached the KMT Secrecy Bureau Shenyang station. City Defense Map "Working task for our peaceful military liberation from Shenyang has made outstanding contributions. After the liberation, Liu Kehao and other" underground "workers in the" floor "in the work of the public security office in order to include the latent spies.
1148 ::: "The Bagley Boys" (????) ::: war ::: After the war broke out in August Gust 1914, the lives of 10 men of Bagale-on-the Old Lord have changed forever in Rural England. These men respond to the Call of their country and will join the original "Allies" Battalion of Lord Kitchen. Their initial joy on "to be their beat" for the king and the country will soon evaporate as they will see the horrors of the trench war. "The Buggle Boys" follows the lives of 10 men and their families during the 1914 to 1918 because they face the difficulties of the next life, the pain of being separated from their loved ones and the junowledge that not all of them come back home.
1149 ::: Hamase-ye darre-ye Shiler (1987) ::: war ::: Summary of the action: Rahim is excluded from the Revolutionary Guards (IRGC). He steals a minibus, goes to Kordestan and is intercepted by a branch of the Kurdish Democratic Party of Iran under the direction of Hessam Khan. The party brings weapons and ammunition from Iraq. The IRGC learns about it and sends someone with the accepted name Nasser to obtain further information. The Kurds identify wet and kill him. Hessam Khan is also killed by a villager. Rahim's true identity becomes known when he goes to Iraq to get ammunition. In order to prove his innocence, he goes to the IRGC headquarters and volunteers for suicide mission. Consideration begin with the Kurdish Democrats and the IRGC forces.
1150 ::: "Povratak otpisanih" (1976) ::: war ::: In the summer of 1944, PRLE and Tihi are sent, where veteran warrior resistance fighters are sent, along with JOCA, an old radio disease and mood, to Belgrade, and the capital of Yugoslav, which is still under Nazi occupation. As the victorious party forces approach, PRLE, Tihi and Joca must continue their work underground in order to prepare the city for liberation.
1151 ::: Wien im Krieg (1916) ::: war ::: The inhabitants of Vienna align in the streets to greet the soldiers who go to war. The butcher and widower Franz Xaver Wamperl manages to register in the army, and also his son Ferdl, who becomes a squad leader. Ferdl is a womanizer, who at the same time has three promised in Vienna: Franzi, Resl and Poldi. The three girls remain faithful to him, when he is far in the front, and they all send him passionate love letters. On May both Ferdl and his father Franz are back in Vienna with a brief permission. They are sitting in an outdoor coffee with another soldier, when suddenly Poldi and Franzi appear at the same time. When the two women discover that Ferdl has a romance with both of them, they begin to cry and fight. Ferdl tries to escape, but lands in a fight between Franzi and Resl. Father Franz intervenes like a savior, grabs Resl and goes with his arm. Meanwhile, Ferdl escapes from the tumult. Salta to a tram, where he finds Poldi, whom he hugs and kisses. At the same time, the Franzi desert finds a new fiance in the third soldier in El Café.
1152 ::: London Blitz (1983) ::: war ::: During the battle of Britain, the German Luftwaffe fell thousands of tons of bombs in the city of London. As a member of the British royal engineers your task is to find the bombs that have not yet caught and disarm them in time to protect the citizens of London.
1153 ::: "Povratak otpisanih" (1976) ::: war ::: In the summer of 1944, Prle and Tihi, the young resistance fighters, along with JOCA, Old and Moody Radio-Operator, are still being submitted by the Nazis to Belgrade, the capital of Yugoslavia. As the victorious party's forces approach, PRLE, TIHI and JOCA must continue their underground work to prepare the city for freedom.
1154 ::: Awaiting Time (2005) ::: war ::: Marie has to be strong and take care of Joel, while trying to deal with the reality that her husband is at war. Uniting with her friend Fran and her neighbor Pearl, Marie begins to understand that the only way to go through a deployment is only to live ... day by day ... and wait.
1155 ::: Hajka (1977) ::: war ::: After issuing Chetnix and destruction to sign an agreement between partisan and Chetnix, an angry bias of the anger of betrayal, the fraud is breaking. A group of broken prejudices unknowingly attracts to the attention of Chetnix, and instead, the attack on the headquarters of the Supreme people's liberation struggle, the attack on the headquarters of the Supreme people, entered the bloody campaign against the injured, hungry and poor armed parts. By excavation. In that hell, everyone is a hunted beast, and tortured beast. In the chaos of destruction, in the wilderness, in the middle of the destruction of death, the son gives birth to the injured bias, which is a symbol of life success.
1156 ::: Opasni put (1963) ::: war ::: On the last day of World War II, two former Yugoslavia children were able to escape from the Nazi camp. They start a long and dangerous journey at home.
1157 ::: Brothers in Arms (2003) ::: war ::: A film about the unusual friendship that has been divided by six men for about 35 years from Vietnam. This documentary explores their navy service in the Mekong delta, the effect the war had on them, as their experience in Vietnam became the basis of friendship, and what is that which constitutes "the non-deteriorating bond. The group decides to visit Vietnam's Veterans Wall Memorial in Washington, D.C.
1158 ::: Five Days of Fire (2007) ::: war ::: Located in the Second World War, Five Days of Fire is a history suspense of an American peloton that crosses the enemy territory to secure a German weapons designer. Captain Casdorph must lead a group of men who is becoming more and more divided. As the enemy tries to hinder his progress from outside, the peloton is tearing from the inside. One of the soldiers, Jimmy Pratt, has to overcome his fear of death to complete the mission.
1159 ::: A Soldier's Gift (????) ::: war ::: A world at war; Six men find it difficult to survive; A gift that brought them hope and encouragement. Inspired by historical events, the gift of a soldier is an adventure that reaches cultural and racial barriers and teaches us that sometimes God will use something simple to remind us of his great love.
1160 ::: The Rose of No Man's Land (????) ::: war ::: The Rose of No Man's Land is a drama of the First World War that does not concern war. These are people left behind. Women who were left to keep the country on the move and how they intensified to do so. More importantly, these are women who do not allow themselves to be defined by whom they are perceived and where they come from. Traditionally, war stories tell the dramatic effect it has on men who fight against war, but women also fight injustice. The men who are fighting and the horrors of the battlefield have been represented often and well, but Rose has a new perspective and a unique story to tell. From nurse Edith Cavell to women without love; Maisie, Florence and Dorothy, the Rose of No Man's Land is roughly strong and strong women who would not be oppressed without fighting.
1161 ::: Opasni put (1963) ::: war ::: In the last days of World War II, two former Yugoslavia children managed to escape from the Nazi detention camp. They start a long and dangerous trip to the house.
1162 ::: "Obratnoy dorogi net" (1971) ::: war ::: The Major of the Red Army Toporkov, after having escaped the prisoner camp, puts himself in the partisan unit with the request of the prisoners: the uprising is being prepared in the camp, weapons are necessary. The commander sends a convoy with weapons, but there can be a traitor in the unit.
1163 ::: "Top Secret Level 18" (2011) ::: war ::: Top Secret Level 18 is a narrative film that explores 18 real stories that occurred in Ukraine during World War II. They passed under the "Top Secret" seal in the documents of the Soviet Secret Service. The film discovers 18 terrible incidents that are documented revealing evidence and testimonies of eyewitnesses. These are events that help to understand the scope of existing lies over World War II. The International Hearing is aware of the crimes committed by Nazi Germany, but has less understanding about the crimes committed by Stalin and their generals against their own people. The truth was buried for a long time when Stalin's USSR declares victory in the war.
1164 ::: "Yong Bu Mo Mie De Fan Hao" (2011) ::: war ::: Lee Chishui is a militant captain. In an unexpected delay, he goes to the front line and becomes captain in his state. For a good captain, Lee Chishwi tries everything from reinforcing training to new members. Thanks to his efforts, his battalion is gradually developing. When the Japanese army sweeps the North China region, the Lee Chishoui Battalion delays an elite soldier delayed more than 30,000 Japanese soldiers at any cost so that the Army's headquarters has the eighth transfer time. Before accepting this basic task, Lee Chishui asks: He wants a formal appointment for his battalion. After submitting the request, Lee Chishwi directs his battalion to the front and devote their lives to this. The battalion sticks to the battlefield for a few days until they all have nothing to fight and die in the battle. A month later, the CPC box, which deals with the Chishui Battalion, returns to the battlefield. In the face of the tombs of all soldiers, he promises to Lee Chishwi and deals with the Lee Chishwi battalion. "They are defending the dignity of the Eighth Army with their lives. Today, I give them a name that will last forever! For China, we fight with every enemy until every drop To drain your blood. ”
1165 ::: "Yong Bu Mo Mie De Fan Hao" (2011) ::: war ::: Li Chishui is a master of militia. In an unexpected delay action, he goes to the front line and becomes the master of the battalion in his county. In order to be a good master, Chishui prove everything from enhancing training for recruiting new members. Thanks to his efforts, his battalion gradually develops. When the Japanese army sweeps the northern China area, Li Chishui's battalion is assigned to delay an elite troop of more than 30,000 Japanese soldiers at all costs in order to The army have time to transfer. Before accepting this essential task, which Chishui makes a request: he must appoint an official nomination for his battalion. After making this request, which Chishui conducts his battalion at the forefront, he devotes their lives to this work. The battalion sticks to the battle camp for several days as long as they all have nothing to fight and die in battle. A month later, the CPC square assigning this task to Li Chishui's battalion returns to this battlefield. In front of all the graves of the soldiers, he fulfills his promise to Li Chishui and gives the Battalion of Li Chishui as an indication. He says, "They defend the dignity of the eighth Army route with their lives. Today, I give them this nomination which will last forever! For China, we fight every enemy until they have drained every drop of our blood. Movie
1166 ::: Hurricane: Squadron 303 (2019) ::: war ::: Hurricane (Squadron 303) is the story of a group of courageous Poles who fought in heaven over England in World War II, not only to keep the Great Britain free from the Nazis, but also to keep their country the idea of ​​their own country alive , which had existed in its modern form for barely twenty years before it was oppressed between the opposing jaws of Germany and Russia. Equipped with the almost forgotten hurricane and (with some initial reluctance) given the blue RAF uniforms while they fought, Poland lived. 1940. The UK stands only in Europe against the growing stain of the rampant Nazi Empire, its nervous inhabitants asking what the future holds. But a handful of people on this surrounded island know very well what a possible future can hold. They have seen the burning of Warsaw, Poland to be destroyed, the chapter of France. Men like Jan Zumbach, Witold Urbanowicz, Miroslaw Feric and Tolo Lokuciefski, Polish Air Force pilots, who know that if Luftwaffe has not stopped, then Poland and France were just Hitler's horse. So they are willing to fight if the planes are given. The problem is that the British do not trust 'bloody poles'. And so, pilots, foreigners in what really seems to be a very strange land, during a few months they will have to fight some wars immediately - with the xenophobia of authorities and the public, with the language, unknown Hurricane fighters, with battle - hardened Luftwaffe. But after being done with operational desire by RAF, Polish fighters show what they can do, removing the enemy - marking their allies. The once hostile British British, Polish Flyers as heroes - saviors, even. Now, however, the Poles have a fresh enemy - themselves, as the nerves and fatigue receive a terrible number of men pushed to the constant air war, struggling to save their country over foreign land. Not everyone will do it. Not all friendships will survive. And when it's over, Jan Zumbach will think of a Pyrrhic victory, as Poland has surrendered to Stalin's dolls.
1167 ::: Lady from Chungking (1942) ::: war ::: In China in China, Madame Alin Mei is the leader of the capitalization based on the countryside. When two Americans were shot in town, it was planning to deliver them and had them help them. Then, when Gima ka'ma Jail'imor approaches the village, he recognized that a great job near. He decided to make a focus, to overcome his whole body and learn its plan.
1168 ::: Flight 208 (2007) ::: war ::: A experiment in style and thought travels into space and time, covers more than two hundred people, and cuts about 5 minutes of cultures and nations. A fast audio and video experience that is reflected in the rapid life and death of reasoning around us. A dream, a thought, a cutting monologue (or a few kicks) ... whatever it is, it takes an unusual flight.
1169 ::: The Exploits of the Emden (1928) ::: war ::: A German officer requests that his wife join him in the German battleship SMS Emden, then patrol the seas in China. As the First World War explodes, the EMDEN is summoned to the service and the sailor cannot meet his wife. The SMS Emden then helps a passenger ship that sinks and the officer discovers that his wife was aboard the failed lining. She is among those rescued and the sailor relieves. After the ship briefly the ports and the sailor say goodbye to his wife, the cruise meets the HMAS Sydney in the battle and is sunk. Fortunately, the officer escapes from the sinking ship and meets his wife.
1170 ::: A Soldier's Gift (????) ::: war ::: A scientist in war. Six men are struggling to stay; One gift brought them hope and encouragement. Inspired by historical events, the gift of the soldier is an adventure that reaches through cultural and ethnic barriers and learned that God sometimes will use something simple to remind us of his great love.
1171 ::: "Top Secret Level 18" (2011) ::: war ::: Top Secret Level 18 is a story of a story that explodes 18 true stories in Ukraine during World War II. They passed under the Soviet secret service document stamp "Top Secret". The film reveals 18 terrible incidents by clarifying evidence and witnesses. These are events that help understand the scope of existing lies about World War II. International audience recognizes crimes committed by Nazi Germany, but there is little understanding of the crimes that Stalin and his generals committed his own people. The truth has been buried for a long time, as Stalin's Soviet Union declared the victory in the war.
1172 ::: Awaiting Time (2005) ::: war ::: Marie is left to take care of Joel's powerful care while trying to deal with the reality that her husband is in the war. With her friend Fran and her neighbor pearl, Marie begins to understand that the only way to do it through development ... and every day ... and wait every day. Masu.
1173 ::: Awaiting Time (2005) ::: war ::: The merry takes care of the strongest and care of the bullets, while trying to deal with the fact that her husband is in the war. Being joining his friend's doctor and her neighbor mare, the merry about it is the only way to replace it only by day ... and wait.
1174 ::: Sgt. Dondi (1980) ::: war ::: Join the army, see the world. Join the army, see the clay. An elder. Dondy and his men are mission. A tasks that don't do well. Try Donddy Market through South Asia's Jungle, Manages Opic characters like Hollywood, psycho, DOGO and Scout. Can they achieve their goals? Would they be successful? Checking the package in order.
1175 ::: No Better Place to Die (2019) ::: war ::: During the first three days of Normandy's invasion, the 82nd Portable Division struggled to capture decisive transit points on the Mirder River. With the passage of hours and days, the water turned into the blood in a battle without retreat.
1176 ::: "Top Secret Level 18" (2011) ::: war ::: The star-levels of stripes is 18 18% real stories apparen the spat of spark that occasionally in Ukraine during World War II. They passed under Soviet Survival Services documents "Seven" Top "Top". Movie paralytic events expose eight polio events that documented by the witnesses of evidence and witnesses. These are the events that helps aware of existing false about the World War. International visitors have been aware of the crime by Nazi Germany, but also less knowledge of the person done by the steelin and his generals. The truth was buried for a long time because the stallin ASSR is declare to success in the war.
1177 ::: Pacific Islands (1992) ::: war ::: Ian Wright visits the Pacific Islands of Fiji, Vanuatu and the Solomon Islands. He begins his journey to Fiji, where he is welcomed by a local companion with a kava drinking ceremony. Soft narcotics are often offered to guests as a sign of friendship, and is also used to seal alliances, to start mainly conferences and commemorate births, deaths and marriages. It also goes to the Astrolabe Reef, which lies unbroken for 30 km along the eastern side of the small island north of Kadavu. On the Fijian island of Manna, Ian feeds sharks with a local man named API. API comes from a family who believes there is a tendency with sharks, and has trained sharks to feed him for the past two years. From Mana, Ian flies to vanuatu a group of Christian islands new Hebbrides by Captain Cook in 1774. On the island of Ambryn he meets the chief of a tribe that once practiced cannibalism and proves traditional Roma dance, where dancers claim to be a Spirit that lives inside their costumes. He also visits the hot spring on the island of Sesiv and the Tanna island, where he climbs the massive Yasur volcano. It is the most accessible and active volcano in the world. Ian continues his journey to the Solomon Islands. During World War II, the islands were used as a battlefield between Americans and Japanese, and thousands of abandoned ships and tanks now chew the country and seas. Ian goes to Gizo, where they dive in Tao Maron, most untouched of all the ruins, which still have bottles, typewriter and other daily items that were on board when the ship descended. On Busu Island, Ian looks at the shell money being made. This traditional currency is still used for bridesmaid prices and dispute resolution.
1178 ::: The Rose of No Man's Land (????) ::: war ::: NO man's rose is a World War I drama that is not about war. This is left in the case of people. The women left to keep the country and how they walked to do it. Most importantly, this is about women who do not allow themselves to understand who they are and where they come from. The stories of war traditionally tell of a significant impact on men who are fighting in the war, but women are also fighting injustice. The men who fight and the horror of the battlefield is often illustrated, but Rose has a new view and a unique story to tell. From Edit Cowell's nurse to loveless women; Missey, Florence and Dorothy, the NO man's rose is a remarkable and powerful women who are not oppressed without a fight.
1179 ::: Oseka (1969) ::: war ::: 1941, Serbia, Yugoslavia. A remote village in Serbia in 1941. Due to the fate of rural residents and the fate of a partisan detachment, the horror and absurdity of war in Serbia during the Second World War reflected. On the one hand, ordinary people and partisans on the other side of the Germans and the Chetniks. Various atrocities and betrayal are born in this hell and hopelessness. The epilogue for the epic film takes place in the liberated city of Valjevo in 1944. Huge urge for revenge will lead to a brutal confrontation between two men - two ideological opponents. And they were once friends, neighbors, godparents. The film is set during the 'first offensive' 'in 1941 before the Val' 'Uzice Republic' 'and ends with a large entry of partisans liberated in Valjevo in 1944. The spectacular final of the film will not leave anyone indifferent. 1941, Serbia, Yugoslavia. A remote village in Serbia in 1941. Due to the fate of rural residents and the fate of a partisan detachment, the horror and absurdity of war in Serbia during the Second World War reflected. On the one hand, ordinary people and partisans on the other side of the Germans and the Chetniks. Various atrocities and betrayal are born in this hell and hopelessness. The epilogue for the epic film takes place in the liberated city of Valjevo in 1944. Huge urge for revenge will lead to a brutal confrontation between two men - two ideological opponents. And they were once friends, neighbors, godparents.
1180 ::: Jeungeon (1974) ::: war ::: Leenbint ye have a plan for the weekend, but most military planes from North Korea is full of Seoul. It was June 25, 1950; the beginning of Korea's war. In spite of the southern protection, North Korea makes them a tech army. We are from the assault, all the means from cruelty's confidence to give up the territory. The war of the battle says through your own experience.
1181 ::: Missing Jane (2004) ::: war ::: Located during the Second World War, the missing Jane is the story of Gordon Idaho, a Bombardier B-17 radio operator, which is pushed with a new crew when their radio operator is killed on the sky of Europe during The winter of 1943. The crew among the Jane Doe is a group difficult to integrate and their first mission together, the bomber was killed and crashed in the German countryside. The surviving members of the crew take refuge in an abandoned farm where they find it difficult to fight the elements, each other and the fear of being captured by the Nazis. Idaho soon discovers that the house contains a dark mystery - one that it is determined to solve. Will Idaho reveal the secrets of the past? Will the crew survive behind enemy lines?
1182 ::: Not Another Mistake (1988) ::: war ::: Straka (Richard Norton) is a Vietnamese veterinarian with a chip on his shoulders because his wife and daughter were killed by the invasion of the house. Later, he is hired, returns to Vietnam, and is rescued by Pow/MIA, including Harrison, one commander. He accepts his mission, thinking that there is nothing to lose.
1183 ::: O dromos ton iroon (1971) ::: war ::: In 1940, shortly before the burst of World War II, the Greek Embassy in Rome informed the Navy general personnel, who had identified an Italian spy to act in its surroundings, but in the meantime the spy was dead. After Elli's scoring, the clergy falls to Lieutenant Commander Vassilis Vachliotis, promised of the daughter of the Liosis of the Rear Admiral, who agrees to be deprived of serving to serve his homeland in this way, helping to discover and capture the Spies that plan to steal the secret plans of the Greek fleet.
1184 ::: Russkaya zhertva (2009) ::: war ::: It is the story of the battle for the height of 776 on February 29 - 1 March 2000. A Paratroopers Company in the 76 -mobile PSKOV was attacked by superior forces from Chechnya and foreign mercenaries, in an attempt to avoid envelope.
1185 ::: "The Bagley Boys" (????) ::: war ::: After the outbreak of the war in August 1914, the life of 10 men from Bagley-on-the-Wold in rural England changed forever. These men answer their country's reputation and join one of the original "Pals" battalions from Lord Kitchener. Her initial enthusiasm to make "your piece" for king and land soon evaporates when you experience the horrors of the trench war. "The Bagley Boys" follows the life of these 10 men and their families from 1914 to 1918, while they deal with the difficulties of life on the front, the pain of separation from their loved ones and the knowledge that not all of them are home will return.
1186 ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock (2012) ::: war ::: Top Gun: Hard L Lock A PS3, Xbox 360 and Developer 505 Games published by PC for the 2012 video game and published by Paramount Digital Entertainment. It was released on March 13, 2012 in the United States and Europe on April 5, 2012. It has auxiliary characters, 14 missions and planes as Meverk, Iceman, Merlin and Jester. It also includes a young pilot named Spider, similar to the new characters, similar to Maviric, his wingman Dadeye and Fury, both as a rival and love juice for the spider, both like Iceman and Charlie.
1187 ::: Margery Booth: The Spy in the Eagle's Nest (????) ::: war ::: Marry performed the Tiger Tank with Hitler on his birthday. As a singer she was able to remember some critical technical data as a song, which was sent back to the blechli park for decoding by her controller Hardy Amis and for the pleasure of Churchill, then ordered to catch one. When she hid British Airmen, she escaped narrow and eventually SS assault Van Mueller was caught by Gesto on the personal orders of the goring after the constant shadow, and eventually tortured her.
1188 ::: Hamase-ye darre-ye Shiler (1987) ::: war ::: Summary of the plot: Rahim is expelled from Revolutionary Guards (IRGC). He steals a minibus, goes to Cordestan and is intercepted and held by force by a branch of the Iran Democratic Party led by Hessam Khan. The party is bringing weapons and ammunition from Iraq. The IRGC learns about this and sends someone with the name assumed Nasser to get more information. The Kurds identify a nasser and kill him. Hessam Khan is also killed by a village. Rahim's true identity becomes known when Iraq goes to gain ammunition. To prove his innocence he goes to the IRGC headquarters and volunteers for a suicide mission. Fights start with Kurdish Democrats and IRGC forces win.
1189 ::: "Feng lei dong" (2013) ::: war ::: History focuses on Lengs, a large trading family in the 1920s and 1930s in Harbin. At that time, brutal Japanese soldiers distribute the virus to the harbid. With extremely cruel tools, they treat Chinese people like "their field of proof". Languages ​​lead people to fight against Japanese soldiers. With the discovery of the mystery of the origin of the lengs, the liquids suffer the decay. However, all three boys make a big difference in protecting their family and rescuing the country. At the same time, they are also confused with intricate emotional confusion.
1190 ::: Maria's Song (????) ::: war ::: Maria's song recounts the story of a beautiful, eleven-year-old girl and her thirteen-year-old protector, her hero, her brother George, while traveling from a city of War, to try to save their lives and overcome the odds, in a ferocious world as you imagine.
1191 ::: Dom Zauvijek (2012) ::: war ::: During the Homeland War (1991-1995), Croatia was destroyed by expectations from 20-25% of its economy. Ten thousand were killed and many more were homeless. Through the voices of the common people, home -comming tells a story about raising a small, invisible Balkan country from the ashes of terrorism with the gray of terrorism; A country that still has physical and mental spots of conflict in the independence war. It reflects a piece of history, although it has never been changed, a generation molded and influenced in a positive way.
1192 ::: Hong se niang zi jun (1961) ::: war ::: In the 1930s, Wu Kinguua was the hostess of Nan-Ba-Tian, ​​a cruel commander of the village of Hainan, China. Often abused by his master, Qionghua was finally rescued by Hong Changking, the leader of the Red Women's Squad, a soldier of soldiers. She joined the army and became the leader of the squad after Hong's death. They captured and executed the commander and released the native village of Qionghua.
1193 ::: Yuan dong jian die zhan (1992) ::: war ::: In 1937 there are general Soviet defects to the Japanese in Manchukuo and calls for information that the Japanese brings his family from Russia. This is done and the General is later assigned to conduct a raid in Russia by White Russian Commandos.
1194 ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock (2012) ::: war ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock is a video game from 2012 published by developer 505 Games for PS3, Xbox 360 and PC and published by Paramount Digital Entertainment. It was released in the USA on March 13, 2012 and on April 5, 2012 in Europe. It offers Maverick, Iceman, Merlin and Jester as supportive characters, 14 missions and planes. It also includes new characters, a young pilot called Spider, the Maverick, his wing man Deadeye and Fury, who resembles both Iceman and Charlie as a rival and love interest for Spider.
1195 ::: "Da Jue Ze" (2012) ::: war ::: In the summer of 1937, the Japanese, the Japanese invented the war, spoken on three areas, was in danger. Professor of the University of Mingtatai palliets, despite the Calltics to love those who love, and his legendary movement moves in China. When he returns to pending, build my carge colleent pelitereiti, moving down and moved to the university to change the University who changed the Kunna, the protection of many students.
1196 ::: "The Bagley Boys" (????) ::: war ::: After the war broke out in August Gust 1914, the lives of 10 men of Bagale-on-the Old Lord have changed forever in Rural England. These men respond to the Call of their country and will join the original "Allies" Battalion of Lord Kitchen. Their initial joy on "to be their beat" for the king and the country will soon evaporate as they will see the horrors of the trench war. "The Buggle Boys" follows the lives of 10 men and their families during the 1914 to 1918 because they face the difficulties of the next life, the pain of being separated from their loved ones and the junowledge that not all of them come back home.
1197 ::: Fallen Hero (2009) ::: war ::: Colonel Kevin Shi told his wife that he wanted to come home alive before leaving for Iraq. After the tour ended, he volunteered to stay until he was replaced to ensure the security of his men. His decision to stay a large part of the reason was that all of his men turned it into the house, but this also cost him to live. Fallen Hero reminds Colonel Kevin Xia and deals with how the people of the community go back to the heroes who have given a lot of freedom to defend our freedoms.
1198 ::: War Is Hell (1961) ::: war ::: During the Korean war, one glory leads to a mission against the enemy - he did not declare them fire, so he wins the medal. When you have problems, platoon members appear when you start suspicion of something.
1199 ::: "Feng lei dong" (2013) ::: war ::: The story focuses on Lengs, a wonderful commercial family in the twenties and thirties of the twentieth century in Harbin. At that time, the Japanese wild soldiers spread the virus in Harbin. Through extremely harsh means, they treat the Chinese people as the "field of testing". Lengs lead people to fight Japanese soldiers. With a secret of LENGS, LENGS suffers from decomposition. However, the three children spoke a big difference in defending their families and saving the country. At the same time, they are also tangled with complex emotional confusion.
1200 ::: Operation Blackbird (????) ::: war ::: During the Second World War, an agency called Waves trained women in special ops. A group of them is used in a mission known as an operation Blackbird. After the war they are hunted by former colleagues and enemies. You should have left her alone.
1201 ::: A Soldier's Gift (????) ::: war ::: A world in war; Six men fighting to survive; A gift that brought you hope and breath. Inspired by historical events, a soldier gift is an adventure that arrives through cultural and racial barriers and teaches us that sometimes God will use something simple to remind us of his great love.
1202 ::: Snaiper 2. Tungus (2012) ::: war ::: World War II - Eastern Front: A new group of raw and inexperienced Soviet female snipers enter the front. To strengthen them, a commander chooses a tongos physician who is known for their hunting and marker skills to guide them in the battle. Soon a brutal duel develops with a shooter from the German elite. The main character based on Semyon Nomokonov is the Soviet Soviet leading shooter who has killed 367.
1203 ::: Teukgongdaewa dolaoji anhneun haebyeong (1970) ::: war ::: As a prize for the hero, Jean Sergeant organizes a special force consisting of circus acrobatics. Before dispatching the Marine Corps, the acrobatt destroys the heavy armed North Korean army, and makes the beach safe to land the Marine Corps.
1204 ::: Kraljevski voz (1981) ::: war ::: It is 1941 and the German occupying forces are taking over Yugoslavia, making a train ride to Kraljevo a dangerous game for a secret Communist agent carrying important documents. Both the Germans and the police are looking for him on the train, and his safe arrival in Kraljevo seems like impossibility. His determination to bring cards to the right people keep him going, even through a gun battle after the train arrives-challenges him to find a way to complete his mission.
1205 ::: "Zhan Lei" (2013) ::: war ::: Gao Deng, a rebel recruitment, which cannot be suited to military life, is assigned to the fixing squad in the mountains, where he meets an experienced with special skills called Lynn Feng. Gao Deng and Lin Feng slowly become good friends. To ensure the safety of the lives and property of the people living in the frontier, the army organizes a mined action. Therefore, Gao Deng and Lin Feng go to the locals to clean the mines, which makes a great contribution to the elimination of mines in the area. After action, they join the mine action group for demarcation of the border, open the limit demarcation route with their peers, erase the mines around the new border tablets and ensure the safety of the personnel involved in the limiting of the limit Are, thus successfully completes important tasks, construction of border pills. Cleaning the mines, Lynn sacrifices their lives for children living on the border. After the death of Lynn Feng, Gao Deng inherited her will and becomes an excellent peace soldier through hard training and work, composing a brave song of contemporary Chinese soldier with his blood and sweat Is.
1206 ::: "The Bagley Boys" (????) ::: war ::: At the beginning of the war on August 1914, 10% of the life in rural England are changing forever. These men answer their country's phone and one from the owner's coordinator together with the original "plot" plot. Their primary influence "for the king and country" to the faculty of their engagement "to the faculty" of their busy "." Garden boys "from 1914 to 1918 and their families. Follows life, that all of them deal with their loved pain that all will come back home.
1207 ::: Vostochny koridor (1966) ::: war ::: Like the philosophical "Eastern Corridor" was created during the decline of "melting", when Soviet artists were measured and censored, they were still "freedom breath". Just as the film industry (as, in fact, and other products) in the 1960s is entirely owned by the government, the issue of commercial profits from renting film, although on the agenda, was not fully prevalent. There were so -called government orders on the important issues of state ideology, such as a revolutionary, military, historical, historical, biography, etc. It is logical that not only is the type of work of espionage detective not only permitted in the context of military themes, but also films that were not originally designed for mass audiences, but are remarkable for the annual "program". Therefore, there is no doubt that the "Eastern corridor", based on the usual party drum section of the Soviets during the occupation, was of interest to the Belarus-Film studio. Eventually, the film was not a way to see the boss, and not only to the party officials but also to the completely liberal critics. So it is only surprising that after spending two years on the shelf, the "Eastern Corridor" movie still remained in the so -called "limited version" in 1968 ... This film can be for each Western festival of the late 1960s (to As much as "cranes fly" and "Ivan's childhood"), but alas ... after the creative life of the "Eastern Corridor" Valentine's Winogdov is obviously not working. The outstanding directors' talents are not given to the opening and he had to go to "ordinary cinema" ...
1208 ::: The Exploits of the Emden (1928) ::: war ::: A German official requested his wife to join him on the German Betleship SMS Emden, followed by a patrol sea in China. With the first World War's outbreak, Emden is called to serve and the sailor is unable to meet his wife. The SMS then helps the sinking passenger ship and the officer realizes that his wife was riding on a bad liner. It is found in the middle of the saved and relieves the sailor. The ship briefly and sailors departs to his wife, then the cruiser meets the HMAS Sydney and drowns in the war. Fortunately the officer escapes from the sinking vessel and rejoins with his wife.
1209 ::: Not Another Mistake (1988) ::: war ::: Striper (Richard Norton) A vet in Vietnam with a chip on his shoulder because his wife and daughter were killed in a house invasion. He is then recruited to go back to Vietnam to save some POW/MIAs, including one commander, Harrison. By thinking that he has nothing to lose, he accepts the mission.
1210 ::: "Voennaya razvedka. Severnyy front" (2012) ::: war ::: "War Intelligence Service: Northern Front" is a prequel of the season 1. It tells us about the formation of the crew of scouts and illustrates his actions on the northern front before the start of the Finnish War and during it. They will spy on the actions of the Finnish Artillery on the border with the Soviet Union and will be unwilling witnesses of the first shot to home area. They will detect a camp where German instructors train agents for infiltration to the territory of the USSR. They will also blow up the entrance gate to prevent flooding of the positions of our troops on the Mannerheim line. And they will even become a murderer with "officer", the elusive Finnish sniper ...
1211 ::: Yuan dong jian die zhan (1992) ::: war ::: In 1937, a Soviet general mistake was the Japanese in Manchukuo and asks back to obtain information that the Japanese bring his family from Russia. This happens and the general will be assigned later to lead a raid of white Russian commands to Russia.
1212 ::: Uka i Bjeshkëve të nemura (1968) ::: war ::: UKA is an ancient Albanian who lives in the mountains on the border of Kosovo and Albania. As an honorable man, he has to deal with his son who was a friend with Italian fascists during WW2. The film shows events in Kosovo during the WW2, where the eldest wolf's son by Prochletije Dzahid is being misled and deceived the Italians who indicate his partisans killed the brothers. Moves to issue retaliation who eventually costs him his head.
1213 ::: The Waler: Australia's Great War Horse (2015) ::: war ::: In 1914-18, more than 130,000 Australian horses were served in the Great War. About 30 thousand people in the Middle East were engaged. He is famous for Wales, which is born in desert sands, their legend. They took their men in a long way to Damascus, but at the end of the war they did not come home. These are their colonial origin, their gallery service and their shame fate. The Great War horses will lead to Australia, from the older Indian ocean to the pyramils ​​of Egypt, Gallipol and the Middle East for an excelled desert sands. After threatening the Suez Canal after the Hallipoli crash and Ottoman Turks, the Australian light regiments, "Glay" and Palestine had to do three-year campaigns to remove Turks. Seizure from Jordan and Damascus. This epic desert war was necessary to keep the epic wars without horsemen or horses, veterinarians, veterinators, ferrouslists, lost, socks and fodder suppliers. Intensive bonds between men and horses, and the loss of horse precipitation is an experiment. For the first time, a famous party horses belong to the famous partnership: Michael Shhanahan and "Start" and Gay Haydon and "Middle of the night". In conclusion, this shows that our names did not come home.
1214 ::: The Volunteer (1944) ::: war ::: Like Othello, Ralph Richardson (QV) asked "(QV) (QV) asked" (QV) (QV) to ask for signature by his clothes. Later, Fred Fred was added to ARM ARM (fly-seafish fleet) and became a hero, he saved the pilot from his burning plane. When Fred Buckingham went to Palace, it is the turn of Ralph asking for a signature.
1215 ::: Tren (1978) ::: war ::: A young man on the banks of the Ibar River goes to the Revolutionary War. It turns out to be one of the key points that will later leave scars to his life. The military conflict is along with its intimate, internal conflicts. He needs to think as a person, despite the horrors around him. Such is the deeply built need for this person - the need for love, understanding and justice.
1216 ::: Operation Jericho (2018) ::: war ::: While serving in Marine Corps in the United States, two Muslim-American brothers are admitted by the CIA to infiltrate a terrorist cell in Afghanistan; To struggle in knowledge that destroys the entire village to kill a man would mean the loss of innocent life and true love.
1217 ::: Dom Zauvijek (2012) ::: war ::: During the home war (1991-1995), Croatia was destroyed with estimates between 20 and 25% of the destroyed economy. Tens of thousands were killed and many more were homeless. Through the voices of ordinary people, homecoming tells a story about the increase in a small, invisible Balkanland with huge natural and human beauty from the ash of terror. The country that still bears the physical and psychological scars of the conflict during the War of Independence. It reflects part of the story that, although it can never be changed, has shaped and influenced a generation.
1218 ::: Missing Jane (2004) ::: war ::: Jane, set during World War II, is Gordon Idaho, a Radio Operator of the B-17 bomber who has entered a new crew when a radio operator was killed in Europe in the winter of 1943. It is a story. Jane DOE is a group that is difficult to meet together with the first mission, and the bomber is downloaded and crash drops in the German countryside. The surviving members of the crew may evacuate to abandoned farmers, where they struggle to fight the elements, and they may be caught by each other and the Nazis. Immediately, Aidaho finds that his house contains the dark mystery one that he has decided to solve. Will Aidaho reveal the secrets of the past? Does the crew survive behind the enemy line?
1219 ::: Vostochny koridor (1966) ::: war ::: Pill Breakfiskel "East Delez" in the course of "Tui", when the Soviet artists was the arterists, but still "still" breath. " As in fact and other production is a total of state, although in the agenda, but not in full agenda. There were some government laws on the key government issues, such as revolutionary, military issues and the films that are not designed for mass visitors, but the annual "Plan" is not considered for "plan. Thus, there is no doubt that the Soviet people's championships at the dormitory of the "East Corridor" in the During the rough tournament of the routine's dormitory. Finally, the film was not waiting for the party, but also only with only party officials, but also with justice officials, hostile officials Welcome. So it's just a surprise that after spending two years in shelf is still in the film. This film is still in the film. This film is the 1960 West celebration Her Western Festival is "Flexion", "A Success". ") A victory" is not the best guide talent, and he was forced to "normal sinima" ...
1220 ::: Pacific Islands (1992) ::: war ::: Ian Wright visits the Pacific Islands of Fiji, Vanuatu and the Solomon Islands. He begins his trip in Fiji, where he is received by a local tribe with a Kava alcohol consumption ceremony. The soft narcotic is often offered to guests as a sign of friendship, and is also used to seal alliances, begin mainly conferences and commemorate births, deaths and marriages. He also divered in the astrolabe reef, which extends useless for 30 km along the east side of the small island north of Kadavu. On the island of Maná de Fiji, Ian feeds sharks with a local man named API. API comes from a family that believes has an affinity with sharks, and has been training sharks to feed it for the past two years. From Mana, Ian flies to Vanuatu, a group of islands baptized the new Hebrides by Captain Cook in 1774. On the island of Ambryn he gathers with the head of a tribe that used to practice cannibalism and witnesses of traditional Rom Dance, where The dancers pretend. be a spirit that lives inside your costumes. Visit the Hallentfrega on the island of Sesivi and Tanna Island, where Yasur volcano goes up. It is the most accessible and active volcano in the world. Ian continues his trip to the Solomon Islands. During World War II, the islands were used as a battlefield between Americans and Japanese, and thousands of ships and abandoned tanks now dirty the country and seas. Ian is going to Gizo, where he immerses himself to Tao Maron, the most intact of all the remains, which still has bottles, writing machines and other daily items that were on board when the ship went down. On Busu Island, Ian observes Shell's money. This traditional currency is still used for bride prices and to solve disputes.
1221 ::: Victory (1913) ::: war ::: NAVY Secretary orders the U.S.S. Utah to proceed to the Republic of Antillas to protect American interests during the imminent revolution. Upon their arrival in Caiman, the main port, Commander Benson orders the Lieutenant Ward to proceed in Valdiva, the capital, and reports to the US Embassy to keep him advice on the general situation. Upon his arrival the Lieutenant Ward meets with Minister Gordon and his daughter Helen, with whom he is in love, but finds rivals in the person of General De La Monte, the Minister of the Antillas War. He also meets a young inventor who has just ended up building a hydroplan. While attending a Government ball Helen listens to the Gen. De La Monte who conspired to kill President Martinez, and then explodes the American battle in an attempt to take over the government's reins. Helen tells the Lieutenant Ward of the conspiracy. Before having the opportunity to disrupt these Lieutenant Ward plans he is wrongly arrested for the murder of President Martinez. Minister Gordon finally gains freedom of Lieutenant Ward, but not in time to prevent the departure of conspirators. They are avoided from sending a warning from Wireless and Lieutenant Ward decides that their only hope lies in his flight of fifty miles in the hydroplan. The moving press camera placed in the hydroplan itself then shows an exciting air and ground race. The Lieutenant Ward, at a height of 1,500 feet, makes a heartbeat glide for battle and reaches there hardly in time to prevent its destruction from a port mine that casts a two hundred feet water tower in the air. Commander Benson immediately opens the fire on the fort and during this exciting fight. The Lieutenant Ward calls for permission to drop a bomb from the hydroplan. He does so with deadly results. No earlier this battle from Utah is attacked by the foreign fleet and a spectacular naval battle occurs showing Utah overcoming the fleet with the help of the bombing from the hydroplan. The final scenes of this naval battle show the masses of the foreign ships of steel spun at the current sea of ​​one of these ships. A wireless reaches com. Benson from the US Embassy who reported that a riot occurred in the City. Com. Benson orders the Lieutenant Ward for rescue with a marine company. They involve the revolutionists who beat them three to one. After a desperate commitment, the sea sea charges foreign batteries and turns the enemy. The Lieutenant Ward runs to Valdiva along with the Marini and Rescue winners Gordon and Helen. The last scene shows that Lieutenant Ward is successful in love as in war, as Helen wins, and then presented to Utah's officers and crew, who congratulate her for an echo.
1222 ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock (2012) ::: war ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock is a 2012 video game published for PS3, Xbox 360 and PC games by the developer 505 Games and published by Paramount Digital Entertainment. It was published on March 13, 2012 in the United States and April 5, 2012 in Europe. He presents Maverick, Iceman, Merlin and Jester as supporting characters, 14 missions and planes. This also involves new characters, a young driver named Spider who is similar to Maverick, his winger Deadeye and Fury who is similar to Iceman and Charlie as a rival and a romantic interest in Spider.
1223 ::: Tren (1978) ::: war ::: A young man from the banks of the Ibar River goes to the revolutionary war. It turns out to be one of the main moments that will later leave signs in his life. The conflict of war goes along with his intimate, internal conflicts. He feels the need to think as a human being despite the horrors around him. Such is the deeply embedded need of this man - the need for love, understanding and justice.
1224 ::: Kraljevski voz (1981) ::: war ::: This is 1941, the forces owned by Germany take Yugoslavia, conduct a dangerous game for a secret communist agent who carries out important documents. Both the Germans and the police seek him on the train, and it seems that it cannot survive crazaljevo. It is difficult to complete his mission after fighting the right to get the right to the right people, even after joining the train.
1225 ::: Balami be soo-ye sahel (1986) ::: war ::: At the end of October 1981, after Khoramhhhhhhhhbr Mahshah helps the heroes of Khoramr Mashhrop .
1226 ::: Bataan (1943) ::: war ::: Japan has just invaded the Philippines, and the US military is trying to defend desperately. The 13 men are chosen, blasting the bridge on the Butan Peninsula and hindering the Japanese people from rebuilding it.
1227 ::: Tufan (1997) ::: war ::: Three old friends working on oil drills have separated after the Iraqi Army attack. After several days in the sea, they again meet each other in Khark Island and take responsibility for exporting oils there. But everyone has their own plans when the enemy will also attack this island.
1228 ::: The Last Partisan (????) ::: war ::: Eastern Europe, in 1945 - when the flood of war changes, the Nazis increase their attempts to eradicate the "Jewish problem". There is an SS officer who was feared by everyone else - judge, a bloodthirsty murderer who has reached an almost legendary status. Her village destroyed and her husband killed, a young mother, Iva, is forced to join a partisan group to survive and find her 8-year-old son Felix. Iva injured in a battle with German soldiers and escapes in an abandoned country monastery. It is not alone for long. A German officer, Kreutzer, apparently a German deserter, also escapes in the monastery and discovers them. The two forge an unlikely alliance that saves Iva's life. In the meantime, Felix is ​​quickly friends from a youthful girl, Eszter and a bond between the two refugees. Eszter agrees to help Felix look for his mother, even though she knows that the chances of finding her alive. Mother and son are united in the nightmare of the war, but it is too late; Nothing and nobody are what they seem. It is both the beginning and end; Old relationships die and new ones grow in their place. The war is over forever and the torch is handed over to the last partisan.
1229 ::: The Last Partisan (????) ::: war ::: Eastern Europe, 1945 - As the tide of the war changes, the Nazis encourage their attempts to eradicate the "Jewish problem". An SS officer has been feared over everyone else - Richter, a bloodthirsty murderer who has reached almost legendary status. Her village destroyed and killed her husband, a young mother, IVA, is forced to join a partisan group in her attempt to survive and find her 8-year-old son, Felix. Injured in a skirmish with German soldiers, IVA seeks refuge in an abandoned country provider. She's not alone for long. A German officer, Kreutzer, apparently a German deserter, also takes refuge in the monastery and discovers her. The two forge an unlikely alliance that saves the life of IVA. In the meantime, Felix is ​​friends by a teenage girl, Eszter, and a band quickly forms between the two refugees. Eszter agrees to help Felix find his mother, although she knows the opportunities to find her alive. Mother and son are reunited in the Waas nightmare, but it is too late; Nothing and nobody is what they seem. It is both beginning and end; Old relationships die and new grow in place. The war is over forever and the torch is passed on to the last part -time.
1230 ::: Cross of Steel (2014) ::: war ::: Cross of Steel is a documentary from World War II like no other. The film follows the war in terms of German soldiers and seeks to depict an impartial point of view. No political tones or third -party agenda. Join us as we analyze the German military machine and dissect their elite combat tactics and training, advanced weapons, psychological condition and unsurpassed discipline.
1231 ::: Siroko je lisce (1981) ::: war ::: The action took place in 1943 and today, and a partisan school in Srem is at the center of the action. A young journalist is appointed to shoot a film report on the participants in the Liberation War of this field. In the village of Srem, she meets simple and simple people. She discovers that a free territory and a partisan school were there. She also discovers that everyone has acted as one. Deply crossing all these events, the young journalist becomes mature, identifying with the participants in the Revolution.
1232 ::: Hurricane: Squadron 303 (2019) ::: war ::: The Hurricane (Squadron 303) is the story of a group of brave Polish who fought in the sky over England in World War II, not only to preserve the Great Britain of Nazis, but also to preserve the idea of ​​their country, which had had in its modern form for twenty years hardly Before crushing it between the jaws opposing Germany and Russia. It is equipped with almost a hurricane and (with some initial frequency) that was given the blue outfit on the British Royal Air Force, while they fought, he lived Poland. 1940. Great Britain stands alone in Europe against the stigma of the growing Nazi Empire, and its nerve population wonders about what the future hides. But a handful of people on this besieged island knows very well what a possible future may carry. They saw Warsaw Burn, Poland collapsing, France. Men like Jean Zumbach, Urbanovich is born, Miroslao Ferreik and Tolo Lukusiuski, Polish air force pilots, who know that if Lovoav did not stop, Poland, the Netherlands and France were just Hitler. So they are ready to fight, if the planes are given. The problem is that the British do not trust the "bloody columns". Thus, the pilots, strangers, appear to be a very strange land, for a few months, for many wars at the same time - with foreigners' phobia for the authorities and the public, with language, and uncommon hurricane fighters, with battle - Luftwaffe stiffness. But as soon as it is reluctantly operated by the British Royal Air Force, the Polish fighters explain what they can do, and go out - absorb the enemy - record their allies. The hostile British that was hostile to Polish birds as heroes - the savior, even. Now, although the columns have a new enemy - themselves, as nerves and fatigue negatively affect men who have been pushed to the maximum due to the ongoing air war, fighting to save their country on foreign land. It will not do everything. You will not survive all the friendships. When the matter ended, Jean Zombash will think about Berhari's victory, where Poland is handed over to Stalin's dolls.
1233 ::: Marcia o crepa (1962) ::: war ::: French Foreign Corps Commander is told to assemble the unit and capture the Algerian rebels. He gathers in his old unit, most of which is no longer the best. One has the indiscriminate nightmares of the past, the other is drinking, and the other is losing nerves. He captures the leaders and takes them, but cannot go to pick up. He encounters a rebel patrol and is trapped unless they can escape before their water disappears.
1234 ::: Balami be soo-ye sahel (1986) ::: war ::: At the end of October 1981, when the battalion commander of the battalion of the battalion of the battalion of Revolutional guards, they need to bring the port of "Korzshahr" through the Iraqi helicopter, but the forces for his helicopter were failed and the forces for the helicopter were failed.
1235 ::: Siroko je lisce (1981) ::: war ::: This action takes place in 1943 and today, and a biased school in SREM is at the center of action. A young journalist is appointed to shoot a film report about the participant in the liberation war from the field. It meets ordinary, easy people in SREM village. She found out that there was a free region and a biased school. She also realizes that everyone acted like one. As it goes through all the events, the young reporter mature, identifying himself with the participants of the revolution.
1236 ::: Kraljevski voz (1981) ::: war ::: It is 1941 and the German occupation forces are taking over Yugoslavia, making a train trip to Kraljevo a dangerous game for a secret communist agent that carries important documents. Both the Germans and the police are looking for him on the train, and his safe arrival in Kraljevo seems an impossibility. His determination to take documents to the right people keeps him underway, even through a shooting after the train arrives, challenging him to find a way to complete his mission.
1237 ::: La lunga notte dei disertori - I 7 di Marsa Matruh (1970) ::: war ::: German Africa Corps in 1942 when it cracked through the lines of ally in North Africa, in World War II; A group of British soldiers decided to return to their own routes. The journey of most of the ally on the way is filled with danger and Germans in every turn.
1238 ::: Hajka (1977) ::: war ::: After the release of Chetniks and the destruction to conclude an agreement between the partisans and Chetniks, an angry partisan unit of betrayal, the deception is broken. The attention of a group of partisans broken unintentionally, and instead, the attack on an attack on the headquarters of the struggle to liberate the supreme people, and entered into a bloody campaign against the wounded, hungry and gunmen hiding by the hideout. In this hell, everyone becomes a cooked monster, and the monster is persecuted. In the chaos of destruction, in the wilderness, in the midst of the agitation of death, the injured son is born wounded, a symbol of the victory of life.
1239 ::: The Volunteer (1944) ::: war ::: Following the masterful performance as Othello in the theater in London, 'Ralph Richardson' (I) '(QV) was asked for an AUT tograph by his dresser Fred. Shortly afterwards, Fred has joined the Fleet Air Arm (Fly Navy) and has become a hero, saving the pilot from his burning plane. When Fred goes to Buckingham Palace, Ralph's autograph is about to ask.
1240 ::: First Flight (2008) ::: war ::: The pioneer days in Siam (Thailand). Lieutenant Colonel Luang Kaj Yuthakarn was one of the first Thai soldiers who were sent to France to become a pilot. When he returned, Siam was the first Asian country to open an aviation department in which Thai pilots could be pilot with a commission to fight in the First World War.
1241 ::: "Povratak otpisanih" (1976) ::: war ::: In the summer of 1944, Prele and Tihi, young and experienced resistance fighters, Joka, old and moody radio-operator were sent to Belgrade, the capital of the Yugoslav, still in Nazi. As successful bias approaches, PRL, Tihi and Joka must continue their underground work to prepare for the liberation of the city.
1242 ::: Yuan dong jian die zhan (1992) ::: war ::: In 1937, a Soviet general mistake was the Japanese in Manchukuo and asks back to obtain information that the Japanese bring his family from Russia. This happens and the general will be assigned later to lead a raid of white Russian commands to Russia.
1243 ::: Not Another Mistake (1988) ::: war ::: Straker (Richard Norton) Vietnam veterinarian with a chip on his shoulder since his wife and daughter were killed in the conquest of the house. Then he is recruited to return to Vietnam to save some prisoners/Mia, including one leader, Harrison. With the discovery that he has nothing to lose, he accepts the task.
1244 ::: Russkaya zhertva (2009) ::: war ::: The story of the battle for the height of 776 on February 29 - March 1, 2000. A company of Paratroopers of the 76th Air Division by PSKOV was attacked by superior Chechen separatists and foreign mercenaries, trying to avoid the envelope.
1245 ::: "Voennaya razvedka. Severnyy front" (2012) ::: war ::: "War Intelligence Service: Northern Front" is a prequel to Season 1. It tells about the formation of scouts staff and describes its actions in the North Front before and at the beginning of the Finnish war. They go on the Finnish mortar actions on the border with the Soviet Union and become witnesses of the first shot of home territory. They recognize the camp to train German preachers agents to infiltrate the USSR territory. They blew up the gateway to prevent the floods of our forces at the Mannarheem line. And they also get with "Officer Killer", elusive Finnish sniper ...
1246 ::: Russkaya zhertva (2009) ::: war ::: This is the story of the war for the height 776 on 29 February - 1 March 2000. The company of the 76th Air Force from Pskov has been attacked by the superior forces of Chechen separatists and foreign mercenaries, trying to prevent the surroundings.
1247 ::: A Soldier's Gift (????) ::: war ::: A world in war; Six men trying to survive; A gift that brought them hope and encouragement. Inspired by historical events, a soldier's gift is an adventure that reaches cultural and racial barriers and teaches us that sometimes God will use something simple to remind us of His great love.
1248 ::: The Samson Option (????) ::: war ::: Biochemical attack on America and Israel leads to the end of the world's world. Sarah Man, the first president of the United States, must fight enemies at home and abroad with risk of everything in seeking a unique work of goodwill can stop madness and change the course of history.
1249 ::: Kapyong (2011) ::: war ::: On April 24, 1951, following a rout of the South Korean army, the voluntary army of the Chinese people continued its enemy towards the lines of the Australian and Canadian troops which still widen aid defenses, 39 kilometers in back. Here, sometimes, on the length of a bayonet, often in total darkness, the individual was opposed to the individual in a fight between a superpower and a group of other nations around the world. They fought for a valley, the road to ancient and traditional invasion towards Seoul. If he fell the southern capital and the war, was lost. The troops of the United Nations had the military advantage of the support of the heights and artillery: the Chinese were based entirely on largely higher numbers. Consequently, the young men on both sides found a very close and very personal battle. The Battle of Kapyong has become the turn of the fifth Chinese offensive in this Korean spring. The goal of the offensive was to finally chase the foreign troops outside of South Korea and the sea. What happened in place, changed the history of the Korean War. The Chinese were denied victory and forced to resume negotiations. If they had succeeded, another overwhelming defeat for the United States could have triggered events that led to a nuclear holocaust in Asia - and the Second World War.
1250 ::: Tufan (1997) ::: war ::: After the Iraqi army's attack, three old friends working on the oil drill were separated. After several days in the sea they meet each other on the island of Khark and take the responsibility of exporting oil there. But everyone has his own plans, but it is certain that the enemy will also attack this island.
1251 ::: "Perevodchik" (2014) ::: war ::: This is a story of an ordinary man who becomes a hero. Andrey Petrovich Starikov, a chemistry teacher called "Charlie", lives with his wife and mother in an old house. This house is inhabited by many nations people. Among them are the Russians, Ukrainians, Jews, Tatars and Armenians. But when the Nazis enter the city, the life of civilians changes. In order to save his family and friends, Charlie must work as a translator for the Nazis ...
1252 ::: Wunderland (2017) ::: war ::: Christmas 1944, the Germans make a last push against the attacking Allied armies in the West. Lt. Robert Cappa and his peloton of 2nd infantry division soldiers were ordered to keep an essential road connection against the German aggressors. Cappa and his men must find their faith and strength to stand against their enemy in the epic fight, known as 'the Battle of the Bobbel'.
1253 ::: Ora X - pattuglia suicida (1969) ::: war ::: When the Germans are allowed to capture an island in the Mediterranean during World War II, a team of US soldiers is left behind to destroy a significant radio base. But this is just the beginning of problems for American troops, civilians and Germans.
1254 ::: Kraljevski voz (1981) ::: war ::: This is 1941 and German occupants take a Goslavagger forces on Yugosphia, which traveled the train in Munazifia, which is important communist certificates for the secret Communista agent. Both Germans and cops are looking for him in the train, and his safety in Maizles looks like an inconsistent. The determination to get papers to the right people, even challenges after a gun to complete his mission - challenge the challenge to complete his mission.
1255 ::: Kapyong (2011) ::: war ::: On April 24, 1951, following a South Korean army route, the voluntary army of the Chinese people followed their enemy to the lines of Australian and Canadian troops still digging defenses back-back, 39 kilometers at the back. Here, sometimes a bayonet, often in total darkness, the individual was connected against an individual in a fight between a superpower and a group of other nations from around the world. They fought for a valley, the old and traditional invasion route to Seoul. If the southern capital and war fell, it would be lost. United Nations troops had the military advantage from the heights of the land and artillery: the Chinese relying completely on far superior numbers. As a result, young men on both sides found a battle that was very close and very personal. Kapyong battle became the change point of China's fifth offensive in that Korean spring. The purpose of the offensive was to finally drive foreign troops outside South Korea and at sea. What happened instead, changed the history of the Korean war. The Chinese were rejected the victory and forced back into the negotiations. If they succeeded, another crushing defeat for the United States could have led to events that led to a nuclear holocaust in Asia-and the three World War.
1256 ::: Pacific Islands (1992) ::: war ::: Iid Wright visits the Pacific Pacific Island, Vointe and Solomon Islands. It starts his trip in Fiji, where you receive it. Soft guests are often handed as a sign of friendship with a relationship, starting births to meetings and commabitation, death and marriage. It also goes out of Astrulation Rew, which is not going down to 30 kms on the east of the smallest island of the Kadavi. In the Fijian islands of but, Iin offers their countrymen named API. API from a family that believes he had a relationship with a couple, and sharks with a shark to eat it two years ago. By the mane, Ian consuses and vanues to the Captain is the island of the Captain. He visits the spring and island Seservi, and Tanna Island, where he tries to the hills of Yasur. Her bigger and working in the world. Ian continued his journey in Solomon Islands. During World War II, the islands were used as American and Japanese and thousands of ports. Ian will go to gozo, where he walks in Tao Marton, are often used often with damage, with a bottle and other daily results. The island PASU, Ian sees the amount of money. This traditional currency is still used for the bride and for settlement.
1257 ::: Tren (1978) ::: war ::: A young man on the banks of the Ibar river goes to the revolutionary war. It turns out that it is one of the key moments that will later leave notes on his life. The war conflict goes from its own internal intimate conflicts. He feels the need to consider a human being despite the horrors that surround him. This is the deeply anchored need for this man - the need for love, understanding and justice.
1258 ::: ArmA: Armed Assault (2007) ::: war ::: A small American army group was sent to the magic island of the Atlantic Ocean with the aim of helping in training the Local Property Army in support of the United States. The kingdom of South Saharrani, rich in natural resources, was unlike its northern neighbor, the Democratic Republic of Sarwan. However, in recent years, the situation has settled into uncomfortable but peaceful coexistence. But the Democratic Republic of Sahrani sees the US training by the United States as a threat. When they learned that the American forces had finished their deployment and that they were shipping, the north is preparing to beat while the false sense of safety continues to occupy the minds of their southern neighbors.
1259 ::: Jeungeon (1974) ::: war ::: Lieutenant Colonel Jang has plans for the weekend with his daughter, but the masses' fighter planes from North Korea suddenly fill the sky of Seoul. 25 June 25, 1950; The beginning of the Korean War. Despite the South Protection, the North Korean Army best with high -tech weapons. We go from the occupation, all the way through the brutal battles to search for the territory. The tragedy of war was all shown through personal experience.
1260 ::: Cenata na gradot (1970) ::: war ::: The movie will be held in a small town where Germans are preparing to retreat near the end of the war. However, the large amount of Russian prisoners feed the people, and the prisoners overcome their guards and escape. The townspeople try to save them from Germans, but they are not successful.
1261 ::: 101 (2016) ::: war ::: '101' Abel Gains' film 'J'Kuse!' Which is considered one of the most important ant-war films in history. For this reason, '101' is created on the basis of the silent form. The film belongs to the war of Tenenburg, which was fought in East Precipitation in 1914. The Germans' victory over that Russian armed forces ended. The German Army commander-in-chief, Paul von Hindindaburg, will go down as 'Victor of Tenburg' in history, as the German command decided to name the war after the village of Tenenberg, which was located near the fight. In this way, the History of the German people suffered in the first war of Tenenburg 500 years ago in 1410. '101' is also related to today's world, which has been shown from the point of view. Similar protagonist who plays historic rhythmic roles in the film. His point of view in the form of documentary tables sinks according to subjective musical statement in the main plot of the film, as is the characteristic of the silent film. '101' today is an artistic view of the world in a particular historic comic context, which raises a question, 101 years after the outbreak of the first World War, is it more meaningful to shoot an anti -wages film? And whether it is worth respecting the film 'Ja' today! Which is almost immersed in oblivion.
1262 ::: Beyond Glory (2015) ::: war ::: Located in Vietnam's funds, World War II, and the Korean War, beyond glory, moving real, emotional and heroic stories of eight receptors of the Medal of Honor, as made and acted by the acclaimed actor of stage, television and cinema Stephen Lang.
1263 ::: Siroko je lisce (1981) ::: war ::: The action takes place in 1943 and today, and a partisan school in Srem is at the center of the action. A young journalist is appointed to shoot a film report to participants in the Eraction Liberation War from the area. In the village of Srem she meets ordinary, simple people. She reveals that free territory and a partisan school were there. She also reveals that everyone acted as one. Deps passing through all those events, the new reporter grows mature, identifying itself with the participants of the revolution.
1264 ::: Fallen Hero (2009) ::: war ::: of the. Counwall Kvin Shea told his wife he asked all his men to go home. He ended his journey he remained voluntarily voluntarily to come to a place to ensure the safety of their men. The decision to stay, but all his people, but it is the same as his life. Athroenth Hero's LT. Mixed Canine remember and sees how people in the community how to give the heroes how to give up for your freedom defend.
1265 ::: Zvezde su oci ratnika (1972) ::: war ::: When a combat dies, a star was born, a star, a company of the United States born to a group of stars. Small children are interesting to the older people and old people, people are replacing their signature and provides himself in front of the German pipe.
1266 ::: Siroko je lisce (1981) ::: war ::: The action is done in 1943 and today, and in the hot is in the center of an exhaust school. A young journalist fires the film report in the fight against this area. In the Aria village, he met with joint, simple people. He found that there was a free area and a school school. He also makes everyone who act like one. During all these incidents, the young journalist grows adult that identifies themselves with the revolutionary participants.
1267 ::: Awaiting Time (2005) ::: war ::: Mary is strong and Joel is yet to take care of, while her husband is in war who is trying to deal with the reality. Binding with his friend France and his neighbor Pearl, Mary begins to understand that the only way to make it through deployment is just to live ... day by day ... and wait.
1268 ::: ArmA: Armed Assault (2007) ::: war ::: A small American army contingent has been sent to the Atlantic Island in Saherani with the objective of helping the local supporters train the US monarchy. The kingdom of South Saharani, rich in natural resources, has always been on obstacles with its northern neighbor, Democratic Republic of Sahani. In recent years, the situation has come into a peaceful co -existence yet. But the Democratic Republic of Sahani sees the training of Southern soldiers as a threat by the US. When they find out that American soldiers have ended their deployment and are in the process of shipping, the north prepare to strike, while the false sense of security still occupies the minds of its southern neighbors.
1269 ::: "The Red" (2014) ::: war ::: In 1937, the Japanese imperialists started a brutal aggression war against China, the Chinese nation has made crucial importance in a critical period. The XU day was originally an ordinary small accounting color, an accident with a patriot and the Japanese war. He was touched by the Patriotic Spirit. That is why he used his sharp mind to help the patriots transport important materials. During this time he met Jin and Tielin, they have a complex background and met the beautiful wife Tian Dan. In the troubled times, the legend of Shanghai, Xu Tian was not only witnesses, but also in the important moment of historical change ......
1270 ::: Hong se niang zi jun (1961) ::: war ::: In the 1930s build the qontuga is a solid company Nan - tian, cruel Warlord of the city in Hainen Island, China. It also reduces the owner, and Qoonggua of Honggua's, the Leader of removing women - women's soldiers. He joined the soldier and became the leader after his death. They grabbed and killed in Warlord and Lonens Local city.
1271 ::: Tufan (1997) ::: war ::: Following the Iraqi army attack three old friends working on an oil drill are separated. After many days at sea they meet each other again on Khark Island and take responsibility to export oil there. But each has its own plans while it is sure that the enemy will also attack this island.
1272 ::: Kraljevski voz (1981) ::: war ::: It is in 1941 and the German occupying forces take over Yugoslavia and take a train ride to Kraljevo a dangerous game for a secret communist agent who has important documents. Both the Germans and the police are looking for him on the train, and his safe arrival in Kraljevo seems to be impossible. His determination to bring the papers to the right people keeps him up to date, even if the train arrives after the train - and asks him to find a way to complete his mission.
1273 ::: To the White Sea (????) ::: war ::: The Gutsy story reports the one using a gun using a gun to the World's War II is the one who is shot tokyo when I'm bombing. The man traveling very much awesome and health, the body and mind, across the borders of damaged borders to return to Alaska.
1274 ::: Yuan dong jian die zhan (1992) ::: war ::: In 1937, he suffers from the Soviet general defects of the Japanese in Manchuko and asks in exchange for the information brought by the Japanese his family from Russia. This is done and the general is later appointed to lead a raid to Russia by a white Russian commandos.
1275 ::: Siroko je lisce (1981) ::: war ::: The action takes place in 1943 and today, and a biased school in SREM is at the center of action. A young journalist is appointed to shoot a film report about the participants in the freedom war from the region. She meets common, ordinary people in Srem village. He discovers that there was an independent region and a biased school. He also realizes that everyone works as one. Passing through all those events, young reporters mature, revolutions identify themselves with participants.
1276 ::: Hurricane: Squadron 303 (2019) ::: war ::: Hurricane (Squadron 303) is a story of a brave Paul group that fought in the sky of World War II, not only to keep the United Kingdom free from the Nazis, but also to continue to live ideas in their country. 。 For just 20 years, it has existed in a modern form until it was crushed between the jaws on the other side of Germany and Russia. Equipped with almost obese hurricanes, (with the first reluctance) given a rough blue uniform, Poland lived while they were fighting. 1940. The United Kingdom stands alone in Europe for the growing stain of the Nazi Empire, which is extended, and is wondering what the future will be in the future. However, the few people on the suffering islands know too much about what one possible future will hold. French is surrendered after seeing Warsaw's burning and Poland collapses. Men like JAN ZUMBACH, WITOLD URBANOWICZ, MIROSLAW FERIC, TOLO LOKUCIEWSKI are pilots of the Polish Air Force. If they are given an airplane, they are ready to fight. The problem is that British do not trust the "bloody pole". And the pilot is actually a stranger on a very strange land, must fight several wars at once for a few months -Authorities and the masses of foreign disgust, language, unfamiliar hurricanes. Fighter, fight -hard LUFTWAFFE. However, when they are reluctantly operated by RAF, Polish fighters indicate that they can do, bombard the enemy, and won the alliance. Once hostile British, Polish flyers were also a hero -even the savior. But now, Paul has fresh enemies -itself, itself is a terrible sacrifice because nerves and fatigue are pushed to the limits by constant aerial battles, and they are fighting to save their own country on foreign land. I'm paying. Not everything makes it. Not all friendships survive. And when it's over, Poland is handed over to Stalin's dolls, so Yang Zungbach pondered Pula Hick's victory.
1277 ::: "Zhan Lei" (2013) ::: war ::: Gao Deng, a rebel recruitment, who cannot adapt to military life, was appointed to the mountain installation squad, where he meets a veteran warrior with special skills called Lin Feng. Gao Deng and Lin Feng are well intimate friends. In order to ensure the safety of lives and the property of people living in the border, the army is organizing a procedure to correct mine. Therefore, Gao Deng and Lin Feng goes to Clear Mines for the locals, making a great contribution to eliminating mines in that area. After this procedure, they join the mine working group for the demarcation of the border, open the passage of the border demarcation with their comrades, and remove the minefields around the new border tablets and ensure the safety of employees involved in the demarcation of the borders, thus completing the task successfully from the maximum border tablets. While clearing the mines, Lyng Feng sacrifices his life for children who live on the border. After Lynn Feng's death, Gao Dung inherits his will and becomes an excellent soldier to preserve peace through hard training and work, which consists of a heroic song for the contemporary Chinese soldier in his blood and sweat.
1278 ::: Pohwasokui shibjaga (1956) ::: war ::: Major Kim can be found from his troops after they were overwhelmed by the Chinese armed forces during the Korean War. He escapes in the barn of an old woman together with two wounded American soldiers, but the longer they stay-the longer they endanger the life of the old woman
1279 ::: Dom Zauvijek (2012) ::: war ::: During the war (1995-1995), Croatia was destroyed by various estimates of 20-25 % of its economy. Tens of thousands were killed and many were homeless. Through the voice of ordinary people, returning to a story about the increase in a small and invisible Balkan country with many natural and human beauties of terror. A country that still endures wounds, both physically or psychologically, to end the conflict during the Independence War. This reflects a part of history that, although never changed, has formed a generation in a positive way.
1280 ::: Brothers in Arms (2003) ::: war ::: A movie about the unusual friendship that has been separated from six men for about 35 years since Vietnam. This documentary explores their Navy service in Delta Mekong, the effect that the war had on them, how their experience in Vietnam became the basis of a friendship and what is what is their "unbreakable bond". The group decides to visit the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall in Washington, D.C.
1281 ::: No Better Place to Die (2019) ::: war ::: During the first 3 days of the Normandy -Invasia, the 82nd Airborne Division struggled to conquer and keep crucial intersection points about the Merderet River. As the hours and days passed, the water turned into a fight without a retreat.
1282 ::: Hurricane: Squadron 303 (2019) ::: war ::: The hurricane (squad 303) is the story of a group of brave posts that fought in the heavens about England in World War II, not only to keep Britain free of the Nazis, but also to keep alive the idea of ​​their very own country, which had existed in its modern form for just twenty years before it was crushed between the opposite jaws of Germany and Russia. Equipped with the almost observed hurricane and (with some initial reluctance) given the blue uniforms of the RAF, while fighting, Poland lived. 1940. Great Britain is alone in Europe against the growing stain of the unbridled Nazi empire, its nerve inhabitants wonder what the future holds. But a handful of people on this besieged island know very well what a possible future could have. They have seen Warsaw burns, Poland, Capitulated France. Men like Jan Zumbach, Witold Urbanowicz, Miroslaw Feric and Tolo Lokuciewski, Pilots of the Polish Air Force, who know that if the Luftwaffe does not stop, then Poland, Holland and France were only from Hitler's Hors d'Oeuvre. Then they are ready to fight, if they are given the planes. The problem is that the British do not trust 'the bloody poles'. And so, the pilots, strangers in what seems like a very strange land, during a few months will have to fight in several wars at the same time, with the xenophobia of the authorities and the public, with the language, the combatants of Unknown hurricanes, with the battle - luftwaffe hardened. But once the RAF makes them reluctant, the Polish fighters show what they can do, expelling the enemy, noting their allies. The British party once hostile, the Poles Flyers as heroes, even the saviors. Now, however, posts have a new enemy, themselves, since nerves and fatigue have a terrible cost in men pushed to the limit by a constant air war, fighting to save their own country above a land Foreign Not everyone will achieve it. Not all friends will survive. And when I finish, Jan Zumbach will contemplate a pyrrhic victory, since Poland is delivered to Stalin's puppets.
1283 ::: "The Bagley Boys" (????) ::: war ::: After the war in August 1914, the life of 10 men from Baglie-Garde in the British village is permanently changed. These men respond to their country calling and join one of the main "Pals" battalions of the kitchen. Their initial start in "doing bit" for the king and the country will soon evaporate because they are witnessing the horror of the trench war. "Bagley Boys" follows the life of these 10 men and their families from 1914 to 1918, because they were the hardships of living on the front, the pain of separation from their loved ones, and awareness that they were all not home. the human
1284 ::: Seulpeumeun jeobyeoldeulegedo (1978) ::: war ::: Kam Village has been controlled by the North Korean army during the Korean war and the villagers have been forced to take surrender. Man-Bock, the village stupid, adopts ways with his winners of the winners, but when he sees a little boy and tells a girl that he hears how his parents are killed, he begins to change the heart.
1285 ::: The Exploits of the Emden (1928) ::: war ::: A German officer asks his wife to join him in SMS in a German warship, then she takes the seas in China. With the outbreak of the First World War, EMDEN is called for service and seas unable to meet his wife. Then SMS EMDEN helps a masculine passenger ship and the officer discovers that his wife was on board the fateful lining. It was found between the rescue and the seas. After the ship briefly starts and bid farewell to his wife's seas, the cruiser will then meet with Hmas Sydney in the battle and sink. Fortunately, the officer escapes from the sunken ship and collects him with his wife.
1286 ::: Victory (1913) ::: war ::: The Navy's Minister orders the United States. Utah went to the Antila Republic to protect American interests during the imminent revolution. As soon as the main port, Benson commands the Lieutenant section to go inside Waldiva, the capital and report to the US Embassy to recommend him from the overall situation. As soon as Lieutenant Lieutenant arrives, he meets with Minister Gordon and his daughter Helen, who falls in love with them, but in General De La Monte, the Minister of War Anthile finds rival. He also meets a young inventor who has just completed the construction of hydroplan. While in a government cannon, Helen conspirates General de Monte to assassinate President Martinez and then blows the American warship in an attempt to take over the government in his own hands. Helen tells the Lieutenant section of the conspiracy. Before he has the opportunity to thwart these programs, Lieutenant is mistakenly arrested for the murder of President Martinez. Gordon's minister eventually obtained the Lieutenant Freedom, but it is not timely to prevent the departure of the conspirators. Wireless alert is prevented and the lieutenant decides that their only hope is to make fifty miles in hydroplan. The moving camera in the hydroplan itself shows an exciting race through the air and the ground. Lieutenant, at a height of 1500 feet, creates a bold bold for the warship and hard to get there to prevent it from being destroyed by a port mine that throws a two hundred -legged water tower in the air. Benson's commander immediately opens the fire on the castle and during this exciting struggle. The Lieutenant section wants to release a bomb from hydroplan. He does this with fatal results. This battle is not earlier than that Utah is attacked by the foreign fleet and a spectacular maritime battle shows that Utah defeats the fleet with the help of hydroplan bombs. The final scenes of this marine battle show the foreign ships of the powerless steel masses with real drowning in the sea. Wireless reaches the palate. Benson reported from the US Embassy that a rebellion occurred in the city. com. Benson orders Lieutenant to rescue with a Marine Corporation. They engage revolutionary revolutions that take three to one. After the desperate clash, the Marines charge the foreign batteries and guide the enemy. The Lieutenant section marches with the victorious sea and saves the Minister of Gordon and Helen. The last scene shows that Lieutenant Bakhsh as much as he succeeds in the war, as he win Helen, then to officers and crews. Utah, who encourages him to be a prayer, is presented.
1287 ::: "Feng lei dong" (2013) ::: war ::: The story focuses on Lengs, a large commercial family in the 20th and 30s in Harbin. At that time, the brutal Japanese soldiers spread the virus in Harbin. According to extremely cruel means, they refer to the Chinese as their "test field". Lengs makes people fight against Japanese soldiers. As the mystery of the origin of Lengs is revealed, Lengs suffer from decay. However, the three sons make a big difference in the protection of their family and the rescue of the country. At the same time, they are also entangled with complex emotional confusion.
1288 ::: Siroko je lisce (1981) ::: war ::: The campaign will be held in 1943 and today, and a party school in the scheme will be held at the Center for Action. A young journalist was appointed to make a film about the participants of the liberation war in this field. In SREM's village he will meet simple, simple people. He determines whether there is a free territory and a guerrilla school. He also knows that everyone acted on. Of all these events, the young reporter grows mature, which is self-determined by the participants of the revolution.
1289 ::: Words and Deeds (2009) ::: war ::: Continuation of the interactive film series. Sgt Tony Ortega and his team offer medical help and repair the village water purifier to obtain information about the missing army or operator. Series Order: Episode 1 - Hearts And Minds Episode 2 - Crossroads Episode 3 - Civil Strife Episode 4 - Tribal Negotiations Episode 5 - Welcome to A'stan Episode 6 - Anti -Narcotics episode 7 - Words and Deeds Episode 8 - Contradication Extremism 9 - Back to the Horn Episode 10 - Let's make a deal episode 11 - After Action Review.
1290 ::: Le 7eme jour de Saint-Malo (1960) ::: war ::: Saint-Malo, Cité Corsaire: ww2 approaches its end and the Germans know that their days are a few island connected to the main righteousness by a narrow tongue of sand. The English prisoner is trying to communicate with the resistance fighters. The German Commander Minister, Solange, helps prisoners to obtain new supplies.
1291 ::: Zvezde su oci ratnika (1972) ::: war ::: When a combat dies, a star was born, a star, a company of the United States born to a group of stars. Small children are interesting to the older people and old people, people are replacing their signature and provides himself in front of the German pipe.
1292 ::: Blood Army (2010) ::: war ::: For years it has been threatened, tension has grown, the truce has been caused and tested. The pieces fall in place; War is inevitable now, since the forces of good and evil are preparing for a torn roaring turbulent battle to put an end to all others, and at the end they decide the fate of the earth and its human inhabitants ...
1293 ::: Fallen Hero (2009) ::: war ::: Colonel Kevin Shee told his wife that he wanted all his men to go home alive before leaving for Iraq. After his tour ended, he voluntarily remains until his replacement arrived to guarantee the safety of his people. His decision to remain much of the reason that all his people took him, but it also cost him his life. Fallen Hero remembers Lieutenant Colonel Kevin Shea and looks at how people in the community return to the characters who have given so much to protect our freedoms.
1294 ::: Cenata na gradot (1970) ::: war ::: Films are in a small town where the German war is getting ready to retreat at the end of the war. But a carload of Russian prisoners gets to feed them, then the prisoners get away from their guard and run away. The people of the city try to protect them from Germans but do not succeed.
1295 ::: Words and Deeds (2009) ::: war ::: Continuation of interactive film series. SGT Tony Ortga and his team provide medical aids and remove the village's water treatment in order to obtain information about the missing SOF military operator. Series Sequence: Episode 1 - Hearts and Minds Episode 2 - Crossroads Episode 3 - Civil Strife Episode 4 - Tribal negotiations Episode 5 - Welcome to Episode 6 - Anti -Cenarcotics Episode 7 - Words and Deeds Episode 8 9 - Return to Horn section 10 - Let's do a part of the transaction 11 - After checking the action.
1296 ::: "Top Secret Level 18" (2011) ::: war ::: Top Secret Level 18 is a narrative film that explores 18 real stories that occurred in Ukraine during World War II. They passed under the "Top Secret" seal in the documents of the Soviet Secret Service. The film discovers 18 terrible incidents that are documented revealing evidence and testimonies of eyewitnesses. These are events that help to understand the scope of existing lies over World War II. The International Hearing is aware of the crimes committed by Nazi Germany, but has less understanding about the crimes committed by Stalin and their generals against their own people. The truth was buried for a long time when Stalin's USSR declares victory in the war.
1297 ::: Geojedo: The 3rd Frontline (2017) ::: war ::: Geojedo PO.S. The camp was established at the end of the Korea war in 1950. All prisoners were Koreans, but they made two ideology - communism and capitalism and others agreed with others. In 1952, the Communist Prisoners stole a general competition and negotiate to return to North Korea. The Korean-US team of the United States decided to get acquainted with the special agent of the special agent of Gosson Kim to get acquainted with the general rescue and disorder. "Studio Macro Schedule" Geojedo P.O., in 1952 he made a steal in Geojedo, in 1952, the cinematographic content of the cinematography (FPV) and the element of interaction with the audience.
1298 ::: London Blitz (1983) ::: war ::: During the Battle of Great Britain, the German Air Force dropped thousands of tons of bombs to the city of London. As a member of the British royal engineers, it is their job to find the bombs that have not yet been detonated, and disarm them in time to protect the citizens of London.
1299 ::: "The Bagley Boys" (????) ::: war ::: After the war in August 1914, the life of 10 men from Baglie-Garde in the British village is permanently changed. These men respond to their country calling and join one of the main "Pals" battalions of the kitchen. Their initial start in "doing bit" for the king and the country will soon evaporate because they are witnessing the horror of the trench war. "Bagley Boys" follows the life of these 10 men and their families from 1914 to 1918, because they were the hardships of living on the front, the pain of separation from their loved ones, and awareness that they were all not home. the human
1300 ::: Flight 208 (2007) ::: war ::: In style and thinking experiments, it spent space and time, spanning more than 200 people, and cutting culture and country in just 5 minutes. A fast -paced viewing experience that reflects the pace of life and the death of our inference. Dreams, thinking, cutting monologue (or multi -rogue) ... whatever it requires it through the most unusual flight.
1301 ::: "Perevodchik" (2014) ::: war ::: This is a story that is a normal person hero. Chemistry Teacher Andre Petrovich Starikov, a nickname nicknamed "Charlie", lives in an old house with his wife and mother. People from many countries live in this house. Among them are Russians, Ukrainians, Jews, Tartors and Armenians. But when the Nazis enter the city, the lives of citizens change. To protect his family and friends, "Charlie" should work as a translator for Nazi ...
1302 ::: Teukgongdaewa dolaoji anhneun haebyeong (1970) ::: war ::: SGT Jang, who is on leave the army as an award for his heroism, organizes a special force from circus acrobats. She sets the acrobats before the Marines destroy the heavily armed North Korean troops and make the beach safe for the marines land.
1303 ::: Blood Army (2010) ::: war ::: It has been threatening for years, the tensions rise, in which the truce is challenged and tested. The pieces fall into place; War is now inevitable while the forces of good and evil prepare for a rip roaring raging struggle to end everyone others and ultimately decide on the fate of the earth and its human inhabitants ...
1304 ::: Tribal Negotiations (2009) ::: war ::: Continuing the interactive film series. The Rural War between Sunni's and Shia's has SGT. Tony Ortega grabs straws to make both shake meet in a common position. Series order: Episode 1 - Hearts and minds Episode 2 - Crossroads Episode 3 - Civil Discord Episode 4 - Tribal Negotiations Episode 5 - Welcome to A'Stan Episode 6 - Anti -Narcotics Episode 7 - Words and Cases Episode 8 - Medicines Extreme Episode 9 - Back to Episode 10 of Horn - Let's make a deal of Episode 11 - after reviewing actions.
1305 ::: "Da Jue Ze" (2012) ::: war ::: The summer of 1937, the Japanese launched a comprehensive war of aggression, Peking was surrounded by three sides, is under discussion. Boston University professor Wu Mingtai Patriotic researchers, despite the opposition of yellow orchid lovers, and his aide Shu Lijuan firmly entered a return of return to China. Upon returning to Peking, Wu Mingtai entered Peking University of Peking, for the printing of Japanese militarism "The Great Strategy of Eastern Asian Culture", Liu Jian led personally white, still Wenjing, Chan Zhuang Patriotic researchers overcame Changsa, on The bottom arrived at Kunming, protecting a large number of students.
1306 ::: Seulpeumeun jeobyeoldeulegedo (1978) ::: war ::: The village of Kama overrun by the North Korean army during the Korean War, and the villagers are forced to surrender. Mambok, a fool of the village, adopts the conquered path in Glee, but when he sees the boy being slaughtered and asks a girl how his parents were killed, he caused a change in his mind. start.
1307 ::: Balami be soo-ye sahel (1986) ::: war ::: At the end of October 1981, when the khorramshahr is at risk of collapse, a battalion commander of the revolutionary guards to help the warriors of the city of Tehran Morteza, and due to its path near the Iraqis, they should bring the port of Khorramshahr of the port of Khorramshahr de Mahshahr by helicopter, but his efforts for the helicopter failed and the Morteza Battalion.
1308 ::: Countering Extremism (2009) ::: war ::: Continue the interactive movie series. An elder. Tony Ortega should find the Army SOF operator by establishing a relationship with the local elder. Order to participate: series 1 - hearts and consciousness - Back to horned episode
1309 ::: The Crimson Wing (1915) ::: war ::: Count Ludwig von Leun-Walram, a German army officer, meets Marguerite Clairon, an actress while in a place of irrigation at the France border line. She falls in love with her and reveals her feelings. He rejects her in such a loving way that she just loves her more. Later, the count meets with Marcelle De Lembach, the daughter of a French general whom he had known in childhood. He falls deep in love with him. While he is still judging him, however, the war explodes between Germany and France and he has been called back to his command. Marcelle is intensely patriotic and goes to the front with her father. She runs a body of soldiers against a German scouting party when the officer is killed. It is caught by the count, which sends it for sure back to the French lines. Paul D'Arblay, a spy, is one of the angry researchers. Clairon, whom she hates. He swears he will take it to his power. She joins the French army as a Red Cross nurse. On the battlefield she finds the injured Count and nurse her until he is almost healed. She then arranges to send him back to his command. Arblay reveals this and threatens to denounce the count as a spy unless he gives his wishes. She agrees to save the count, promising to meet her in her nearby aunt's house. He goes there that evening and finds him dead. She has kept her promise, but gets poison than to undergo it. The count meets Marcelle after the war is over and they are engaged.
1310 ::: "The Red" (2014) ::: war ::: In 1937, the Japanese imperialists launched a cruel war of aggression against China, the Chinese nation has entered an important phase of significant importance. Xu Day was originally a simple short accounting color blind, an accident that included a patriot and Japanese war, it was touched by a patriotic spirit, so he used his sharp mind to help Patriots to transport important materials to important materials Done for During this period, the and Tialin they met, they have a complex background, and met the beautiful woman Tian Dan. In troubled time, the legend of Shanghai, Joo Tian is not only a witness, but will also participate in the important moment of historical change ……
1311 ::: "Obratnoy dorogi net" (1971) ::: war ::: Major Toporkov of the Red Army survived the camp of prisoners, meet in partial unit with a request of prisoners: the revolt is being prepared in the camp, weapons are needed. The commander sends a convoy with weapons, but may be a traitor within the unit.
1312 ::: Cross of Steel (2014) ::: war ::: The steel cross is a World War II documentary like no other. The film follows the war from the perspective of German soldiers and tries to describe an impartial perspective. Without political enterprise or third -party agendas. Join us as we analyze the German war machine and dissect their elite combat tactics and training, advanced weapons, psychological air conditioning and unsurpassed discipline.
1313 ::: Tribal Negotiations (2009) ::: war ::: Continuing an interactive movie series. Sergeant in the village war between Sunni and Shiite. Tony Ortega holds on the straw and to meet both shakes on ordinary ground. Series Order: Episode 1 - Hearts and Minds 2 - Crossods Episode 3 - Civil Strief Episode 4 - Tribal Negotiation Episode 5 - Welcome to Aston Episode 6 - Anti -Narcotics Episode 7 - Words and Deeds Episode 8 - Resistant extremism episode 9 - Return to Horn Episode 10 - Let's Deal Episode 11 - After Action Review.
1314 ::: The Last Partisan (????) ::: war ::: Eastern Europe, 1945 - By changing the tide of war, the Nazis are increasing their efforts to eradicate the "Jewish problem". There is an SS officer who is most afraid of - Richter, a bloodthirsty killer who has reached a legendary situation. His village was destroyed and his wife was killed, a young mother, Iva, has to join a party group in an attempt to survive and find her 8 -year -old son, Felix. IVA, who was injured in clashes with German soldiers, seeks refuge in a deserted country. She's not alone for a long time. A German officer, Crotzer, apparently the German desert, also takes refuge in the monastery and discovers him. These two alliances are impossible and save Iva's life. Meanwhile, Felix is ​​friendly by a teenage girl, and the transplant is rapidly formed between the two refugees. The Screen agrees to help Felix seek her mother, even if she knows that she is likely to find her alive. In the nightmare of the war, the mother and the son are reunited again, but it's too late. Nothing and no one is something that looks like. This is both the beginning and the end. Old relationships die and new ones grow in place. The war for some of them is over forever and the torch is transferred to the last party.
1315 ::: No Better Place to Die (2019) ::: war ::: During the first 3 days of the Normandy invasion, the 82A Airborne Division fought to capture and maintain crucial cross points on the Mordet River. As the hours and days passed, the water became blood into a battle without retiring.
1316 ::: Tufan (1997) ::: war ::: Following the Iraqi army attack three old friends working on an oil drill are separated. After many days at sea they meet each other again on Khark Island and take responsibility to export oil there. But each has its own plans while it is sure that the enemy will also attack this island.
1317 ::: Red Army Heroes (1990) ::: war ::: In 1948, the internal staff of the enemy has not been released yet that the night was unlocked by the enemy, which resulted by the enemy landing. Zonag Fang car turned into a traffic station. The spy followed, zhong fangs to the north of our army to leave the north of the river to leave the enemy recently, and to remove the yellow river bridge. Local government and military leaders send the liberation of the Geneng Breaker in support of previous work. The CPIPA Central Equipment The CPIPA Central Commission Mother of the CPIPA Central Commission to the CPIPA Central Mission Commission from the CPIPA Central Commission to the liberation time and issued the order immediately. In the central landground, one, three columns in the north, the lip of cell wars in the north was for the war of the bloody war, all championship in Hawn. After the Asian hard fighting to defend the second time, the first yellow color of China cleaned the railway over 17,000. The victory of the war on war.
1318 ::: No Better Place to Die (2019) ::: war ::: In the first 3 days of Normandy invasion, the 82nd air division tried to conquer and keep decisive crossing points over the Merderet River. When the hours and days passed, the water turned into blood in a fight without retreat.
1319 ::: Kapyong (2011) ::: war ::: On April 24, 1951, after a defeat from the South Korean army, the volunteer Chinese army continued its enemy on the lines of the Australian and Canadian forces that still dig autumn defenses, 39 km away. Here, sometimes along a spear, it is often in complete darkness, the individual was incited against the individual in a struggle between a great power and a group of other countries from all over the world. They fought for Wadi, the old and traditional route to Seoul. If the southern capital and the war fall, it is lost. The United Nations forces had a military advantage to support high land and artillery: the Chinese have relied entirely on largely superior numbers. As a result, young people from both sides found a battle that was very close and personal. The battle of Kapyong has become the turning point of the fifth attack in China in the spring of Korea. The goal of the attack was to finally get foreign forces out of South Korea and to the sea. What happened instead, other than the history of the Korean war. The Chinese were deprived of victory and were forced to return to negotiations. If they succeeded, it would have caused another crushing defeat to the United States in causing events that led to a nuclear Holocaust in Asia - and the Third World War.
1320 ::: Jeungeon (1974) ::: war ::: Lieutenant Jang has plans with his daughter for the weekend, but North Korea's mass fighter jets suddenly fill the Seoul sky. Is June 25, 1950. Starting the Korean War. Despite defending the south, the North Korean army with advanced technology has the best. We go from the invasion, all the way through brutal battles to recapture the territory. The tragedy of war all said through personal experience.
1321 ::: Broj 55 (2014) ::: war ::: In the fall of 1991, a small group of Croatian soldiers will go to the patrol in the improvised armored vehicle. Soon they were planned, and their cars were destroyed and destroyed, they had to hide nearby. In this house, they rebel, Serbia's special forces, and JNA attacked by JNA (Yugoslav National Army). Their endurance to the attackers lasts 24 hours, and their warriors try to see them and try to see them. The film and the story are based on true events during Croatia Independence. In the fall of 1991, a small group of Croatian soldiers will go to the patrol in the improvised armored vehicle. Soon they were planned, and their cars were destroyed and destroyed, they had to hide nearby. They stood up at home, they attack them with rebels, Serbian's special forces and JNA (Yugoslavical National Army of Yugoslavical Army). Their endurance to the attackers lasts 24 hours, and their warriors try to see them and try to see them. The film and the story are based on true events during Croatia Independence.
1322 ::: London Blitz (1983) ::: war ::: During the battle for the UK, German Luftwaffe dropped thousands of tons of bombs on the city of London. As a member of the British royal engineers, your job is to find bombs that have not yet blown up and disarm them on time to protect London citizens.
1323 ::: Jeungeon (1974) ::: war ::: Lieutenant Jang has plans for the weekend with his child, but North Korea's combat planes suddenly fill the skies of Seoul. It is June 25, 1950; The beginning of the Korean War. Despite the South Defense, the North Korean army surpasses them with high -tech weapons. We go from the invasion, all the way through the brutal battles to claim territory. The tragedy of the war told through personal experience.
1324 ::: "Yong Bu Mo Mie De Fan Hao" (2011) ::: war ::: Lee Chishui is a militant captain. In an unexpected delay, he goes to the front line and becomes captain in his state. For a good captain, Lee Chishwi tries everything from reinforcing training to new members. Thanks to his efforts, his battalion is gradually developing. When the Japanese army sweeps the North China region, the Lee Chishoui Battalion delays an elite soldier delayed more than 30,000 Japanese soldiers at any cost so that the Army's headquarters has the eighth transfer time. Before accepting this basic task, Lee Chishui asks: He wants a formal appointment for his battalion. After submitting the request, Lee Chishwi directs his battalion to the front and devote their lives to this. The battalion sticks to the battlefield for a few days until they all have nothing to fight and die in the battle. A month later, the CPC box, which deals with the Chishui Battalion, returns to the battlefield. In the face of the tombs of all soldiers, he promises to Lee Chishwi and deals with the Lee Chishwi battalion. "They are defending the dignity of the Eighth Army with their lives. Today, I give them a name that will last forever! For China, we fight with every enemy until every drop To drain your blood. ”
1325 ::: "Yong Bu Mo Mie De Fan Hao" (2011) ::: war ::: Li Chishui is the captain of the militia. With an unexpected delayed action, he goes to the forefront and becomes the captain of his county battalion. To become an excellent captain, Li Chishui is trying everything from strengthening training to new members. Thanks to his efforts, his battalion gradually develops. When the Japanese army wiped out the northern China region, Lee Chishi's battalion would delay more than 30,000 elite troops at all sacrifice, as the eighth route army headquarters had time to transfer. It will be assigned. Before he accepts this important issue, Li Chishui makes a request. He wants to specify the Battalion's official. After this request, LI CHISHUI ​​leads the battalion to the front and dedicates this task. The Battalion will stick to the battlefield for several days until there is nothing to fight in the battle. A month later, the CPC executive, who assigns this task to Li Chishui battalion, returns to the battlefield. Faced by all soldiers' tombs, he fulfills his promise to Lee Chishui and designates the Li Chishui battalion. He says, "They defend the dignity of the 8th Route in their lives. Today, I will award this designation that lasts forever!
1326 ::: To the White Sea (????) ::: war ::: The story of Gothsi tells a gunman during World War II that was fired on Tokyo during the bombing attack. The man begins in a hostile, physically and mentally traveled, physically and mentally, to return home to Alaska.
1327 ::: Hurricane: Squadron 303 (2019) ::: war ::: Hurricane (squad 303) is the story of a group of bold poles who fought in the skies on England in WW2, not only to keep Great Britain free from the Nazi, but also to keep the idea alive their own country, which had existed in its modern form for just twenty years before it was broken between the opposite jaws of Germany and Russia. Equipped with the hurricane almost obsolete and (with some initial reluctance) given blue RAF uniforms, while fought, Poland was living. 1940. Britain is alone in Europe against the growing stain of the rampant Nazi empire, its nervous inhabitants wonder what the future is. But a handful of people on this faced island know too well what one future can keep. They saw burns to Warsaw, Poland crushed, France capitulates. Men like Jan Zumbach, Witold Urbanowicz, Miroslaw Feric and Tolo Lokuciewski, Polish Air Force pilots, knowing that if the Luftwaffe is not stopped, then Poland, the Netherlands and France were just Hitler's Hors d'Oeuvre . So they are ready to fight, if they are given aircraft. The problem is that the British do not trust the "bloody poles". And so the pilots, strangers in what seems indeed a strange land, over a few months must fight several wars at once-with the xenophobia of the authorities and the public, in the language, the unfamiliar hurricane fighters , With battle - hardened luftwaffe. But once they are operating from the core from the RAF, Polish fighters show what they can do, come out-coming out to the enemy out-who scored their allies. The British fete at once the Polish flyers as a hero-Saviors, even. Now, though, the poles have a fresh enemy-themselves, as nerves and fatigue have a terrible effect on the men pushed to the limit through a constant aerial war, fighting to save their own country. Above from foreign land. Not all will do it. Not all friendships survive. And when it is over, Jan Zumbach will contemplate a pyrical victory, as Poland is given to Stalin's puppets.
1328 ::: Vostochny koridor (1966) ::: war ::: The philosophical proverb "Eastern Corridor" was created during the fall of "melting", while Soviet artists, though meter and sensors, were done, but still "breathing of freedom." In the 1960s, the film industry (such as, really, and other construction) is fully owned by the state, the question of commercial profit from the rental of films, though on the agenda, was not completely impressive. There were commands of the so -called state on important topics of the ideology of the state, such as revolutionary, military, history, biographies, etc. It is logical that the action-pitcher type of Spy Ware Detective was allowed only within the framework of military subjects. But those films that were not originally made for the mass audience, but are important for the annual "plan". Thus, there is no doubt that the "Eastern Corridor" was at the center of the Studio "Belarus-film" on the basis of the general biased drum department, telling about the valor of the Soviet people during the business. Eventually, the film was not waiting to see the boss, and not only the party officials, but also the quite generous critics were welcomed with hostility. So it is only surprising that after spending two years on the shelf, the film "Eastern Corridor" is still left in the so -called "Limited Release" in 1968 ... The film can be a hit of any western festival in the late 1960s. ("Cranes fly" and "Ivan's childhood." As much as victory, but, hey ... Valentin Vinogradov's "Eastern Corridor" did not work clearly after creative life. Was forced to go to the normal cinema "...
1329 ::: "Top Secret Level 18" (2011) ::: war ::: Highlights 18 is a report movie reviews of 18 cases in Ukraine during World War II. They pass under the "high" in the Soviet page. This film does not reveal what is a horrible risk of music 18 This lists by explaining evidence and evidence. These are those who help to present understanding and territories about the World War II. The audience nationalists did about the German Nazi Contributions, but it was not enough crime and his military commanders against her people. The truth was buried long as Usr's Usr expressed the victory in the war.
1330 ::: Param Vir Chakra (1995) ::: war ::: Three friends in National Defense Academy with a girl who would like to recommend their hearts. The war breaks to the nation is great for all of them ...
1331 ::: Snaiper 2. Tungus (2012) ::: war ::: World War 2 - Eastern front: a new lot of raw and inexperienced Soviet snipers come to the front. To reinforce them, a commander chooses a Tungus doctor whose people are known for their hunting and aim skills to lead them in battle. Soon a ruthless duel with a German elite sniper develops. The main character is based on the main Seviet sniper Sumyon Nomokonov that had 367 murders in his credit.
1332 ::: Pacific Islands (1992) ::: war ::: Ian Wright visits the Pacific Islands of Fiji, Vanuato and Solomon Islands. He started his journey in Fiji, where a local tribe welcomes him with the Cava Drinking Party. Moderate drugs are often presented to guests as a sign of friendship, also used to close alliances, start conferences mainly and commemorate births, deaths and marriage. It also dives to the Astrolabe coral reefs, which extend without interruption for 30 km along the eastern side of the small island north of Kadavu. On the island of Mana Vegian, Ian nourishes sharks with a local man named API. API comes from a family that believes it has a rapprochement with sharks, and sharks trained to feed it in the past two years. From Mana, Ian flies to Vanuao, a group of islands baptized new hybrids by Captain Cook in 1774. On Ambrin Island, he meets with the tribe president who used to practice human meat and witnesses traditional dances of the clips, where the dancers pretend to be a spirit that lives inside Her fashion. He also visits hot spring on Cisvie Island and Tana Island, where Yassour's huge volcano climbs. It is the most easy and active volcano in the world. Ian continues his journey to the Solomon Islands. During World War II, the islands were used as a battle between Americans and Japanese, and thousands of deserted ships and tanks are now scattered in the country and seas. Ian goes to Jizo, where he dives to Tao Maroun, the most wreckage of the debris, which still contains bottles, writers and other daily elements that were on board when the ship fell. On Busu Island, Ian sees Shell money. This traditional currency is still used in the prices of the bride and the settlement of disputes.
1333 ::: Five Days of Fire (2007) ::: war ::: Set in World War II, five days of fire is a suspense story of an American platoon that crosses the enemy territory to assure a German weapons designer. Captain Casdorph must lead a group of men who are getting more and more divided. As the enemy tries to prevent his progress from the outside, the squad tears from the interior. One of the soldiers, Jimmy Pratt, must overcome his fear of death to complete the mission.
1334 ::: Fireflies at El Mozote (????) ::: war ::: Fireflies at El Mozote is a convincing war drama, a strong social connection, inspired by real events. It lists the well -documented massacre in the village of Al -Name Mozot, Morazan Province, El Salvador, which is the worst atrocities committed by government forces against civilians in the history of modern Latin America. This 10 -year -old survivors follow his endeavor to avenge the death of his family and destroy his village.
1335 ::: Uka i Bjeshkëve të nemura (1968) ::: war ::: UKA is an old albania that lives in the mountains on the border of Kosovo and Albania. As a respected man, he must deal with his son who was friends with Italian fascists during World War II. The film shows the events in Kosovo during World War II, where the Great Wolf's son was misled by Provetier Dezid and deceived that the Italians show that his partisans have killed the brothers. That will eventually cost him.
1336 ::: Brothers in Arms (2003) ::: war ::: A movie about the unusual friendship that has been separated from six men for about 35 years since Vietnam. This documentary explores their Navy service in Delta Mekong, the effect that the war had on them, how their experience in Vietnam became the basis of a friendship and what is what is their "unbreakable bond". The group decides to visit the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall in Washington, D.C.
1337 ::: Marionette (????/II) ::: war ::: History of two crashing aircraft, a black fighter pilot from the 332 group of Tuskegees fighters, the other a new goal of the RAF bomb, the only survivor of a Lancaster crew, on the occupied territory Czecoslovakian in a few weeks Likewise remaining in May 1945. As they try to avoid the capture by German forces now disciplined in the grahms of withdrawal, an impossible friendship increases among the descendant of a former Luizian colony slave and a young British -educated Privileged upper, as each of them rests on the other for their survival. But what looks like friendship is something completely strange - a relationship that seems to overcome the place in which they both find themselves - and even overcome time.
1338 ::: War Is Hell (1961) ::: war ::: During the Korean war, a sergeant directs his magnificence to mission against the enemy-not telling them that the ceasefire has just been announced-so he can win a medal. When some Plato members begin to doubt that something is fish, there is a problem.
1339 ::: Balami be soo-ye sahel (1986) ::: war ::: At the end of October 1981, after Khoramhhhhhhhhbr Mahshah helps the heroes of Khoramr Mashhrop .
1340 ::: "Misija majora Atertona" (1986) ::: war ::: Major Atton's mission is a television mini -series in three sections. This true story is made of two parts that show Hydra operation. After the fall of the Republic of Osis and the success of the first enemy attack, the British submitted their mission, and the series shows the events and fate of three British secret services, SOE led by Major Trans Atton, who during World War II, early in World War II, early in World War II. In 1942, what was occupied by Yugoslavia at the time to determine whether the Partisans or the chains actually fought against or against the occupying forces.
1341 ::: "Underground" (2009) ::: war ::: Adapted from the famous novel of the writer Shi Zhongshan of the same name, is an acura that founds around the holiday on the hidden front to make a special contribution to the heroes of the masterpiece. On the eve of liberation, our "underground" party Liu Kehao workers successfully at KMT Secret Bureau Shenyang station, with the "land" of army agents, successfully achieved the belief of Xu Yinchu station leader, successfully concluded "Map of Protecting the city "Difficult task for our peaceful military liberation of Shenyang has made extraordinary contributions. After the liberation, Liu Kehao and other "underground" in the "ground" in the work of the Public Security Bureau, to get the secret spies.
1342 ::: Krvava bajka (1969) ::: war ::: The memory of the victims of the Kragujevac massacre is described through events related to a group of boys, shoes shoes. At that time, thousands of workers refused to work in favor of the invaders, and the entire city was subjected to harsh repression, persecution of innocent citizens, and canceling the regular foods of food.
1343 ::: Black Friday: Dark Dawn II (2014) ::: war ::: In this ongoing film until Black Friday: Dark Dawn Series, see how the maritime corpus turns raw recruits into the certified members of the deadly car in the world. Follow the old SSGT Nichols training instructor and his Elite team for an exclusive look after scenes at the United States Maritime Corps boot camp. Learn what it takes to gain a position in the most scared and respected military force ever seen. Can you survive in the harshest recruitment training imaginable?
1344 ::: Operation Blackbird (????) ::: war ::: During World War II, the agency called Waves teaches women in special options. A group of them are deployed on a mission known as the Blackbird operation. After the war, they are hunted by former colleagues and enemies. They had to leave them alone.
1345 ::: Lady from Chungking (1942) ::: war ::: In Japanese-arrested China, the resistance resistance is leading to the resistance to Japanese. When two American planes were shot in the village, they form plans for saving the organization. Then when the Japanese curriculum comes in the village village, he knows that big operations are near. He decides to absorb the armytufitis, to learn the general confidence and learn his plans.
1346 ::: Cenata na gradot (1970) ::: war ::: Films take place in a small city where the Germans are being prepared to retire near the end of the war. But loading Russian prisoners bring people to feed them, then prisoners beat their guards and escape. City people try to save them from the Germans but they fail.
1347 ::: O dromos ton iroon (1971) ::: war ::: In 1940, shortly before the outbreak of World War II, the Greek Embassy in Rome informed the Navy General Staff, that an Italian detective was recognized to act in his environment, but meanwhile the detective was dead. After Ellie's torpeding, Pastor Lieutenant Commander Vasilis falls on Vachliotis, who admits to be deprived of serving her motherland in this way, who plans to steal Are. Secret plans of Greek fleet.
1348 ::: Maria's Song (????) ::: war ::: Maria's song tells the story of a bright girl, a rebel, aged 11 years old, her thirteen -year -old protector, her hero, and her brother George, while traveling through the city of war, to try to save their lives and hit the difficulties, and as much as he is a world that can be imagined.
1349 ::: O dromos ton iroon (1971) ::: war ::: Shortly before the outbreak of World War II, the Greek embassy reported to the Navy General Staff in Rome, that the Italian spy was known to work in his environment, but in the meantime the spy died. After Eli Torpidong, the priests fall on the Lieutenant Commander Vesilis Vachliotis, the daughter of Rear Admiral Leosis, who thus admits to being deprived of serving her homeland, who is planning to steal spies and steals. Helping the secret plans for the Greek fleet.
1350 ::: Kapyong (2011) ::: war ::: On April 24, 1951, following a route from the South Korean army, the Chinese army followed their enemy to the Australian and Canadian soldiers, who were still defending the back of the back 39 kilometers. Here, sometimes during a bayonet, often in complete darkness, the person was struggling between a superpower and a cluster of other nations from all over the world. They fought for a valley, an ancient and traditional attack on Seoul. If the southern capital and war fell, it would be lost. UN soldiers had a military advantage over the support of land and artillery: the Chinese were fully trusted. As a result, young men found a battle on both sides, which was very close and very personal. The Battle of Kapyung became a turning point in China's fifth attack in that spring of Korea. The purpose of the attack was to eventually bring foreign troops out of South Korea and to the sea. Instead, what happened, changed the history of the Korean war. The Chinese were deprived of victory and were forced to negotiate. If they succeeded, another crushing defeat for the United States could have created events that led to the nuclear Holocaust in Asia - and World War III.
1351 ::: "Perevodchik" (2014) ::: war ::: It's a regular man story that gets a hero. Andy Petrovit Startrovit Startrovit "Charlie" Name, living in the old house with his wife and mother. This house is populated by the people of most countries. Russia is Russia, Ukraine, Jews, trimor and Armanites. But when they enter the Nazi city, the lives of civilians are changed. Charlie to rescued his family and friends, "Charlie" should work as a translator of Nazis ...
1352 ::: "Misija majora Atertona" (1986) ::: war ::: The Great Atterter's job is a series of a TV in three areas. This true story is made up of two installments that the operation hydra. After the fall of the Justice Republic and the first time of the first enemy of the first enemy, the first time of the heavens of the heavens and the second largest stance occurrence of the second global war, at the beginning, at the beginning, to what Came in this regard on this issue that masally or chickens were actually fighting the occupants or against each other.
1353 ::: The Battle of Trafalgar (1911) ::: war ::: We show Lord Nelson who leaves the Admiralism Room where he makes his famous speech and then introduces him with his master by giving details of that wonderful plan of an attack made for the letter of Trafalgar, master inspirations and their enthusiastic toast. We are then carried until the day before the battle when the men are writing their last letters at home. Here is a beautiful scenic and photographic effect as the sweet vision of one of the lies disappears. This gives the opportunity to introduce that famous episode of the letter in which Lord Nelson called back the mail ship for one message and that he strived for the hearts of all those who sail. We then carried by the morning of October the first twenty-one, eighteen hundred and five, when the enemy fleet appears. The decks are cleared for action and color lifting is described by all the solemnity of the occasion before entering the battle. The correct incident of the famous sign "England expects every man to do his duty" is wonderful and performed in every detail, and we notice the pathetic contact in Nelson's life the offers of the offers to his master who has at that time a presentation of his own death. We now come to the small touch of man in his life and learn the true human character, because, in his last entry into his diary before the battle, he makes peace with his producer. And now we come to that spectacular wonderful picture of Trafalgar's true battle. We see ships in action, gun shooting, ships trapped on fire and then the camera switches to a close view of the victory deck where human life is sacrificed by -Hundreds, the top fighting, deadly shot and Nelson's fall. We then see that wonderful character in his death, the solemnity, beauty and pathos of all this being accomplished by Edison's players in all its greatness; His greeting to Captain Hardy, the last kiss, the news of victory and finally his death.
1354 ::: Hong se niang zi jun (1961) ::: war ::: In the thirties of the twentieth century, Wu Qionghua was a home maid of Lebanon Ba Taian, a harsh war for a village on Heinan Island, China. Often, she was finally rescued by her master, she was finally rescued by Hong Changing, the leader of the red separation of women - the forces of the soldiers. She joined the forces and became the leader of the separation after the death of Hong. They captured and executed the Emir of the war and liberated the village of Kyungwa.
1355 ::: ArmA: Armed Assault (2007) ::: war ::: A small American army contingent has been sent to the Atlantic Island in Saherani with the objective of helping the local supporters train the US monarchy. The kingdom of South Saharani, rich in natural resources, has always been on obstacles with its northern neighbor, Democratic Republic of Sahani. In recent years, the situation has come into a peaceful co -existence yet. But the Democratic Republic of Sahani sees the training of Southern soldiers as a threat by the US. When they find out that American soldiers have ended their deployment and are in the process of shipping, the north prepare to strike, while the false sense of security still occupies the minds of its southern neighbors.
1356 ::: Balami be soo-ye sahel (1986) ::: war ::: At the end of October 1981, when Khorramshahr was the risk of a collapse from the helicopter, but his efforts to do the helicopter and the Morteza battalion.
1357 ::: "Obratnoy dorogi net" (1971) ::: war ::: The Major of the Red Army, which has fled from the camp of the prisoners, comes into the partisan unit with the request of the prisoners: the uprising is prepared in the warehouse, weapons are required. The commander sends a convoy with weapons, but there can be a traitor within the unit.
1358 ::: Cenata na gradot (1970) ::: war ::: The films take place in a small town where the Germans are preparing to retire near the end of the war. But a car of Russian prisoners makes people feed them, then the prisoners exceed their guards and escape. The people of the city try to save them from the Germans but are not successful.
1359 ::: Cenata na gradot (1970) ::: war ::: The films are held in a small town where the Germans are ready to retreat near the end of the war. But once Russian prisoners feed on them, then the prisoners overcome their guards and escape. The people of the city try to save them from the Germans but fail.
1360 ::: Uka i Bjeshkëve të nemura (1968) ::: war ::: Uka is an old Albanian living in the mountains on the border of Kosovo and Albania. As an honorable man, he must deal with his son who became friends with Italian fascists during World War II. The film describes events in Kosovo during World War II, where the son of the Great Wolf by Prokletije Dzahid is deceived and deceived the Italians showing his killed partisans.
1361 ::: Kraljevski voz (1981) ::: war ::: We are in 1941 and the German occupation forces took control of Yugoslavia, making a train journey for Kraljevo a dangerous game for a secret communist agent carrying important documents. The Germans and the police are looking for him on the train, and his arrival safely in Kraljevo seems to be an impossibility. His determination to bring the papers to the right people advances him, even through a battle of firearms after the arrival of the train - challenging him to find a way to finish his mission.
1362 ::: First Flight (2008) ::: war ::: The pioneer days in Siam (Thailand). Lieutenant Colonel Luang Kaj Yuthakarn was one of the first Thai soldiers who were sent to France to become a pilot. When he returned, Siam was the first Asian country to open an aviation department in which Thai pilots could be pilot with a commission to fight in the First World War.
1363 ::: "Yong Bu Mo Mie De Fan Hao" (2011) ::: war ::: Li Chishui is a militia captain. In a sudden delayed action, he goes to the front line and becomes the battalion captain in his circuit. In order to be a good captain, Li Chishui tries everything from improving training to recruiting new members. Thanks to his efforts, his battalion gradually takes place. When the Japanese army wipes the northern China area, the Li Chishui battalion is scheduled to delay an elite body of over 30,000 Japanese soldiers at all costs so that the eighth army of the road has time to transfer. Before accepting this essential task, Li Chishui makes a request: he wants an official determination for his battalion. After making the request, Li Chishui runs his battalion at the front, devoting their lives to the task. The battalion climbs to the battlefield for a few days until everyone has nothing to fight and die in battle. A month later, the CPC framework which assigns this task to the Li Chishui battalion returns to this battlefield. In the face of the graves of all soldiers, he fulfills his promise to Li Chishui and gives the battalion of Li Chishui a determination. He says, "They defend the dignity of the eighth army of the road with their lives. Today, I give them this designation which will last forever! For China, we will fight every enemy until we drain every point of our blood . "
1364 ::: No Better Place to Die (2019) ::: war ::: During the first 3 days of the Normandy -Invasia, the 82nd Airborne Division struggled to conquer and keep crucial intersection points about the Merderet River. As the hours and days passed, the water turned into a fight without a retreat.
1365 ::: A Soldier's Gift (????) ::: war ::: The world in war; Six men struggling to survive; A gift that gave them hope and encouragement. Inspired by Historic History events, a soldier's gift is an adventure that reaches cultural and ethnic obstacles and teaches us that sometimes God will use something easy to remind his great love.
1366 ::: "Povratak otpisanih" (1976) ::: war ::: In the summer of 1944, PRLE and Tihi, the young yet experienced resistance fighters, Joka, in association with the old and moody radio-operators, Belgrade by parties, the Belgrade, Yugoslav capital are still sent under Nazi occupation. As an approach to the victorious biased forces, Prle, Tihi and Joca should continue their underground work to prepare the city for liberation.
1367 ::: "Qi jian" (2008) ::: war ::: Heng Yuanhai joins the naval army with high expectations that make contributions to a strong Chinese naval force. Lu Huai, head of the Navy base, appoints Zheng Yuanhai in an abandoned place to test his resolution. However, at the beginning of his training, Zheng Yuanhai is always in conflict with Chen Jianjun, Director of the Naval and Naval Mini Division. Ten years later, Chen Jianjun becomes a master of destruction, and Zheng Yuanhai master of the fregance. In the fight against unknown invasive submarines, the wisdom of Zheng Yuanhai and the courage of Chen Jianjun to come together in the construction of a strong sea defense. However, at the critical moment of the leading captain's campaign, Chen Jianjun's momentary slip results in the escape of unknown submarines. When he removes his army uniform, Chen Jianjun chooses Zheng Yuanhai to realize the great expectations of his generation for him. Zheng Yuanhai, who starts from a university student engaged in the Navy, becomes a leading master after passing through all the hardships and disadvantages, eventually leading a fleet to the blue sea to write a beautiful story about loyalty and health.
1368 ::: Brothers in Arms (2003) ::: war ::: A film about unusual friendship that has been shared by six men for some 35 years since Vietnam. This documentary examines its naval service in the Mekong Delta, the war has an impact on them, how their experience in Vietnam became the basis of a friendship, and what is it that forms their "unwavering bond". Group Washington, D.C. Vietnam decides to visit the Veterans Memorial Wall.
1369 ::: "Da Jue Ze" (2012) ::: war ::: The summer of 1937, the Japanese launched a comprehensive war of aggression, Peking was surrounded by three sides, is under discussion. Boston University professor Wu Mingtai Patriotic researchers, despite the opposition of yellow orchid lovers, and his aide Shu Lijuan firmly entered a return of return to China. Upon returning to Peking, Wu Mingtai entered Peking University of Peking, for the printing of Japanese militarism "The Great Strategy of Eastern Asian Culture", Liu Jian led personally white, still Wenjing, Chan Zhuang Patriotic researchers overcame Changsa, on The bottom arrived at Kunming, protecting a large number of students.
1370 ::: Geojedo: The 3rd Frontline (2017) ::: war ::: The Geojedo P.O.W (prisoner camp prisoner) camp was established in 1950 when the end of the Korean war. All prisoners were Koreans, however, they were designed by two ideologies-communism and capitalism and conflicted each other. In 1952, Communist prisoners kidnapped to General Dodd, the head of the camp, to negotiate their return to North Korea. The Korean-US Combined Forces command decided to infiltrate Special Hoseon Kim to save the General and set up riots. "Studio Macro Graph" produced the kidnapping incident at Geojedo P.O.W, camp in 1952 as the first person (FPV) interactive VR cinematic content through the cinematic direction and the element of interaction with the audience .
1371 ::: Operation Blackbird (????) ::: war ::: During the WWII, one company called Waves to breed women and optimism. The groups are moved to identify with the Blackbird work. When the war and the previous enemies are to rotate them. They should leave them.
1372 ::: Hong se niang zi jun (1961) ::: war ::: In the 1930s, a housewife of Wu Kionghua Non-Ba-Tian, ​​a brutal war, from a village in Hainan Island, China. Kionghua, who was often abused by her boss, was finally rescued by the women's red detach leader Hong Changing - the forces of female soldiers. She joined the forces and became a detachment leader after Hong's death. They attracted the battlefield and executed and freed Kionghua's own village.
1373 ::: Red Army Heroes (1990) ::: war ::: In 1948 the soldiers in Zhong Fenng (Chen Fenng) to participate in the enemy's warfare, so the dawn makes the enemies under Luu Xia. Zhong feng A car driver to the train station. The Zhong is corrected, the sadness of the brown beach ... ...!, and screws on purple water. The chief officials have a memory of the Ghong-co-leaders, Zhongqgg to wipe out the original Zhenzhou. The military is the battle xibaiper of the seat of the CPC soldiers In the appropriate time, and set it right away to release Zhengzhou straightforward lies one, three, Houser Hous Houss. After 24 hours of a dangerous combat to protect in Asia, closely closed by Chinese train, cleared more than 15,000 enemy. Zhengzhou wins and war.
1374 ::: Uka i Bjeshkëve të nemura (1968) ::: war ::: UKA is an old albania that lives in the mountains on the border of Kosovo and Albania. As a respected man, he must deal with his son who was friends with Italian fascists during World War II. The film shows the events in Kosovo during World War II, where the Great Wolf's son was misled by Provetier Dezid and deceived that the Italians show that his partisans have killed the brothers. That will eventually cost him.
1375 ::: Hurricane: Squadron 303 (2019) ::: war ::: Hurricane (squadron 303) is the story of a group of brave poles that fought in the sky in England in WW2, not only to keep Great Britain free from Nazis, but also to keep the great thoughts of their own country alive Were, which was. Before crushing between the anti -Germany and Russia's anti -Russian jaws, barely existed in its modern form for twenty years. Considering the RAF blue uniform equipped with almost-bright storms and (with some initial reluctance), while they fought, Poland lived. 1940. Great Britain stands alone against the increasing stain of the fiery Nazi Empire in Europe, wondering what the future is. But a handful of people on this evicted island only know very well what the future can be. He has seen Warsaw Burn, Kharbal, France Capitulat of Poland. Men such as Pilot, John Zumbach, Vitold Arbanovicz, Miroslav Ferrics and Tolo Lokuvski, who know that if the loaftawaf is not stopped, Poland, Holland and France were just Hors D'Oovare of Hitler. So they are ready to fight if they are given aircraft. The problem is that the British do not rely on 'bloody poles'. And so pilot, stranger who actually seems to be a very strange land, will fight several wars together during a few months - with the zenophobia of the authorities and the public, with the language, the unfamiliar storm fighters, with the fighting - the tough looft . But once they are reluctant by RAF, the Polish fighters show what they can do, out - closes the enemy - scoring their colleagues. Once hostile British fight the Polish Flyers Heroes - Saviers, even. Now, however, the sticks have a fresh enemy - themselves, as the veins and fatigue take a terrible toll on men, which continuously push to the limit by aerial war, fight to save their country above a foreign land. . Not all will make it. Not all friendship will survive. And when it ends, the life zumbach will consider a pyramic win, as Poland is handed over to Stalin's puppets.
1376 ::: Seulpeumeun jeobyeoldeulegedo (1978) ::: war ::: The village of Kama was exceeded by the North Korean army during the Korean War and the villagers are forced to surrender. Man-Bok, village idiot, adopts the ways of his invaders with joy, but begins to have a heart change when he sees a gentle young man and hears a girl to tell how her parents were killed.
1377 ::: Combat Killers (1968) ::: war ::: At the end of World War II, an inexperienced US officer, determined to gain himself, lost half of his plot in the bloody battle with Japanese soldiers. While trying to extract his men from his undesirable position, a lieutenant Lieutenant to another enemy force to destroy the remaining soldiers using a good ambush. The officer and a beautiful village are captured, but they are desperately trying to escape their deadly danger to warn Americans.
1378 ::: "Feng lei dong" (2013) ::: war ::: The story revolves around the Lengs, a large family of dealers in the 1920s and 1930s in Harbin. At that time, the brutal Japanese soldiers spread the virus in Harbin. With extremely cruel means, treat the Chinese as a "test field". The Lengs run people to fight Japanese soldiers. The Lengs suffer from the secret that the origin of the Lengs is unveiled. However, the three sons make a big difference to defend their family and save the country. At the same time, they are also involved with complicated emotional confusion.
1379 ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock (2012) ::: war ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock is a 2012 video game, released for PS3, Xbox 360 and PC by Developer 505 Games and published by Paramount Digital Entertainment. It was issued on March 13, 2012 in the United States and on April 5, 2012 in Europe. It features Maverick, Iceman, Merlin and Jester as supporting characters, 14 missions and planes. He also includes new heroes a young pilot named Spider, who is similar to Maverick, his winged Duin and Fury, who is similar to Iceman and Charlie as a rival and love interest in Spider.
1380 ::: Hong se niang zi jun (1961) ::: war ::: In the 1930s, Wu Kinguua was the hostess of Nan-Ba-Tian, ​​a cruel commander of the village of Hainan, China. Often abused by his master, Qionghua was finally rescued by Hong Changking, the leader of the Red Women's Squad, a soldier of soldiers. She joined the army and became the leader of the squad after Hong's death. They captured and executed the commander and released the native village of Qionghua.
1381 ::: First Flight (2008) ::: war ::: The pioneer days in Siam (Thailand). Lieutenant Colonel Luang Kaj Yuthakarn was one of the first Thai soldiers who were sent to France to become a pilot. When he returned, Siam was the first Asian country to open an aviation department in which Thai pilots could be pilot with a commission to fight in the First World War.
1382 ::: Cross of Steel (2014) ::: war ::: Cross of Steel is a documentary from the Second World War like no other. The film follows the war of the German soldiers and tries to present an impartial view. Without political under tones or third parties. Accompany us while analyzing the German war machine and analyzing your elite combat tactics and training, advanced weapons, psychological conditioning and unsurpassed discipline.
1383 ::: ArmA: Armed Assault (2007) ::: war ::: A small contingent of the US Army was sent to the Atlantic island of Sahrani to train the army of the local Pro-American monarchy. The Kingdom of South -sahrani, rich in natural resources, was always contradicted by its northern neighbor, the Democratic Republic of Sahrani. In recent years, however, the situation has settled into a restless but peaceful coexistence. But the Democratic Republic of Sahrani sees the training of southern troops as a threat. When you learn that the US troops have ended their commitment and are currently shipping, the north is preparing for strike, while a wrong feeling of security is still taking the thoughts of their southern neighbors.
1384 ::: The Rose of No Man's Land (????) ::: war ::: No Mans Land's rose is a drama of World War I, which is not about war. It is about the people left behind. Women who were left to keep the country running and how they stepped to do so. Even more importantly, women are not allowed to define themselves and where they come from and where they come from. Traditionally, war stories tell about dramatic effects on men fighting war, but women are also fighting injustice. The horrors of fighting men and battlefields are often and well painted, but Rose has a fresh perspective and a unique story to tell. From nurse Edith Cavel to Loveless women; Massey, Florence and Dorothy, the rose of no man's land is notable, strong women, who will not be oppressed without any fight.
1385 ::: Vostochny koridor (1966) ::: war ::: Like the philosophical "Eastern Corridor" was created during the decline of "melting", when Soviet artists were measured and censored, they were still "freedom breath". Just as the film industry (as, in fact, and other products) in the 1960s is entirely owned by the government, the issue of commercial profits from renting film, although on the agenda, was not fully prevalent. There were so -called government orders on the important issues of state ideology, such as a revolutionary, military, historical, historical, biography, etc. It is logical that not only is the type of work of espionage detective not only permitted in the context of military themes, but also films that were not originally designed for mass audiences, but are remarkable for the annual "program". Therefore, there is no doubt that the "Eastern corridor", based on the usual party drum section of the Soviets during the occupation, was of interest to the Belarus-Film studio. Eventually, the film was not a way to see the boss, and not only to the party officials but also to the completely liberal critics. So it is only surprising that after spending two years on the shelf, the "Eastern Corridor" movie still remained in the so -called "limited version" in 1968 ... This film can be for each Western festival of the late 1960s (to As much as "cranes fly" and "Ivan's childhood"), but alas ... after the creative life of the "Eastern Corridor" Valentine's Winogdov is obviously not working. The outstanding directors' talents are not given to the opening and he had to go to "ordinary cinema" ...
1386 ::: No Better Place to Die (2019) ::: war ::: In the first 3 days of Normandy invasion, the 82nd air division tried to conquer and keep decisive crossing points over the Merderet River. When the hours and days passed, the water turned into blood in a fight without retreat.
1387 ::: Balami be soo-ye sahel (1986) ::: war ::: At the end of 1981, the Special Forces to Assist the Lord's Revolutionary Guards, but the helicopter of Iraqi, but his efforts for the helicopter and his efforts for the battalion of the room. .
1388 ::: To the White Sea (????) ::: war ::: The Gutsy story reports the one using a gun using a gun to the World's War II is the one who is shot tokyo when I'm bombing. The man traveling very much awesome and health, the body and mind, across the borders of damaged borders to return to Alaska.
1389 ::: Flight 208 (2007) ::: war ::: It is an experience in style and thought, and it travels in place and time, and extends through more than two hundred people, cut cultures and countries, in just about 5 minutes. A fast -speed audio experience that is reflected at the pace of life and the death of logic around us. Dream, idea, cut (or multiple) monologue ... whatever it is, it takes one through an unusual journey.
1390 ::: Words and Deeds (2009) ::: war ::: Continuing the interactive film series. SGT Tony Ortega and his team provide medical help and adjust the village water cleaner in order to gain information about the missing Army Sofa Operator. Sorting of Series: Episode 1 - Hearts and Minds Episode 2 - Episode Crucifixion 3 - Civil Strife Episode 4 - Tribal Talks Episode 5 - Welcome to A'stan Episode 6 - Anti -Narcotics Episode 7 - Words and Acts Episode 8 - Counterfeit Episode 9 9 - Back to Horn Episode 10 - Let's make an episode 11 - after reviewing the action.
1391 ::: Sgt. Dondi (1980) ::: war ::: Join the army, see the world. Join the army, see the mud. Sergeant Dondi and his men are in a mission. A mission to do what is not safe. See Dondi Tudge through the jungles in southern Asia, leading characters as rare as Hollywood, Psycho, Dago and Scout. Will they reach your goal? Will they be successful? A package verification is in order.
1392 ::: Blood Army (2010) ::: war ::: It has been threatened for many years, tension increases, the ceasefire has been challenged and tested. The piece has fallen to the predetermined position. War is inevitable because the RIP RIP ROARING is in a fierce battle to end everything else and ultimately determine the fate of the earth and human residents. ..
1393 ::: Teukgongdaewa dolaoji anhneun haebyeong (1970) ::: war ::: While he is on the army as a prize for his heroism, Sergeant Jang organizes a special force composed of circus acrobats. Clearing them before sending to the marines, the acrobats destroy the strongly armed North Korean troops, making the beach safe so that the Marines can land.
1394 ::: A Soldier's Gift (????) ::: war ::: World of war; Six people try to survive; One gift to them with hope and encouragement. The gift of soldiers inspired by historical events - adventures that reach cultural and racial barriers and sometimes we use simple things to remember his great love.
1395 ::: The Last Partisan (????) ::: war ::: Eastern Europe, 1945 - As the wave of war changes, the Nazis increase their efforts to eradicate the "Jewish problem". There is a scared SS officer over everyone else - Richter, a blood -thirsty killer who has reached the almost legendary status. Her village was destroyed and her husband killed, a young mother, Iva, is forced to join a partisan group in her attempt to survive and find her 8-year-old son, Felix. Wounded in a clash with German soldiers, Iva is sheltered in an abandoned monastery of the country. It is not just for a long time. A German officer, heading, seemingly a German deserter, is also sheltered in Bitola and reveals it. Both create an impossible alliance, saving Iva's life. Meanwhile, Felix is ​​friends with a teenage girl, Eszter, and a relationship forms quickly between two refugees. Eszter agrees to help Felix look for his mother, though she knows the chances of finding her a thin. In the nightmare, mother and son have reunited, but it is too late; Nothing and no one is what they look like. Both the beginning and the end; Old relationships die and new ones grow in their country. The war is over for some forever, and the torch is passed on to the last Partizan.
1396 ::: Hurricane: Squadron 303 (2019) ::: war ::: Hurricane (squad 303) is the story of a group of bold poles who fought in the skies on England in WW2, not only to keep Great Britain free from the Nazi, but also to keep the idea alive their own country, which had existed in its modern form for just twenty years before it was broken between the opposite jaws of Germany and Russia. Equipped with the hurricane almost obsolete and (with some initial reluctance) given blue RAF uniforms, while fought, Poland was living. 1940. Britain is alone in Europe against the growing stain of the rampant Nazi empire, its nervous inhabitants wonder what the future is. But a handful of people on this faced island know too well what one future can keep. They saw burns to Warsaw, Poland crushed, France capitulates. Men like Jan Zumbach, Witold Urbanowicz, Miroslaw Feric and Tolo Lokuciewski, Polish Air Force pilots, knowing that if the Luftwaffe is not stopped, then Poland, the Netherlands and France were just Hitler's Hors d'Oeuvre . So they are ready to fight, if they are given aircraft. The problem is that the British do not trust the "bloody poles". And so the pilots, strangers in what seems indeed a strange land, over a few months must fight several wars at once-with the xenophobia of the authorities and the public, in the language, the unfamiliar hurricane fighters , With battle - hardened luftwaffe. But once they are operating from the core from the RAF, Polish fighters show what they can do, come out-coming out to the enemy out-who scored their allies. The British fete at once the Polish flyers as a hero-Saviors, even. Now, though, the poles have a fresh enemy-themselves, as nerves and fatigue have a terrible effect on the men pushed to the limit through a constant aerial war, fighting to save their own country. Above from foreign land. Not all will do it. Not all friendships survive. And when it is over, Jan Zumbach will contemplate a pyrical victory, as Poland is given to Stalin's puppets.
1397 ::: The Samson Option (????) ::: war ::: A biochemical attack on the US and Israel leads to the verge of a global apocalypse. The whole value, the first US President should fight enemies at home and abroad, while in search of a unique work of goodwill, all this is at risk that can prevent insanity and change the course of history.
1398 ::: Operation Blackbird (????) ::: war ::: During the Second World War, a desk called Waves Women trains in Special Ops. A group of them is deployed on a mission known as Operation Blackbird. After the war they are hunted by former colleagues and enemies. They should have left them alone.
1399 ::: Fallen Hero (2009) ::: war ::: Lieutenant Colonel Kevin Shea told his wife that he wanted all his men to come home before leaving Iraq. After his tour ended, he volunteered to stay until he was replaced to ensure the safety of his men. His decision to stay was a major part of the reason that all his men made him at home, but it also spent his life. Fallen hero Lieutenant Colonel Kevin remembers Shiite and sees how the people in the community have given a lot to save our freedoms to the heroes.
1400 ::: Missing Jane (2004) ::: war ::: Missing Jane takes place during the Second World War and is the story of Gordon Idaho, a bomber radio operator B-17, who is pushed with a new crew when their radio operator is killed about the heaven of Europe in the winter of 1943 . Van de Jane Doe is a heavy group to fit together and on their first mission, the bomber is shot and crashes in the German countryside. The surviving members of the crew seek refuge in an abandoned farm house where they have difficulty fighting the elements, each other and the fear of being caught by the Nazis. Idaho soon discovers that the house contains a dark mystery one that is determined to solve. Will Idaho reveal the secrets of the past? Will the crew survive behind the enemy lines?
1401 ::: Awaiting Time (2005) ::: war ::: Mary remains to be strong and take care of for Joel, while her husband is trying to deal with the reality that she is in battle. Banding with her friend Fran and her neighboring Pearl, Mary begins to understand, the only way to make it through expansion is just living ... day by day ... and wait.
1402 ::: Yuan dong jian die zhan (1992) ::: war ::: In 1937 a Soviet alternative to the Japanese in Manchukuo and in exchange for information the Japanese asks his family from Russia. This is done and the general is later allocated to lead a raid in Russia by white Russian commands.
1403 ::: Bataan (1943) ::: war ::: Japan has just invaded the Philippines and the US army is trying desperate protection. Thirteen men have been chosen to blow up a bridge on the Bataan Peninsula and prevent the Japanese from restoring it.
1404 ::: No Better Place to Die (2019) ::: war ::: During the first 3 days of the Normandy invasion, the 82nd Airborne Division struggled to capture and capture the important crossing points on the Merdrate River. As the hours and days passed, the water turned into blood in a fight without any retreat.
1405 ::: The Samson Option (????) ::: war ::: Biochemical attack on America and Israel leads to the end of the world's world. Sarah Man, the first president of the United States, must fight enemies at home and abroad with risk of everything in seeking a unique work of goodwill can stop madness and change the course of history.
1406 ::: "Underground" (2009) ::: war ::: Adapted from the famous novel of the writer Shi Zhongshan of the same name, is an acura that founds around the holiday on the hidden front to make a special contribution to the heroes of the masterpiece. On the eve of liberation, our "underground" party Liu Kehao workers successfully at KMT Secret Bureau Shenyang station, with the "land" of army agents, successfully achieved the belief of Xu Yinchu station leader, successfully concluded "Map of Protecting the city "Difficult task for our peaceful military liberation of Shenyang has made extraordinary contributions. After the liberation, Liu Kehao and other "underground" in the "ground" in the work of the Public Security Bureau, to get the secret spies.
1407 ::: Victory (1913) ::: war ::: The Navy is ordered to the United States. Utah goes to the Athira Republic to protect the interests of the United States during the approaching revolution. When he arrives at the major port, Caiman, Commander Benson will go to the U.S. Embassy to proceed to the LI in the Word to the capital city of Valdiva and continue to advise the general situation. At the time of his arrival, LI in the word meets the Minister of Gordon and his daughter Helen. He also meets a young inventor who has just finished the construction of the hydroplane. While attending a government ball, Helen conspirates to assassinate President Martinez and conspirates General Della Monte to blast American battleships to get the government's reins. I heard. Helen tells Colonel Ward a conspiracy. Before he gets the opportunity to hinder these plans, Word Li is accidentally arrested for the murder of President Martinez. The Minister of Gordon ultimately gets LI's freedom in the word, but is not in time to prevent the conspiracy from retiring. They are hindered by wireless warnings, and Word Li determines that he has the only hope to fly 50 miles in hydroplaine. The video camera placed on the hydroplain itself shows an exciting race by air and land. The Word Li will be boldly gliding for battleships at a height of 1,500 feet, and barely reaches there to prevent destruction of mines in the port throwing a 200 -foot water tower in the air. Commander Benson fires in the fort as soon as this thrilling battle. Word LI asks for permission to drop bombs from water drops. He does it with a fatal result. Immediately, this battle occurs in a spectacular Navy battle, indicating that Uta is attacked by a foreign fleet, and Utah is defeating the fleet with the help of a bomb from a hydrop lane. The last scene of the Navy's battle shows a twisted steel helpless mass by a foreign ship actually sinks in one sea of ​​these ships. The wireless reaches COM. Benson of the U.S. embassy reports that a rebellion has occurred in the city. COM. Benson orders LI during the word to rescue with the Marine Corps. They are involved in the revolutionary who surpasses them three to one. After desperate engagement, the Marine Corps claims a foreign battery and defeats the enemy. Colonel Ward marches to Valdiva with the winning Marine Corps, Gordon and Helen rescue squads. The last scene indicates that he was as successful as a war to beat Helen.
1408 ::: "Povratak otpisanih" (1976) ::: war ::: In summer of the year, the younger resistance fighter fighters of the younger warranty warrarns are still sent by Yugoslav. As the successful forces behave, Spari, Tarshi and JOCA should continue to work under the ground to provide the city for freedom.
1409 ::: Bataan (1943) ::: war ::: Japan closed the phyllifinations and try to make the US Army look difficult to capture. Thirteen people blow the bridge on Bataan Peninsula and save the Japanese.
1410 ::: Hurricane: Squadron 303 (2019) ::: war ::: Hurricane (Squadron 33) is a story of a group of brave poles who fought in the sky over England in WW2, not only to keep Great Britain free from Nazi, but also to keep their own country alive, but also to keep the idea of ​​their own country among the opposite jaws of Germany and Russia. Before that it rarely existed in its modern form for twenty years. Almost equipped with Obsolate Hurricane and given RAF blue uniforms (with some initial reluctance), when they fought, they lived in Poland. 1940. Great Britain stands alone against the growing Nazi Empire stains in Europe, with what its nervous residents are amazing what the future holds. But a handful of people on this Belegard island know very well what the only possible future is. They have seen France the captular, as the ARS RSO burn, Poland crumbles. Humans like Jan Zumbach, Wittold Urbanovis, Mirosla Lav Laquukus, Polish Air Force pilots, who know that if Luftwaf didn't stop, Poland, Holland and France were just Hitler's Horse de'Ever. So they are ready to fight, if they are given planes. The problem is that British people do not trust 'bloody poles'. And so pilots, strangers who think really very strange land, will fight several wars together, during a few months - officers and public, with language, with unknown hurricanes, with war - strictly. But once they are reluctantly employed by the RAF, then the Polish fighters show what they can do, out - the enemy - score their colleagues. Once hostile British hero - Saviers, also blows polish flyers. Now, nevertheless, there is a new enemy in the poles - such as nerves and fatigue constantly taking a terrible toll on men who are pushed to the limits by air war, fighting to save their country over a foreign country. Not all will make it. Not all friendships can survive. And when it ends, Jan Zumbek will consider the Pirhik victory, as Poland is assigned to Stalin's puppet.
1411 ::: Marcia o crepa (1962) ::: war ::: The French foreign Legion commander gathered up and seeking to seize the riot leader of the Algeria. He gathers in his old branch, most of them are no longer in the upper form. One of one is a past fear, the other was drinking now and lost the other nerve. He will hold them a leader, but then it is impossible to get it. He will meet rebel patrols and they would not escape before they flow.
1412 ::: Snaiper 2. Tungus (2012) ::: war ::: World War II - Eastern Front: A new batch of raw, inexperienced female Soviet snipers arrive at the front. To strengthen them, Commander chooses a doctor Tungus, whose people are known for their hunting skills and shooting to fight them. A ruthless duel with an elite German sniper develops soon. The main character is based on the most hot Soviet sniper Semion Nomokonov, who had 367 murders for his credit.
1413 ::: Pohwasokui shibjaga (1956) ::: war ::: Major Kim finds himself cut off from his troops after being defeated by the Chinese forces during the Korean war. He takes shelter at the barn of an old woman along with two injured American soldiers, but they remain more-put the old woman's life at risk
1414 ::: Cenata na gradot (1970) ::: war ::: These films take place in a small city where the Germans are ready to retreat near the end of the war. But a road of Russian prisoners gets people to feed people, then the prisoners control their guards and escape. People in the city try to protect them from the Germans but do not succeed.
1415 ::: "Underground" (2009) ::: war ::: The famous writer was received from the same name of the same name from the same name, Akura founded around the party in the Hidden Front to provide special support to the heroes of Master Peace. During the liberation, our party "underground" workers successfully successfully completed the trust of the Army Agents, the "Ground" of the Army Agents, successfully completed Shenang, "City Defense Map" Shenang's Success Tough work for. After liberation, Liu Kehao and other "underground" workers to carry out the Gupta Go IES soups, into the work of the Public Security Bureau into the "ground".
1416 ::: Zvezde su oci ratnika (1972) ::: war ::: When a warrior dies, a star is born, a company of us dies when it is born of a group of stars. Young children are fascinated by old legends and stories of old people, people replace their signature ready to be fired and put yourself in front of the German pipe.
1417 ::: Missing Jane (2004) ::: war ::: Set during World War II, Jane is missing a story about Gordon Igoah, User R-17, Jane's radio is killed by Jane Write is one hard to use Login to their original information, and the person suddenly killed in the German city. Those organizations fight in an abandoned room where they are struggling to fight against the Nazis. Idaho finds the room with a darker dark - which he is determined to fix. Do Idah will reveal the secret of the past? Will the workers lose the back of the enemy line?
1418 ::: Red Army Heroes (1990) ::: war ::: In 1948 the soldiers in Zhong Fenng (Chen Fenng) to participate in the enemy's warfare, so the dawn makes the enemies under Luu Xia. Zhong feng A car driver to the train station. The Zhong is corrected, the sadness of the brown beach ... ...!, and screws on purple water. The chief officials have a memory of the Ghong-co-leaders, Zhongqgg to wipe out the original Zhenzhou. The military is the battle xibaiper of the seat of the CPC soldiers In the appropriate time, and set it right away to release Zhengzhou straightforward lies one, three, Houser Hous Houss. After 24 hours of a dangerous combat to protect in Asia, closely closed by Chinese train, cleared more than 15,000 enemy. Zhengzhou wins and war.
1419 ::: Cross of Steel (2014) ::: war ::: Cross of Steel is a World War II documentary like no one. The film follows from the perspective of German soldiers and attempts to portray an impartial view. Without political obligations or third -party plans. Join us because we analyze the German war machine and separate their elite martial arts tactics and training, advanced weapons, psychological ventilation, and unique discipline.
1420 ::: The Battle of Trafalgar (1911) ::: war ::: We show that the Lord Nelson will leave the Admiralty room, where he makes his famous speech, and then introduce him with his captains, the letter to the letter at Trafalgar, the captains and their enthusiastic appreciation. Men carry us up to the day before the war when men write their last letters home. Here a beautiful lovely and photographic effect is introduced, as the focus of one's girlfriend in the lieutenants comes into the view. Lord Nelson gives it an opportunity to introduce the famous episode of the letter re -called for the Mail Ship for a single message and is dear to the hearts of all those who travel the sea. Then we are taken to October twenty first, eighteen hundred and five hundred and enemy navy. The decks are cleared for actions and the colors are portrayed with all the solemnity of the context before entering the battle. The correct event of the famous signal "England expect every man to do his duty" is the presentation of his death. We have now reached a small human touch in his life and learn the true character of man, because in his last entry in his diary before war, he makes peace with his manufacturer. Now we have come to the amazing amazing picture of the true battle of Trafalgar. The ships in the action, the guns, the guns, the ships, and then the camera turns to a close vision of the deck of the success of the camera, where the human life is sacrificed, where hundreds of people sacrificed, the top of the Redubble's fight, a fatal shot and Nelson fall. That wonderful character in his death, solemnity, beauty and all of it, are all Edison players maintaining its greatness; His farewell to captain Hardy, the last kiss, the news of success and finally his death.
1421 ::: Opasni put (1963) ::: war ::: The last days of the world can escape the Nazi concentration camp that came from the former Yugoslavic concentration camp. They start a long and dangerous journey home.
1422 ::: The Samson Option (????) ::: war ::: A biochemical attack on America and Israel leads to the brink of global apocalypsa. Sara Mann, the first president of the United States wants to fight enemies at home and abroad while risking all this in the search for a singular act of good will that can stop the madness and change the A course of history.
1423 ::: When We Were Heroes (2005) ::: war ::: "When we were a hero" is a war film (no budget) that had acted and produced from those aged 12 to 20. Without any professional help or professional players. The idea was to make a film dedicated to those who fought in the battle called Operation Market Garden. Three young men of the 101 division at the airport they landed deep in the Netherlands occupied on September 17, 1944; Operation market garden the largest military action after day D. In their mission to Eindhoven the soldiers meet busy villages and are confronted with German troops and civilian victims. One of the victims was a young girl by the name of Anna Rutten. The experiences of the two brothers Joe and John Davidson and their heart friend James H. Perry Memories recalled from written letters back and forth from Joe and Anna after the war. "When we were a hero" is an adjacent war drama, full of action. The film shows a war for young people who are sent to war and shows various ways in which people find to undergo war experiences.
1424 ::: "Xiu Cai Yu Dao Bing" (2015) ::: war ::: One is a tenant farmer, he has a need for life, MA Sanpao; The second is a young master of a rich and influential family, a long-lasting cannon. Ma Sanpao hates a long-lasting and soft look, and long-canted Ma Sanpo can not be impulsive, coarse, rude and uncomfortable. Van Shankhong, Heads of Actress and Blue Dragon Society, Acrissan and Gao Young complicate the situation. The weapons of Japanese troops destroy peace in LAN. In order to resist foreign aggression, they decide their opinions and decide to fight the enemy's shoulder. No matter what they did before they do, they share the same identity at that time. They are attacked and life and death and fight courage and go together. They first stretched. Then they add to the northeastern Japanese combined forces. Since then, they have gradually expanded their efforts and are fighting according to the enemy. By improving their strategies and military forces, they will be the basis of Japanese antivirus fighters and Japanese government. Eventually, they have achieved great military goals. This group of warriors looks at each other like brothers. In fact, they meet with sieeschas, soldiers. Together, they are a non-defeated team in literature and military. This drama reflects the real quality of a unique character set. Its interesting stories, personalized characters, a legend and interesting plot on earth - it is worth everything.
1425 ::: Snaiper 2. Tungus (2012) ::: war ::: World War II - Eastern Front: A new batch of raw, inexperienced female Soviet snipers arrive at the front. To strengthen them, Commander chooses a doctor Tungus, whose people are known for their hunting skills and shooting to fight them. A ruthless duel with an elite German sniper develops soon. The main character is based on the most hot Soviet sniper Semion Nomokonov, who had 367 murders for his credit.
1426 ::: "The Bagley Boys" (????) ::: war ::: After the outbreak of the war in August 1914, the life of 10 men from Bagley-on-the-Wold in rural England changed forever. These men answer their country's reputation and join one of the original "Pals" battalions from Lord Kitchener. Her initial enthusiasm to make "your piece" for king and land soon evaporates when you experience the horrors of the trench war. "The Bagley Boys" follows the life of these 10 men and their families from 1914 to 1918, while they deal with the difficulties of life on the front, the pain of separation from their loved ones and the knowledge that not all of them are home will return.
1427 ::: First Flight (2008) ::: war ::: Guiding days in Siam (Thailand). Lieutenant Colonel Luang Cause was one of the first Thai soldiers to be sent to France to become a pilot. When he returned, Siam, the first Asian country to launch the aviation department, was the pilot of Thai pilots with a commission to fight in World War II.
1428 ::: Cenata na gradot (1970) ::: war ::: The movies that are doing in one small town where Jamani supports the end of the war. But the weight of Russian prisoners make people feed them, the inmates to overcome their guards away. The city of community attempts to save them and Jamani but don't succeed.
1429 ::: "The Bagley Boys" (????) ::: war ::: After the war broke out in August Gust 1914, the lives of 10 men of Bagale-on-the Old Lord have changed forever in Rural England. These men respond to the Call of their country and will join the original "Allies" Battalion of Lord Kitchen. Their initial joy on "to be their beat" for the king and the country will soon evaporate as they will see the horrors of the trench war. "The Buggle Boys" follows the lives of 10 men and their families during the 1914 to 1918 because they face the difficulties of the next life, the pain of being separated from their loved ones and the junowledge that not all of them come back home.
1430 ::: Hajka (1977) ::: war ::: After issuing Chatenics and Destruction to a contract between partisans and Chatniks, an angry biased unit of betrayal, fraud is being broken. A broken group of parties inadvertently leads to the attention of the vandalism, and the Italian people, who made an attack at the headquarters of the Supreme People's Liberation struggle, entered the bloody campaign against wounded, hungry and weak armed parts. In hell, every single hunting beast becomes, and persecutes the animal. In the chaos of destruction, in the desert, in the midst of the rage of death, the son gives birth to the wounded parties, a symbol of the victory of life.
1431 ::: "Yong Bu Mo Mie De Fan Hao" (2011) ::: war ::: Li Chishui is a militia captain. In an unexpected delayed action, he goes to the front and becomes the captain of the battalion in his county. In order to be a good captain, Li Chishui tries everything from improving the training to recruit new members. Thanks to its efforts, its battalion gradually develops. When the Japanese army sweeps the area in northern China, the battalion of Li Chishui is commissioned to delay an elite force of over 30,000 Japanese soldiers at all costs so that the headquarters of the eighth Route Army has given time to transmit. Before he accepts this essential task, Li Chishui makes an inquiry: he wants an official name for his battalion. After this request, Li Chishui leads his battalion forward and dedicates her life to this task. The battalion stays on the battlefield for a few days until they all have nothing to fight and die in battle. A month later, the CPC squad, which assigns this task to Li Chishui battalion, returns to this battlefield. He faces the graves of all soldiers, fulfills his promise to Li Chishui and grants Li Chishuis Battalion a name. He says: "You defend the dignity of the eighth route with your life. Today you give you this name that will take forever! Forever, we will fight for every enemy for China until we drain every drop of our blood."
1432 ::: Broj 55 (2014) ::: war ::: In the fall of 1991, a small group of Croatian soldiers patrols in an improvised armored vehicle. Soon after that, their car will be ambushed and their car will be destroyed, in this position, they were forced to hide in a nearby house. While they are stationed in that house, they will be attacked by rebel Serbs, Serbian Special Forces and the Al -Nahle Future (Yugoslav Army, as it was confirmed as a national army, Yugoslavia). Their resistance to the attackers will take 24 hours while their combat colleagues are trying to try to get them out of there. The film and the story depend on the real events that occurred during the Croatian War of Independence. In the fall of 1991, a small group of Croatian soldiers patrols in an improvised armored vehicle. Soon after that, their car will be ambushed and their car will be destroyed, in this position, they were forced to hide in a nearby house. While they are stationed in that house, they will be attacked by rebel Serbs, Serbian Special Forces and Jana Job (the Yugoslav People Army, is also referred to as the Yugoslav National Army). Their resistance to the attackers will take 24 hours while their combat colleagues are trying to try to get them out of there. The film and the story depend on the real events that occurred during the Croatian War of Independence.
1433 ::: Margery Booth: The Spy in the Eagle's Nest (????) ::: war ::: Margery was with Hitler on his birthday when he was presented with the Tiger tank. As a singer she was able to remember some critical technical data as a song that was sent back to Bletchley Park for decoding through her Hardy Amies controller and for the pleasure of Churchill who then ordered the capture of one. She had a narrow escape while hiding the British aircraft and was eventually caught by the Gestapo on Goering's personal orders after being constantly shady by SS Thug von Müller who eventually tortured her.
1434 ::: Countering Extremism (2009) ::: war ::: Continue to serve interaction. SGT. Tony Ortga should find the SAF Bank operator by making contacts with local village leader. Serial Order: Part 1 - Hearts and Minds Parts - Tribal Event - Back to Han Fisher 10 - Let's Reaching Shipment 11 - After reviewing the action.
1435 ::: Kraljevski voz (1981) ::: war ::: It was 1941 and the German occupied forces seized Yugoslavia, a train traveling train to Krulzevo to the secret Communist Agent carrying important documents. Both the Germans and the police are looking for him on the train, and it seems impossible for him to come to his safe in Krulzevo. His desire to obtain documents for the right persons even through the gun war after the train is challenging him to find a way to complete his mission.
1436 ::: Kapyong (2011) ::: war ::: On April 24, 1951, the Volunteer Army of the Chinese Volunteers led to the Army of the Volunteer Army of the South Korean army, which still dug into a drop of droplets and dug 39 kilometers. At times, sometimes in the length of the weedet, mostly in darkness, individuals, personal abandonment against private ownership and made from the struggle of the cluster of other nations around the world. They fought for the valley and Seoul for ancient and traditional capture. Lost if he had fallen in the southern capital and a war. The United Nations has been a military advantage of the United Nations and military advantages of artillery support: China has completely relied on great numbers. As a result, young men from both sides are very close and very close. The cadent battle has become a face to face Chinese spring's fifth attacks in the spring of China. The purpose of the protection was to take foreign troops from South Korea and the sea. What happened, instead of changed the history of the Korean war. Chinese were not accepted for victory and returned to negotiations. They were successful, another crushed defeat for us led to three of World War II World.
1437 ::: Victory (1913) ::: war ::: The secretary of the Navy orders the U.S.S. Utah to continue to the Republic of Antillas to protect American interests during the approaching revolution. Upon their arrival in Caiman, the most important seaport, commander Benson Lieutenant Ward recommends realizing the interior to Valdiva, the capital, and reporting to the US embassy to keep him informed of the general situation. Upon his arrival, Lieutenant Department Met Minister Gordon and his daughter Helen, with whom he immediately falls in love, but finds a rival in the person of General de la Monte, the Minister of War of Antillas. He also meets a young inventor who has just finished building a hydroplane. While he attends a government ball, Helen General De La Monte is supposed to kill President Martinez and then blow up the American battleship in an attempt to take over the reins of the government in his hands. Helen tells the Lieutenant department of the conspiracy. Before he has the opportunity to thwart these plans, Lieutenant Ward is wrongly arrested for the murder of President Martinez. Minister Gordon ultimately acquires the freedom of lieutenant department, but not on time to prevent the departure of the conspirators. They are prevented from sending a warning by wireless and lieutenant Ward, decide that their only hope lies in making the fifty miles in the Hydroplane flight. The moving image camera that is placed in the Hydroplane itself then shows an exciting race per air and land. Lieutenant Ward, at an altitude of 1500 feet, makes a bold sliding sliding in front of the battleship and hardly reaches there on time to prevent the destruction by a harbor mine that throws a tower of water in the air for two hundred feet. Commander Benson immediately opens fire on the fort and during this exciting fight. Lieutenant Ward asks permission to drop a bomb from the Hydroplane. He does this with deadly results. Without earlier, this battle for the Utah has been attacked by the foreign fleet and there is a spectacular navy struggle that shows that the Utah beats the fleet with the help of bombs from the Hydroplane. The last scenes of this navy struggle show the foreign ships helpless masses of rotated steel with the actual sinks at sea of ​​one of these ships. A wireless reaches com. Benson of the American embassy reports that an uprising has taken place in the city. Com. Benson orders Lieutenant department to save with a group of Mariniers. They involve the revolutionists who surpass them three on one. After a desperate engagement, the Marines charge the foreign batteries and run the enemy. Lieutenant Ward is marching Valdiva to the victorious Marines and saves Minister Gordon and Helen. The last scene shows Lieutenant department to be just as successful in love as at war, when he wins Helen, after which she is presented to the officers and the crew of. The Utah, who encourage her to an ultrasound.
1438 ::: Tren (1978) ::: war ::: The River River is going to a young revolutionary warflower. It was one of the important moments that will leave the sign in his life later. The conflict of the war is motivated by his stomach, his internal conflict. He feels the need to feel with wild people to think about him to think about him. This is the deepest necessity - the need for love, understanding and justice.
1439 ::: Battle of Mortimers Cross (1987) ::: war ::: On February 2, 1461, Edward Mortimer (soon that King Edward IV) led his forces to beat the invading Lancra army a few weeks after the execution of his father and brother. The battle took place on the hills hanging in Herfordshire, where Edward's forces faced a much larger army, but they prevailed in the end, which paved the way for Edward Camvan Corporation. It can be said that it is the most famous battle in the war of roses
1440 ::: "Misija majora Atertona" (1986) ::: war ::: Major Atherton's mission is a three-piece television mini-series. This true story is made up of two episodes that show Hydra surgery. After the fall of the Republic of Uzis and the success of the first offensive of the enemy, the British sent their mission, and this series shows the events and fate of the three operating persons of the British secret service, SOE, led by Major Terence Atherton, who during World War II In early 1942, he reached the then occupied Yugoslavia to determine whether the guerrillas or readings were actually fighting against the occupation forces or against each other.
1441 ::: No Better Place to Die (2019) ::: war ::: During the first three days of Normandy attacks, split 82d is trying to catch and hold important things that make it important in Mordet River. In time, water became blood as he fights.
1442 ::: Beyond Glory (2015) ::: war ::: Set against Vietnam, WWI and Korean war backdrops, Beyond Glory is the eight medal's excitement, emotional and mighty true stories, such as praised forums, TV and film actor Stephen Lang.
1443 ::: Desant na Drvar (1963) ::: war ::: Warm and DRVAR knows like a 'seventh or' final german and the Hitler and Hitler will arrive at all the armies of the army. It is a challenge to the end of the German armies until the end of the May4, soldiers by another parcuation. When most attempts are unparalleled using Yugoslav flying from a plague means, German General Lothar von redesitz comes with new features. Etie Praaroroop will make the rainforest rain in DrVAR and try to hold or remove the Centtan Titan Titan. Soon the Drevar, miles from a study line Tio, supports celebrating Tio and DrVAR's birthday to the festival that causes the war. Warm and DRVAR knows like a 'seventh or' final german and the Hitler and Hitler will arrive at all the armies of the army. It is a challenge to the end of the German armies until the end of the May4, soldiers by another parcuation. When most attempts are unparalleled using Yugoslav flying from a plague means, German General Lothar von redesitz comes with new features. Etie Praaroroop will make the rainforest rain in DrVAR and try to hold or remove the Centtan Titan Titan. Soon, Drevar, the Drevar kilometers from the day's line, supports celebrating the birthday Tio and DrVAR is a movie of the one after the movie, and finish the battle plant.
1444 ::: Black Friday: Dark Dawn II (2014) ::: war ::: In this follow -up film, watch The Black Friday: Dark Dawn Series How The Marine Corps RAW Recreases turns into certified members of the world's most deadly fighting machine. Follow senior drill instructor ssgt nichols and his elite team for an exclusive look behind the scenes in the Boot Camp of the United States Marine Corps. Learn what is needed to earn a position in the most feared and respected military power ever seen. Can you survive the most difficult recruit training that you can imagine?
1445 ::: The Waler: Australia's Great War Horse (2015) ::: war ::: Over 130,000 Australian horses served in the First World War from 1914 to 18.18. Almost 30,000 were engaged in the Middle East. In popularly known as "Walers" and was in the desert sand that her legend was born. They carried their men to victory on the long way to Damascus, but at the end of the war they didn't come home. This is the history of their colonial origin, their brave service and its shameful fate. Horses of the Great War takes us on an epic journey from Australia's outback to the huge Indian ocean to the pyramids of Egypt, the living hell, the Gallipoli and the irreconcilable desert sand of the Middle East. After the catastrophe of Gallipoli and the Ottoman Turks, the Jordan Valley threatened the Suez Canal and the capture of Damascus. This epic desert war could not have been undertaken without the horses or the small army of horse breakers, veterinarians, hoofs, saddlers and feed suppliers who were essential for the storage of thousands of horses on the field and in battle. Intensive bonds between humans and horses developed, and the loss of a horse in the fight was a terrifying experience. For the first time, Great was Horses behind the legend of two celebrated partnerships: Michael Shanahan and 'Bill the Bastard' as well as Guy Haydon and 'Midnight'. And ultimately it shows why our horses didn't come home.
1446 ::: Tufan (1997) ::: war ::: Three old friends working on oil drills have separated after the Iraqi Army attack. After several days in the sea, they again meet each other in Khark Island and take responsibility for exporting oils there. But everyone has their own plans when the enemy will also attack this island.
1447 ::: Tribal Negotiations (2009) ::: war ::: Continuing the interactive film series. The Rural War between Sunni's and Shia's has SGT. Tony Ortega grabs straws to make both shake meet in a common position. Series order: Episode 1 - Hearts and minds Episode 2 - Crossroads Episode 3 - Civil Discord Episode 4 - Tribal Negotiations Episode 5 - Welcome to A'Stan Episode 6 - Anti -Narcotics Episode 7 - Words and Cases Episode 8 - Medicines Extreme Episode 9 - Back to Episode 10 of Horn - Let's make a deal of Episode 11 - after reviewing actions.
1448 ::: Margery Booth: The Spy in the Eagle's Nest (????) ::: war ::: Margery was with Hitler on his birthday when the tiger tank was presented to him. As a singer, she was able to remember some critical technical data as a song that was sent back to Bletchley Park to decode her controller Hardy Amies and to the delight of Churchill, who then ordered the capture of one. She had a narrow escape while hiding British pilots, and was finally caught by the Gestapo on the guests' personal arrangements after she was constantly shadowed by SS Thug by Müller, who was finally tortured.
1449 ::: Tren (1978) ::: war ::: A young man from the banks of the Ibar River goes to the War of Independence. It turns out that it is one of the key moments that will leave his life later. The war conflict runs together with its intimate, internal conflicts. He has the need to think as a person despite the terror surrounding him. This is the deeply embedded need of this man - the need for love, understanding and justice.
1450 ::: Missing Jane (2004) ::: war ::: The story of the B -17 bomber radio operator, which was set in World War II, Missed Jane Gordon Idaho, who joins with new staff when their radio operator is killed on the European sky in 1943. Staff Jane Doo in their first mission and in their first mission, the bomber was shot and crashed in German rural areas. Members of the staff get shelter in an abandoned farming house, where they are struggling to fight the elements, the fear that they will take over one another and Nazis. Idaho will soon find that he has a dark mystery in the house, and he is determined to fix. Will Idaho reveal the mysteries of the past? Will the staff survive behind the enemy ranks?
1451 ::: Combat Killers (1968) ::: war ::: At the end of World War II, an inexperienced US officer, determined to gain himself, lost half of his plot in the bloody battle with Japanese soldiers. While trying to extract his men from his undesirable position, a lieutenant Lieutenant to another enemy force to destroy the remaining soldiers using a good ambush. The officer and a beautiful village are captured, but they are desperately trying to escape their deadly danger to warn Americans.
1452 ::: "Misija majora Atertona" (1986) ::: war ::: Major Athher's mission is a television mini series in three parts. This true story consists of two episodes that Operation Hydra show. According to the case of the Uzice Republic and the success of the first enemy, the Second World War came to what was occupied at the time in early 1942 to determine whether the partisans or chetniks actually fought against the occupation or against each other.
1453 ::: "Da Jue Ze" (2012) ::: war ::: In the summer of 1937, the Japanese launched a comprehensive aggressive war, and Beijing was surrounded by three aspects, at stake. Professor at the University of Boston Wu Mingai, national scientists, regardless of the opposition of yellow orchard lovers, and his assistant Shu Lejuan began firmly on the journey of returning to China. After returning to Beijing, Wu Mingai interfered with the role of Beijing University, for its Japanese military crushing "The Great East Asian Culture Strategy", Leo Jian personally moved White and Winsing, and Chan King Chouang moved a national. Changsha finally arrived in Kunming and protecting a large number of students.
1454 ::: Snaiper 2. Tungus (2012) ::: war ::: World War 2 - Eastern Front: A new batch of inexperienced female Soviet snipers arrive at the front. To strengthen them a commander chooses Tungus Medic that people are known for their game skills and brands to lead them in battle. So develop ruthless duel with a German elite sniper. The main character is based on the best Soviet sniper Semyon NomoKonov who had 367 kills for his credit.
1455 ::: Yuan dong jian die zhan (1992) ::: war ::: In 1937, a Soviet general mistake was the Japanese in Manchukuo and asks back to obtain information that the Japanese bring his family from Russia. This happens and the general will be assigned later to lead a raid of white Russian commands to Russia.
1456 ::: Fireflies at El Mozote (????) ::: war ::: Ermozote's firefly is a persuasive action waram with a strong social relationship, inspired by a true event. It records a sufficiently documented massacre in the village of El Mozote, Morazan in El Salvador. This adult story is followed by a 10 -year -old survivor in his exploration to reissue his family's death and the destruction of his village.
1457 ::: Vostochny koridor (1966) ::: war ::: The Holy Knowledge knowledge "and the events of Soviets, Soviet events of Soviet artists, and become" self-energy. "According to the theater (eg, in other productions) in the 1960s completely that works by state, question of business benefits from movies, although not. There The law called the state and keywords of the state, war, historic, acknowledging not only the model of the audience, but is need for plan "per year. Therefore, no "east coidr" is focusing of the studio "Belarus-films" based on the Soviet time. Finally, the video is not the way he feels to see the principle, and thank him that inspired by hostility is not just workers, but critical practices do. So it's just a surprise and after the shelf, the movie makes "this movie may be the event that occurs during the sunrise (more than a big fight like" Cranes flying "and" Ivan is a child. ") a roof of the video" outsen Valentin Valentin. .
1458 ::: First Flight (2008) ::: war ::: Search days in Siama (Thailand). Luang Luang Luang Yankarn became one of the first Thailands to become a pilot to France. When he returned, Siam became the first country to open an aviation department of Asia, where Thai was able to fight Thai pilots and a pilot to fight World War.
1459 ::: The Battle of Trafalgar (1911) ::: war ::: We show the Lord Nelson leaves a difficult issue since he claims to give her the principle that gives him the interpretation of the boss in their mainspic. We are transported on the day before the war when writing their last letter. Here things are beautiful and beautiful picture to be introduced as a vision of the lovely one of one of the speakers. This allows the introduction of the text's letter of the Nelson's letter to a message for all who pass the sea. We are transported in the morning October-- First, 18.5 years, when looking forward to the enemies. The results are cleared to indicate that they are indicating that any celebration before entering the war. The event that makes the signal "England expects any man to work his work, we show all the life of Nelson's life to have any time of his death. We gets a little person now and learn the same character, for it will enter peace with the war before the war, and now we comes with a wonderful picture of the true war of the trafalgar. We see the boat, the boat caught the life of a hundred, fights and Rejoice, killed in the fall nelson. We can see the character and death of his death; , the message of the triumph and died.
1460 ::: Cross of Steel (2014) ::: war ::: Steel cross is the second world of war on the war on the war. The film follows the view and efforts from German troops. With no political action or third-party agenda. Join us as we appreciate the German war machine analysis and their elite combat tactics and training, mental state and irregular order.
1461 ::: Pohwasokui shibjaga (1956) ::: war ::: Major Kim was cut from his forces after the Chinese forces sank in the Korean war. He gets shelter in an old woman's bar, along with the two American soldiers who injured, but they stay for longer- they danger the life of the elderly woman
1462 ::: 101 (2016) ::: war ::: "101" pays tribute to Abel Guns's movie "J'accuse!" This is considered to be one of the most important Aliver movies in history. Therefore, "101" was generated based on the silent structure. The movie deals with the battle of Tannenberg, which fought in East Prussia in 1914. It ended with a German victory over the Russian army. Paul von Hindenburg, commander of the German Army, has decided to name the battle after the Tannenburg village near the battle, so as a "Tannenberg winner." It would have been done in history. In this way, Germans were trying to blame the history of defeat, which had been struggling in the first battle of Tannenberg in 1410 in 1410 years ago. "101" is also related to today's world. The same hero who plays a historical role in the movie. Their viewpoints in the form of a documentary tablea are immersed in the main plot of the movie according to the subjective music narration, as the characteristic of a quiet movie. "101" is an artistic view of today's world in a specific historical context, and it is meaningful to shoot further product films 101 years after the outbreak of World War I. Is it a problem? And is it even worthwhile to respect the movie "J'accuse!" Mostly sinks in oblivion.
1463 ::: Marcia o crepa (1962) ::: war ::: Commander of the French Foreign Legion is said to collect a unit and capture a leader of Algerian rebels. He gathers in his old unity, many of which are no longer in the best shape. One is having nightmare nightmares, another now drinking, another has lost his nerve. He takes them to catch the leader, but then he cannot make it for collection. He encounters rebel patrol and is caught unless they can escape before their water ends.
1464 ::: Awaiting Time (2005) ::: war ::: The merry takes care of the strongest and care of the bullets, while trying to deal with the fact that her husband is in the war. Being joining his friend's doctor and her neighbor mare, the merry about it is the only way to replace it only by day ... and wait.
1465 ::: Victory (1913) ::: war ::: The United States Maritime Minister Utah is asking to move forward with the Republic of Antils to protect American interests during the imminent revolution. Upon their arrival at Kayman, the prominent leader Benson orders the Lieutenant and I want to move forward to Valdiva and the capital, and to submit a report to the American embassy to keep him advised the general situation. Upon his arrival, Lieutenant Ward Gordon and his daughter Helen, who is located simultaneously in love, meets, but he finds a competitor in the person of General de la Monte, the Minister of Antilla War. It also meets with a young inventor who just finished building a water plane. While attending a government ball, Helen hears General de la Monte, conspiring to assassinate President Martinez, and then bombing an American warship in an attempt to take over the government in his hands. Helen tells Lieutenant Ward from the plot. Before he has the opportunity to thwart these plans, Lieutenant Ward is incorrectly arrested to kill President Martinez. Minister Gordon finally gets the freedom of Lieutenant Ward, but not at the appropriate time to prevent the departure of the conspirators. They are prevented from sending a warning by the wireless and the Putnant, who decides that their only hope is that he is making a trip of fifty miles in water aircraft. The mobile photo camera in the water aircraft shows itself and then an exciting racing by air and land. Lieutenant Ward, at an altitude of 1500 feet, making a bold slide of prevention and barely up there in a timely manner to prevent its destruction by a port mine throwing a tower of water two hundred feet in the air. Leader Banson immediately opens fire on the fort and during this exciting fighting. Liturgy is required to drop a bomb of hydrocklan. He does this with fatal results. This is not soon that this battle is being attacked by the foreign fleet and is an amazing naval battle that shows the state of Utah and defeats the fleet with the help of bombs from water aircraft. The final scenes of this marine battle show the indisputable foreign masses and the mineral steel with actual drowning in the sea from one of these ships. Wireless access. Benson from the American embassy stated that the rebellion had occurred in the city. Com. Benson orders Lieutenant Ward to rescue with a marine infantry company. They share the revolutionaries of more than three to one. After the desperate participation, the infantry of the navy is paid foreign batteries and stole the enemy. The Lievante is going to Valdiva with the victorious Marines and saved Minister Gordon and Hilin. The last scene shows that Lieutenant Ward succeeds in love as is the case in the war, where Helen wins, after which she is presented to the officers and his crew. Utah, who chant it to echo.
1466 ::: Russkaya zhertva (2009) ::: war ::: It is the history of the battle for height 776 on February 29 to March 1, 2000. A paratrooper company of the 76 PSKOV Airborne Division was attacked by superior forces of Czech separatists and foreign mercenaries, trying to avoid envelope.
1467 ::: "Misija majora Atertona" (1986) ::: war ::: Major Acerton's mission is three TV mini series. This true story consists of two episodes indicating Operation HYDRA. After the collapse of the Republic of Ujize and the success of the first enemy's attack, the British sending their mission, showing the events and fate of SOE, three operatives of the British Secret Services. World War II came to Yugoslavia at the time in early 1942 to determine whether Parcisan or Chetnik was actually fighting with the occupation army or each other.
1468 ::: The Samson Option (????) ::: war ::: A biochemical attack on America and Israel leads to the edge of a world apocalypse. Sara Mann, the first American president must fight enemies in the country and abroad while risking all of this in the quest for a singular good will which can stop madness and change the course of history.
1469 ::: Fireflies at El Mozote (????) ::: war ::: The Night Worm in El Musat is a compelling practical war drama, with a strong social importance, inspired by real events. The massacre is well documented by the village of El Musaut, Muranzan Province, Al -Salvador, as the worst atrocity carried out by government forces for civilians in modern Latin American history. At the age of age, the story follows a ten -year survivor in its attempt to revenge on the death of the family and the destruction of its village.
1470 ::: "The Red" (2014) ::: war ::: In 1937, Japanese imperialists launched a brutal war of aggression against China, the Chinese nation has entered a critical period of vital importance. The day of Xu was originally an ordinary small accounting color, an accident that involved a patriot and the Japanese war, the patriotic spirit moved him, so he used his acute mind to help patriots to transport important materials. During this period, he met Jin and Tielin, have complex history and met the beautiful woman Tian Dan. In difficult times, Shanghai's legend, Xu Tian not only witnessed, but will also participate in the important moment of historical change. ......
1471 ::: Black Friday: Dark Dawn II (2014) ::: war ::: On the movie sequel on Friday Friday: Wark Dawn Day, check the waters browse the browsing brisk battlefield. Join the SSGT SSGT teacher and the team to look at the United States Marine Corps Boot Park. Learn what it takes to achieve conditions and the most dangerous soldiers and respected the military. Can you survive hard training?
1472 ::: Fallen Hero (2009) ::: war ::: Lieutenant Colonel Kevin Shea told his wife that he wanted all his men to come home alive before going to Iraq. After the end of his tour, he volunteered until his replacement arrived to ensure the safety of his men. His decision to stay was a large part of the reason why all of his men seemed home, but it also cost him his life. Falls Hero remembers Lt. Col. Kevin Shea and examines how people in the community give back the heroes who have given so much to defend our freedom.
1473 ::: The Volunteer (1944) ::: war ::: After a masterful performance as Othello in a London theater, 'Ralph Richardson (I) (QV) of Fred, his chest of drawers, is asked for an autograph. Shortly later, Fred joined the Fleet Air Arm (Fly Navy) and has become a hero who saved a pilot from his burning aircraft. When Fred goes to Buckingham Palace, it is Ralph's turn to ask for an autograph.
1474 ::: Le 7eme jour de Saint-Malo (1960) ::: war ::: Saint-Malo, Cité Corsaire: ww2 approaches its end and the Germans know that their days are a few island connected to the main righteousness by a narrow tongue of sand. The English prisoner is trying to communicate with the resistance fighters. The German Commander Minister, Solange, helps prisoners to obtain new supplies.
1475 ::: Mirko i Slavko (1973) ::: war ::: It is the year in 1941. WWII. A small place in the heart of Serbia suffered from the German punitive dispatch, which is passed through a small place. Only the children did not even know what the war was ... the German pocket while they did not enter the scene. Between jokes and trouble, children are organized, organize the work and life of the village .... but the worst ... planned and the end of attacks organized on the Germans , leading to tragedy.
1476 ::: Not Another Mistake (1988) ::: war ::: Straker (Richard Norton), a veterinarian from Vietnam with a chip on his shoulder, since his wife and daughter were killed in an invasion of the house. Then he is recruited to return to Vietnam to rescue some Pow/Mia's, including a commander, Harrison. Assuming that he has nothing to lose, he accepts the mission.
1477 ::: Sutjeska (1973) ::: war ::: The battle of Sutjeska, known as the "fifth attack," is the most difficult and most tragic and biggest battle that led the Yugoslavian party in World War II. Chaos, hell, fate, suffering, heroic death, and all the tragedies of Styska are poetic methods, and at the same time explained in this phenomenal way. This movie was made on the 30th anniversary of the battle. This is the most expensive movie in the history of Yugoslavian movies. The battle of Sutjeska, known as the "fifth attack," is the most difficult and most tragic and biggest battle that led the Yugoslavian party in World War II. Chaos, hell, fate, suffering, heroic death, and all the tragedies of Styska are poetic methods, and at the same time explained in this phenomenal way. This movie was made on the 30th anniversary of the battle. This is the most expensive movie in the history of Yugoslavian movies. Nerma Geodel 1943 L'Armata Di Liberazione Jugoslava GUIDATA DA TITO DEVE AFFRONTARE LA QUINTA OFFENSIVA DELLE TRUPPE TEDESCHE. La Lotta Si Rivela Senza Tregua Per riuscire AD APRIRSI UN VARCO NELLA CERCHIA DI FUOCO DEFUOCO DEL NEMICO.
1478 ::: Operation Jericho (2018) ::: war ::: While they serve in the Marine Corps of the United States, two Muslim-American brothers are recruited by the CIA to infiltrate a terrorist cell in Afghanistan; Struggling in the knowledge that destroying the whole village to kill a man will mean the loss of innocent life and true love.
1479 ::: Kony Order from Above (2017) ::: war ::: Two children (Ottti and Aguti) fall in love during the shocked uprising of the northern Uganda of Uganda of Resistance (LRA), but are divided when Ottti was kidnapped at the age of 11. While in the abduction, he tries to escape home again and gets raped with every vain effort. So he decides to stay in the bush with the LRA rebels and quickly enters the inner circle of the infamous LRA rebel leader Joseph Kony. Despite his omission for fame, his love for Aguti remains impatient. In an attempt to support him, Otti wrote to the letter Aguti - who is then attending school at Aboke Girl School - through the village of Reverend. Soon, the LRA leadership takes the smell of communication and the ruthless captain Brown (senior LRA commander) decides to attack the village, grabing everyone in it. The rebels also attack the Aboke Girls school, where Aguti has also been abducted. Upon arriving at the rebellious camp, the kidnappers are shown to be the interest of falling into Aguti immediately, ignorant of the relationship between her and Ottti. He then forcibly takes her as a woman and she becomes his younger wife. However, being in the inner circle approaches Ottti who is a military and the most trusted Kony. Otti then duty with the safety of Kony's last wife Aguti - torn between loyalty to the rebellious cause and his love for him.
1480 ::: Uka i Bjeshkëve të nemura (1968) ::: war ::: UKA is an old Albanian living in a mountain on the border between Kosovo and Albania. As an honorable man, he must deal with his son who became a friend of Italian fascist during World War II. This movie describes events in Kosovo during World War II. It is deceived by Italians who indicate that his partisan has killed his brothers.
1481 ::: Flight 208 (2007) ::: war ::: Test and form & ideas & ideas, he travels in the skies and time, and over millions, roars on the other side, about five minutes. The visible experience makes a hasty situation that shows the condition of life and death of meditation. Dreams, ideas, ideas, the moncue tape (or many things) ... Whatever it takes, it takes a single flight.
1482 ::: Yuan dong jian die zhan (1992) ::: war ::: In 1937, the Soviet Given Extension and Manchurua and Manchuuukua and asked her for Japanese messages bringing Japan to Russia. This is done in general as a general assignment in Russia by Russia.
1483 ::: Pacific Islands (1992) ::: war ::: Ian Wright visits the Pacific Islands of Fiji, Vanuatu and the Solomon Islands. He begins his trip in Fiji, where he is received by a local tribe with a Kava alcohol consumption ceremony. The soft narcotic is often offered to guests as a sign of friendship, and is also used to seal alliances, begin mainly conferences and commemorate births, deaths and marriages. He also divered in the astrolabe reef, which extends useless for 30 km along the east side of the small island north of Kadavu. On the island of Maná de Fiji, Ian feeds sharks with a local man named API. API comes from a family that believes has an affinity with sharks, and has been training sharks to feed it for the past two years. From Mana, Ian flies to Vanuatu, a group of islands baptized the new Hebrides by Captain Cook in 1774. On the island of Ambryn he gathers with the head of a tribe that used to practice cannibalism and witnesses of traditional Rom Dance, where The dancers pretend. be a spirit that lives inside your costumes. Visit the Hallentfrega on the island of Sesivi and Tanna Island, where Yasur volcano goes up. It is the most accessible and active volcano in the world. Ian continues his trip to the Solomon Islands. During World War II, the islands were used as a battlefield between Americans and Japanese, and thousands of ships and abandoned tanks now dirty the country and seas. Ian is going to Gizo, where he immerses himself to Tao Maron, the most intact of all the remains, which still has bottles, writing machines and other daily items that were on board when the ship went down. On Busu Island, Ian observes Shell's money. This traditional currency is still used for bride prices and to solve disputes.
1484 ::: "Povratak otpisanih" (1976) ::: war ::: In the summer of 1944, Prle and Tihi, the young veteran resistance fighters, as well as Joca, ancient radio operator and bad mood, were sent by supporters to Belgrade, the Yugoslav capital still under the Nazi occupation. While the victorious partisan forces are approaching, Prle, Tihi and Joca must continue their underground work in order to prepare the city for the Liberation.
1485 ::: "Perevodchik" (2014) ::: war ::: This is a story of an ordinary man who becomes a hero. Andrey Petrovich Starikov, a chemistry teacher called "Charlie", lives with his wife and mother in an old house. This house is inhabited by many nations people. Among them are the Russians, Ukrainians, Jews, Tatars and Armenians. But when the Nazis enter the city, the life of civilians changes. In order to save his family and friends, Charlie must work as a translator for the Nazis ...
1486 ::: Kony Order from Above (2017) ::: war ::: Two children (Airte and Agsti) are dropped as the Lord's Army (Leth) Driver in Northern Uganda, he is trying to get back from home in the vagina. Rolling with an effortless effort. So he decides to be bubbled with the rebuilding insurgent and soon dispute the bulk of the blind reblogging the avoid attack of the inner rebellion. Despite your privilege with your discretion, with a ugti's failure left for an agitation fail. To keep it, anti-inspiration to the anti-inspiration - that is then going to school at the moon's school - in the case of the village. Soon soon, the leadership of LERE leadership attacked by the arms of his arms to attack the village in the village. Insurgents also attacked the girls' school where the aggregation has been abducted. At the time of competing to the Board camp, kidnappings were shown to the Kank to instantly feeding the benefits of his and the OTTI. He followed by force to take her as a woman and he gets the most young woman. However, in the inner screens close to OTTI to OTTI who is the best and most surely. Otie dates back to the latest security of Kongi's latest woman - the Holy loyal and her love for the rebels.
1487 ::: The Battle of Trafalgar (1911) ::: war ::: We show Lord Nelson leaving the admiralty room, where he makes his famous speech and then gives details of the amazing plan of the attack with his captains, which was done in the letter of Trupalgar, the inspiration of the captains and their enthusiastic Toast. Then we are taken with the first day of the fight when men are writing their last letter home. Here is a beautiful scenic and photographic effect as one of the lieutenants fade to see the sight of the beloved. This gives an opportunity to present the famous episode of the letter in which Lord Nelson recalled the mail ship for a single message and tolerates to the hearts of the cradlers. We are then taken to the morning of October, eighteen hundred and five, when the enemy's fleet is seen. The deck is approved for action and the hoisting of colors is painted with all the seriousness of the occasion before entering the battle. The famous signal "the correct event of England's hoisting" England hopes that every man is painted in a brilliant manner to perform his duty "and is done in every detail, and we are at that time Let's focus on bid farewell to our captains, who was one in A at that time. The presentation of our own death. Now we meet for small human touch in his life and learn the true character of man, because before the fight In his final entry in his diary, he makes peace with his creator. And now we come in that amazing magnificent picture of the actual battle of Triphalgar. We see ships in action, gun firing, caught on fire Goes and then the camera switchs to a close view of the wet deck where human life is sacrificed by hundreds of people, the ridubetel's fighting top, deadly shot and the fall of nelson. We then we then to that amazing character in his death Let's see, all the deaths, beauty and pathos of all being done by Edison players in the grandeur of all this; Captain Hardy, The Last Kiss, The News of the Vrijri and finally his farewell to his death.
1488 ::: Fallen Hero (2009) ::: war ::: The col. Kevin Shea told his wife that he wanted all his men to come home alive before leaving for Iraq. After the end of his tour he is volunteering to stay until his replacement has arrived to ensure the safety of his men. His decision to remain was a big part of the reason all his men made him home, but also worth his life. Fallen Hero remembers the col. Kevin Shea and look at how people in the community are giving back to the heroes they have given so much to defend our freedoms.
1489 ::: "Povratak otpisanih" (1976) ::: war ::: In the summer of 1944, PRL and Teh, the young, in collaboration with the PE resistance fighters, Joka, Old and capital Radio-Operator Puretor, are sent by the party to Belgrade, the capital of Yugoslav, the capital of Yugoslav. As the victorious biased forces are contacted, the PRL, Tehi and Joka must continue their underground work to prepare the city for liberation.
1490 ::: "The Bagley Boys" (????) ::: war ::: At the outbreak of the war in August 1914, the lives of 10 men of Bagley-on-The-Wold were changed in rural areas of England forever. These men answer their country's invitation and join one of the original Lord Ketchner Brigades. Soon their first unseen evaporates in "their bottom" of the king and the country, and they soon evaporate while witnessing the horrors of the trenched war. "The Baagley Boys" follows the lives of these ten men and their families from 1914 to 1918 where they deal with the difficulties of life in the foreground, the pain of separating from their loved ones and knowing that all of them will return to the home.
1491 ::: "The Red" (2014) ::: war ::: In 1937, Japanese imperialists started aggression against China, and the Chinese people passed to a very important stage. XU day was originally painted in a normal small color, "ordinary small" color, a patriotic and Japanese wars, and he touched a patriotic spirit, so he cared for important materials to his acute thought. During this time, he met with a sophisticated, tichelyin and met with beautiful women and met with beautiful women. ...... ......
1492 ::: Bataan (1943) ::: war ::: Japan has just invaded the Philippines and the US army is trying desperate protection. Thirteen men have been chosen to blow up a bridge on the Bataan Peninsula and prevent the Japanese from restoring it.
1493 ::: "Qi jian" (2008) ::: war ::: Heng Yuanhai joins the naval army with high expectations that make contributions to a strong Chinese naval force. Lu Huai, head of the Navy base, appoints Zheng Yuanhai in an abandoned place to test his resolution. However, at the beginning of his training, Zheng Yuanhai is always in conflict with Chen Jianjun, Director of the Naval and Naval Mini Division. Ten years later, Chen Jianjun becomes a master of destruction, and Zheng Yuanhai master of the fregance. In the fight against unknown invasive submarines, the wisdom of Zheng Yuanhai and the courage of Chen Jianjun to come together in the construction of a strong sea defense. However, at the critical moment of the leading captain's campaign, Chen Jianjun's momentary slip results in the escape of unknown submarines. When he removes his army uniform, Chen Jianjun chooses Zheng Yuanhai to realize the great expectations of his generation for him. Zheng Yuanhai, who starts from a university student engaged in the Navy, becomes a leading master after passing through all the hardships and disadvantages, eventually leading a fleet to the blue sea to write a beautiful story about loyalty and health.
1494 ::: The Exploits of the Emden (1928) ::: war ::: A German official asks his wife to join him on the German battleship SMS Emden, then guard the seas in China. As the First World War is cut off, Emden is sued for service and the seamen cannot meet his wife. SMS Emden then helps a sinking passenger ship and the officer discovers that his wife was aboard the wrong lining. It is found among the rescue and the seamen is relieved. After the ship briefly the ports and seamen greets his wife, the cruiser then meets the HMAS Sydney in the battle and is flooded. Fortunately the officer escapes the sinking vessel and reunites with his wife.
1495 ::: "Perevodchik" (2014) ::: war ::: This is a story of an ordinary man who becomes a hero. Andrey Petrovich Starikov, a chemistry teacher called "Charlie", lives with his wife and mother in an old house. This house is inhabited by many nations people. Among them are the Russians, Ukrainians, Jews, Tatars and Armenians. But when the Nazis enter the city, the life of civilians changes. In order to save his family and friends, Charlie must work as a translator for the Nazis ...
1496 ::: "Obratnoy dorogi net" (1971) ::: war ::: The Red Army, who fled from the camp of arrests, is at the request of prisoners, but the uprising is prepared in the planting camp: where the uprising is getting ready and weapons. The commander sends the convoy with his hand, but it may be traitor inside the device.
1497 ::: Jeungeon (1974) ::: war ::: Lieutenant Jung has a weekend plan with his girl, but North Korea's fighter aircraft were suddenly filled in Seoul's sky. It is June 25, 1950; The beginning of the Korean war. Despite the defense of the South, the North Korean army made him the best with high technical weapons. We go from the attack, to regain the area through a cruel fight in all ways. The tragedy of the war told through personal experience.
1498 ::: Five Days of Fire (2007) ::: war ::: Located in the Second World War, Five Days of Fire is a history suspense of an American peloton that crosses the enemy territory to secure a German weapons designer. Captain Casdorph must lead a group of men who is becoming more and more divided. As the enemy tries to hinder his progress from outside, the peloton is tearing from the inside. One of the soldiers, Jimmy Pratt, has to overcome his fear of death to complete the mission.
1499 ::: Combat Killers (1968) ::: war ::: Late during World War II, an inexperienced American officer, determined to win glory for himself, loses half his platoon in a bloody battle with Japanese soldiers. As he tries to extract his people from their uncertain position, Lieutenant bursts into another enemy power that plans to erase other soldiers using a well -placed ambush. The officer and a handsome peasant are captured, but desperately try to escape to warn Americans of deadly danger.
1500 ::: The Exploits of the Emden (1928) ::: war ::: A German officer asks his wife to join him in SMS in a German warship, then she takes the seas in China. With the outbreak of the First World War, EMDEN is called for service and seas unable to meet his wife. Then SMS EMDEN helps a masculine passenger ship and the officer discovers that his wife was on board the fateful lining. It was found between the rescue and the seas. After the ship briefly starts and bid farewell to his wife's seas, the cruiser will then meet with Hmas Sydney in the battle and sink. Fortunately, the officer escapes from the sunken ship and collects him with his wife.
1501 ::: Kapyong (2011) ::: war ::: On April 24, 1951, following a route of the South Korean army, the Chinese people of Chinese army dug their enemy in the Australian and Canadian forces, and 39 km away from the rear. Here, sometimes in the length of the bayonet, often in the entire darkness, a person in the fight between the super power and other countries cluster around the world. They fought for a valley of ancient and traditional invasion of Seoul. If it falls into the south capital and war, it is gone. The United Nations forces have a military advantage of high ground and artillery support: the Chinese rely on the highest numbers. As a result, young people on both sides found a very close and very personal battle. In that Korea's spring, the Capyang war turned to China's fifth attack. The goal of this attack is to finally drove foreign troops from South Korea and to sea. Instead of what happened, the Korean war changed the history of war. The Chinese were denied victory and re -negotiated. If they were successful, another losing defeat towards the US triggered the events that led to the nuclear Holocast in Asia - and the Second World War.
1502 ::: Yuan dong jian die zhan (1992) ::: war ::: In 1937, Soviet General errors and Japanese brought his family from Russia to the Japanese in Manchukuvo. It was completed and then the White Russian commandos were appointed to attack General Russia in Russia.
1503 ::: Param Vir Chakra (1995) ::: war ::: Three friends at the National Defense Academy fall in love with a girl. They diverge as officers from the Indian defense services, one becomes an army officer, the second naval officers and a third as an Air Force officer ... On the birthday of every girl suggested the girl .. The war on the borders was pointed out .. The girl was in love, I want to break their hearts.
1504 ::: Teukgongdaewa dolaoji anhneun haebyeong (1970) ::: war ::: When he was on the Army holiday as award for its valor, the Sergeant organizes a special force made of Circus Acrobates. By deploying them to the sea, Acrobates destroys heavy armed North Korean soldiers, which protect the beach to descend the marines.
1505 ::: Ora X - pattuglia suicida (1969) ::: war ::: When the Germans are allowed to take over an island in the Mediterranean during the Second World War, a team of American soldiers is left to destroy a large radio base. But this is only the start of problems for American troops, civilians and the Germans.
1506 ::: Le 7eme jour de Saint-Malo (1960) ::: war ::: Saint-Malo, Cité Corsaire: WW2 has come to an end and the Germans know that their days are numbered. So lock all men between 18 and 65 in national fort (which is now part of French national trust) on the islet connected with the continent in a narrow language of sand. An Englishman tries to contact the resistant fighters. German commander secretary Solange helps prisoners get fresh supplies.
1507 ::: Black Friday: Dark Dawn II (2014) ::: war ::: In this sequel to The Black Friday: Dark Dawn Series, you can see how the Marine Corps is transformed into certified members of the most fatal fighting machine in the world. Follow Nichols, the Senior Drill Instructor, and his elite team for an exclusive look behind the scenes of the American Marine Corps Boot Camps. Learn what it takes to earn a position in the most dreaded and respected military force that has ever been seen. Could you survive the toughest recruiting that you can imagine?
1508 ::: Fallen Hero (2009) ::: war ::: Lieutenant-Colonel Kevin Shea told his wife that he wanted all of his men to go home before he left for Iraq. After the end of his visit, he volunteered to stay until the arrival of his replacement to ensure the safety of his men. His decision to stay was a large part of the reason why all his men returned home, but it also cost him his life. Fallen Hero remembers Lieutenant-Colonel Kevin Shea and examines how people in the community give heroes who have given so much to defend our freedoms.
1509 ::: Tren (1978) ::: war ::: A young man from the bank of the Ibar River goes to the revolutionary war. It turns out to be one of the main moments of leaving markers to his life. The war dispute runs along with his close, internal differences. He feels the need to think as a human being despite the horror conditions around him. This is the deepest embedded need for the man - the need for love, understanding and justice.
1510 ::: Kapyong (2011) ::: war ::: On April 24, 1951, after a defeat from the South Korean army, the volunteer Chinese army continued its enemy on the lines of the Australian and Canadian forces that still dig autumn defenses, 39 km away. Here, sometimes along a spear, it is often in complete darkness, the individual was incited against the individual in a struggle between a great power and a group of other countries from all over the world. They fought for Wadi, the old and traditional route to Seoul. If the southern capital and the war fall, it is lost. The United Nations forces had a military advantage to support high land and artillery: the Chinese have relied entirely on largely superior numbers. As a result, young people from both sides found a battle that was very close and personal. The battle of Kapyong has become the turning point of the fifth attack in China in the spring of Korea. The goal of the attack was to finally get foreign forces out of South Korea and to the sea. What happened instead, other than the history of the Korean war. The Chinese were deprived of victory and were forced to return to negotiations. If they succeeded, it would have caused another crushing defeat to the United States in causing events that led to a nuclear Holocaust in Asia - and the Third World War.
1511 ::: The Exploits of the Emden (1928) ::: war ::: A German officer asks his wife to join him with the German battleship -SMS Emden and then patrol it in China. When the First World War breaks out, the Emden is called to work and the sailor cannot hit his wife. The SMS Emden then helps a falling passenger ship and the officer discovered that his wife was on board the unfortunate liner. It is among the rescued and the sailor is relieved. After the ship briefly the ports and the sailor, his wife says goodbye, the cruiser then hits the HMAS Sydney in battle and is sunk. Fortunately, the officer escapes from the falling ship and is reunited with his wife.
1512 ::: La lunga notte dei disertori - I 7 di Marsa Matruh (1970) ::: war ::: When Africa Corps German destroys allied lines in North Africa in 1942 during World War II; A group of British soldiers are determined to return to their lines. Taking survivors of allies along the way, their journey is full of danger and the Germans at every turn.
1513 ::: "Povratak otpisanih" (1976) ::: war ::: In the summer of 1944, Prle and Tihi, young but veteran resistance fighters, along with Joka, an old and tuned radio operator, were sent by partisans in Belgrade, the capital of Yugoslav still under Nazi occupation. As the winning guerrilla forces approach, Prle, Tihi and Joca must continue their underground work to prepare the city for liberation.
1514 ::: "Zhan Lei" (2013) ::: war ::: Gao Day, a rebellious rookie, who cannot adapt to military life, has been appointed to the mountain fixing team where he meets a veteran with special skills named Lynn Feng. Gao Day and Lynn Feng gradually become good friends. In order to guarantee the safety of the life and property of people living on the border, the army organizes the action of the mine and climatic action. Therefore, Gao Day and Lynn Feng go to clear mines for the local people, contributing a major contribution to the eradication of mines in this area. After the action, they join the mining action group to distinguish the border, open the passage of border demarcation with their comrades, eradicate the mining fields around the new borderline tablets and guarantee the safety of the staff involved in the border demarcation, thus successfully fulfilling the significant task on rising border tablets. As he clears Mini, Lynn Feng sacrifices his life for children living on the border. After the death of Lynn Feng, Gao Day inherits his will and became an excellent peacekeeping soldier through heavy training and work that composes the heroic song of the modern Chinese soldier with his blood and sweat.
1515 ::: Sgt. Dondi (1980) ::: war ::: Join the army, see the world. Join the army, see clay. Sgt. Donny and his men on a mission. Important to do what is uncertain. See Dondi Trudge through South Asia's jungles, which leads to eccentric characters such as Hollywood, Psycho, Dago and Scout. Will they reach their goal? Will you be successful? Check the package in order.
1516 ::: Wunderland (2017) ::: war ::: Christmas 1944, the Germans, make a final pressure against a fellow army attacked in the west. Lieutenant Robert Capa and his 2nd infantry department soldiers have been ordered to hold an important route junction against German invaders. CAPA and his men must find their faith and power to remain against their enemy in the fight of epic.
1517 ::: Maria's Song (????) ::: war ::: Miaria says to a bright man, having a thirteen-year-old lady, his own hero George, as they fell in the ability to imagine.
1518 ::: "Misija majora Atertona" (1986) ::: war ::: The mission of the Major Atherton is a television mini-series in three parts. This true story is made of two episodes that show Operation Hydra. After the fall of the Republic of Uzis and the success of the first enemy aggressive, the British sent their mission and the series reflects the programs and fate of three henchmen of the British Secret Service, under the leadership of Major Terence Atherton, which, during which, Second World War, in early 1942, Yugoslavia was captured at that time to determine whether the biased or conscious was actually fighting against or against each other against or each other.
1519 ::: Awaiting Time (2005) ::: war ::: Mary is strengthened and left for care for Joel, while trying to deal with the reality that her husband is in war. Together with his friend Frank and his neighbor Pearl, Mary begins to understand that the only way to make it through deployment is just to live day -day ... and wait.
1520 ::: La lunga notte dei disertori - I 7 di Marsa Matruh (1970) ::: war ::: When German Africa Korps smashed through the Allied lines in North Africa in 1942 during the Second World War; A group of British soldiers is determined to return to their own lines. On the way more Allied survivors record, their journey is full of danger and Germans.
1521 ::: Param Vir Chakra (1995) ::: war ::: Three friends at the National Defense Academy fall in love with a girl. They go through as Indian Defense Services officers, one becomes an army officer second by the seafarers and the third as an air force officer ... on birthday Girl everyone wants to propose the girl .. the fight against the borders was prominent .. the girl was in love with the maritime officer who decides not to hurt anyone as they will fight the war for the nation .. she did not want to break their hearts .. fight breaks .. love for the nation becomes supreme for all of them ...
1522 ::: Kony Order from Above (2017) ::: war ::: Two children (Otti and Agutti) fall in love during the Northern Uganda Lords Resistance Army (LRA) rebellion, but when Otty is abducted at the age of 11, it is separated. Busted with each fruitless effort. So he decides to stay in the bush with LRA rebels and soon introduced the infamous LRA rebel leader Joseph Kony's internal command circle. Despite his concession for infamous, his love for Agooti is unaffected. In an attempt to maintain this, Otty wrote a letter to Agutti - who is then attending the school in Abok Girl's school - through the village Reverend. Soon, the LRA leadership gets the wind of communication and ruthless Captain Brown (High Commander of LRA) decided to attack the village, kidnapped all in which they were kidnapped. The rebels also attacked the Abok Girls School, where Agutti was abducted. On arriving at the rebel camp, the kidnappers are shown to the Koni, whose interest is unaware of the relationship between him and the OT, immediately on the side. She then forcefully takes her as a wife and she becomes her youngest woman. However, being in the inner circle, he finds close to the OT, which is coincidentally Kony's favorite and most reliable soldier. The OT is then tasked with the safety of Koni's latest wife Agutti - to torn the rebellious cause between loyalty to the cause and her love for her.
1523 ::: Hajka (1977) ::: war ::: After chetniks and destruction were issued to an agreement between the partisans and the Chetniks, a partisan unit that is annoyed by betrayal, the deception is broken. A single group of partisans caught the attention of the attention of the chetniks and the Italians through the shelter. In this hell, everyone becomes a hunted animal and the animal that follows. In the chaos of destruction in the desert in the middle of the death of death, partisans wounded the son, a symbol of triumph of life.
1524 ::: "Feng lei dong" (2013) ::: war ::: The story focuses on lenses, a great merchant family in Harbin in the 1920s and 1930s. At that time, the brutal Japanese soldier spread the virus to Harbin. In a very cruel means, they treat the Chinese as the "test field". Len leads people to fight Japanese soldiers. LENGS collapses because the mystery of the origin of LENGS has been revealed. However, the three sons protect their families and make a big difference in saving the country. At the same time, they are also involved in complicated emotional confusion.
1525 ::: First Flight (2008) ::: war ::: The pioneering days of Siam (Thailand). Lieutenant-Colonel Luang Kaj Yuthakarn was one of the first Thai soldiers who were sent to France to become a pilot. On his return, Siam was the first Asian country to open an aeronautical service where the Thai pilots with a commission were able to become a pilot to fight during the First World War.
1526 ::: Tren (1978) ::: war ::: A young man from the Ibar river banks goes to the revolutionary war. It turns out to be one of the main moments that later leave marks on his life. The conflict of war follows along with his intimate internal conflicts. He feels the need to think as a human being despite the horrors that surround him. This is the deeply incorporated need of this man-the need for love, understanding and justice.
1527 ::: Param Vir Chakra (1995) ::: war ::: Three friends of the National Defense Academy fall in love with a girl .. They pass as officials of Indian Defense Services, one Army officer becomes the second Naval officials and the third as an Air Force Officer ... on the birthday of the girl wants to propose every girl. The war on the borders was famous .. The girl was in love with the Naval Officer, because they decide to cause anyone to suffer because they would fight war for the nation .. It was not wanting to break their hearts. . Love for the nation becomes supreme for all ...
1528 ::: Tren (1978) ::: war ::: A young man on the banks of the Ibber river goes into a revolutionary war. This is one of the important moments that will later leave marks on their lives. The war struggle moves with their intimate, their own internal conflicts. He feels the need to think as a human being despite his surrounding horrors. This man has a deep embedded requirement - love, understanding and justice.
1529 ::: The Volunteer (1944) ::: war ::: After a prominent performance like Othello at the London Theater, "RICHARDSON (I)" (I) (I) (I) is required to sign a unique sign, his wardrobe. After a short period, Farid joined the Fly Navy's atmosphere, became a hero, and rescued a pilot from his burning plane. When Farid goes to Buckingham Palace, Ralph's role is to request his signature.
1530 ::: Missing Jane (2004) ::: war ::: Situated during World War II, missing is the story of Gordon Idaho, a Bomba B-17 radio operator, which is introduced with a new crew when their radio operator is killed in the European sky in the winter of the year 1943. The crew from Jane Doe is a tough group to adapt to and in their first mission together, the bomb falls and clashes in the German village. The surviving crew members house in an abandoned house on the farm, where they fight to fight the elements, one another and the fear of capturing the Nazis. Idaho quickly reveals that the house contains a dark mystery-one that he is determined to solve. Will Idaho reveal the secrets of the past? Will the crew survive after the enemy lines?
1531 ::: ArmA: Armed Assault (2007) ::: war ::: A small piece of the US Army has been sent to the Atlantic Island of Saharan for the purpose of helping to train the military of a local American -pro -monarchy. The state of South Saharani, rich in natural resources, has always been conflicting with its northern neighbor, the Democratic Republic of Saharani. However, in recent years, the situation has settled in an unhealthy yet peaceful coexistence. But the training of southern troops by Sahara's Democratic Republic US as a threat. When they find out that the U.S. When the soldiers have completed their deployment and are about to exit, they are preparing to strike a north while the wrong understanding of security still occupies the minds of their southern neighbors.
1532 ::: When We Were Heroes (2005) ::: war ::: "When we were a hero" is a war movie (without budget) played and produced by people 12 to 20 years. Without any professional assistance or professional actors. The idea was to devote a film to those who fought in the battle called Operation Market Garden. Three young men from the 101 air division that plunged to the Netherlands on September 17, 1944. Market Operation Garden The biggest military action after D-Day. The soldiers are confronted with occupied villages on their mission and face German soldiers and civilian victims. One of the victims of a young girl named Anna Rutin was. The experiences of the two brothers Jo and John Davidson and their close friend James H. "When we were a hero" a dramatic drama of war is full of action. The film shows what a war for young people who are sent to war and show various ways that people find war experiences.
1533 ::: Geojedo: The 3rd Frontline (2017) ::: war ::: Geojedo P.O.W camp was created in 1950 at the end of the Korean War. However, all prisoners were Korean, however, they were dismantled by two ideologies - communism and capitalism and entered into the struggle of each other. In 1952, Communist prisoners kidnapped General Dodd, the head of the camp, to negotiate their return to North Korea. The leadership of the integrated forces in Korea-the United States decided to infiltrate the private agent Hussiion Kim to save the general and put out riots. "Macro Studio Graph" produced the kidnapping incident in Geojedo P.O.W, CAMP in 1952 as the first person (FPV) interactive cinematic contents through the cinematic trend and the element of interaction with the audience.
1534 ::: Zvezde su oci ratnika (1972) ::: war ::: When a soldier's death, a star was born and we die when we were born from a group of stars. Little children are amazing with the story of ancient legends and elderly stories, people replace their signatures and put them in front of the German pipeline.
1535 ::: Seulpeumeun jeobyeoldeulegedo (1978) ::: war ::: North Korean army is forced to be forced in the city instead of the locals. Man-Bok, a fool, and then turn the door of his victory, and changes the heart when killing a boy and hears his parents.
1536 ::: When We Were Heroes (2005) ::: war ::: "When we are heroes" from 12 to 20 years old and produced a military film. Without any professional assistance or professional actors. This idea is a movie for those who fight in a battle called the Battle of Operations Market Score. On September 17, 1944, three young men of the 101st Air prestige were deeply down into the Netherlands; The beginning of the operating market, the largest military events after D-day. The soldiers were conquered by the villages about their mission to Eindhoven and meet with German troops and civic victims. One of the victims was a young girl named Anna Ru. Two Brothers Joe and John Davidson and their close friend and their close friend James H. After the war, perry memories remembered the letters written by the university and Anna. War drama is a wartime drama when we'd have heroes. The film reflects what war to take the young people to war and to pass the way people to pass by war experiences.
1537 ::: Bataan (1943) ::: war ::: Japan has just invaded the Philippines and the American army attempts a desperate defense. Thirteen men are chosen to blow up a bridge over the Batan peninsula and prevent the Japanese from rebuilding it.
1538 ::: "Xiu Cai Yu Dao Bing" (2015) ::: war ::: There is a tenant farmer who has only life's requirements, Ma Sanapa; Another is a rich and influential family, a young master of a long kian. Ma Sunpao hate to see the weak and gentle appearance of the long kian, while the long -standing Kian cannot stand the passage of the Sunpa's impulses, rude and nt. Join an actress Van Shanong and the head of the Blue Dragon Society Gao Jnan makes the situation more complicated. The shootings of Japanese troops breaks the peaceful life in LVSHU. To resist foreign invasion, they put their emotions on the side and chose to fight the enemy's shoulders to the shoulders. No matter what they used to do, they all share the same identity at the moment, which is a soldier. They boldly fight the invasion of the military who passed through the test of life and death. They are the first stragglers. Then they join the anti -Japanese United Forces. After that, they gradually expand their force and are constantly fighting the enemy. By improving their strategies and military power, they become the back of the anti -Japanese fighters and the anti -Japanese anti -Japanese power. Eventually, they obtained significant military functions. This group of fighters treat each other as brothers. In fact, they are just like Ziukai's soldiers. Along with, they are an invaluable team that is best in both literature and military. The play shows the true quality of the unique set of the hero. It is worth seeing its interesting stories, personal characters, down-to-wealth legend and interesting conspiracy.
1539 ::: Operation Blackbird (????) ::: war ::: During the WWII, the agency called waves teach women to special options. Their group is placed in a mission called BlackBird operation. After the war they hunt with former colleagues and enemies. They had to leave them alone.
1540 ::: Lady from Chungking (1942) ::: war ::: In Japanese China, Madame Kwan May is the leader of a resistance organization based in a village village. When two US pilots were removed near the village, she plans to save them and make them help her organization. Then, when Japanese General Kaimura arrives in the village, she realizes that it is an inevitable major surgery. She decides to introduce himself as an aristocrat to win the general's confidence and to learn his plans.
1541 ::: "Zhan Lei" (2013) ::: war ::: Gao Deng, a rebellious recruit that cannot adapt to military life, is assigned to the Fix squad in the mountains, where he meets a veteran with special abilities called Lin Feng. Gao Deng and Lin Feng gradually become good friends. In order to ensure the security of life and ownership of the people living on the border, the army organizes a mine clearance campaign. Therefore, Gao Deng and Lin Feng go to clear mines for the locals and make a major contribution to the extermination of mines in this area. After the campaign, join the mining action group for the border delimitation, open the border delimitation with their comrades, eliminate the minefields around the new border tablets and ensure the safety of the personnel involved in the border delimitation in order to successfully complete the significant task of border tablets erect. As he clears mines, Lin Feng sacrifices his life for the children who live on the border. After Lin Feng's death, Gao Deng inherits his will and becomes an excellent peace safety soldier through hard training and work, which puts a heroic song of contemporary Chinese soldiers with blood and sweat.
1542 ::: Sgt. Dondi (1980) ::: war ::: Join the army, see the world. Join the army, see clay. Sgt. Donny and his men on a mission. Important to do what is uncertain. See Dondi Trudge through South Asia's jungles, which leads to eccentric characters such as Hollywood, Psycho, Dago and Scout. Will they reach their goal? Will you be successful? Check the package in order.
1543 ::: The Samson Option (????) ::: war ::: In America and Israel, the biochemical attack leads to the top of the global apocalypse. Sara Mann, the first US President, must fight enemies at home and abroad.
1544 ::: Kraljevski voz (1981) ::: war ::: It is 1941 and the German occupation forces are taking over Yugoslavia, making a train trip to Kraljevo a dangerous game for a secret communist agent that carries important documents. Both the Germans and the police are looking for him on the train, and his safe arrival in Kraljevo seems an impossibility. His determination to take documents to the right people keeps him underway, even through a shooting after the train arrives, challenging him to find a way to complete his mission.
1545 ::: Opasni put (1963) ::: war ::: In the last days of WW2, two former Yugoslavia children manage to escape the Nazi concentration camp. They start a long and dangerous journey at home.
1546 ::: When We Were Heroes (2005) ::: war ::: "When we were a hero" is a war film (no budget) that had acted and produced from those aged 12 to 20. Without any professional help or professional players. The idea was to make a film dedicated to those who fought in the battle called Operation Market Garden. Three young men of the 101 division at the airport they landed deep in the Netherlands occupied on September 17, 1944; Operation market garden the largest military action after day D. In their mission to Eindhoven the soldiers meet busy villages and are confronted with German troops and civilian victims. One of the victims was a young girl by the name of Anna Rutten. The experiences of the two brothers Joe and John Davidson and their heart friend James H. Perry Memories recalled from written letters back and forth from Joe and Anna after the war. "When we were a hero" is an adjacent war drama, full of action. The film shows a war for young people who are sent to war and shows various ways in which people find to undergo war experiences.
1547 ::: Operation Blackbird (????) ::: war ::: During the WWII, an agency called waves trains women in special Ops. Group of them are deployed on a mission known as the Blackbird operation. After the war, they are hunted by former colleagues and enemies. They should have left them alone.
1548 ::: Russkaya zhertva (2009) ::: war ::: It is the story of the battle for the height of 776 on February 29 - 1 March 2000. A Paratroopers Company in the 76 -mobile PSKOV was attacked by superior forces from Chechnya and foreign mercenaries, in an attempt to avoid envelope.
1549 ::: Hurricane: Squadron 303 (2019) ::: war ::: Hurricane (Squadron 303) is the story of a group of courageous posts who fought in the sky on England during the Second World War, not only to keep Britain free of the Nazis, but also to keep Life itself the very idea of ​​their own country, which had existed in its modern form for barely twenty years before being crushed between the opposite jaws of Germany and Russia. Equipped with the almost obsolete hurricane and (with a certain initial reluctance) given Blue Raf uniforms, while they were fighting, Poland lived. 1940. Great Britain is alone in Europe against the growing coloring of the Ramper Nazi Empire, its nervous inhabitants wondering what the future has in store for us. But a handful of people on this besieged island know only too well what possible future could contain. They saw Warsaw Burning, the strikes in Poland, the capitule of France. Men like Jan Zumbach, Witold Urbanowicz, Miroslaw Feric and Tolo Lokuciewski, Polish air army pilots, who know that if the Luftwaffe is not stopped, then Poland, Holland and France n ' were that Hitler's Ouvre. They are therefore ready to fight, if they receive planes. The problem is that the British do not trust the "bloody posts". And therefore the pilots, foreigners in what seems very strange land indeed, will indeed be in a few months to fight several wars at a time - with the xenophobia of the authorities and the public, with the language, the fighters of 'Unknown hurricane, with the battle - Luftwaffe hardened. But once they are made reluctantly by the RAF, Polish fighters show what they can do, outside - shooting the enemy and taking out their allies. The former British in the past hostile, Polish leaflets as heroes - Saviors, even. Now, however, Poles have a fresh enemy-themselves, because nerves and fatigue have a terrible impact on men pushed to the limit by a constant air war, fighting to save their own country above foreign land. Not everything will do. Not all friendships will survive. And when it is finished, Jan Zumbach will contemplate a Pyrrhic victory, while Poland is given to the puppets of Stalin.
1550 ::: Blood Army (2010) ::: war ::: These are threatened over the years, tensions rise and complained and tested. Parts fall in place; The war is undoubtedly because the forces of goodness and evil now, because they prepare for the destruction to destroy all others and decided about the fate of the earth and his inhabitants ...
1551 ::: Words and Deeds (2009) ::: war ::: We will continue the interactive movie series. SGT's Tony Ortega and his team will provide medical support and correct the village water purifiers to get information about missing Army SOF operators. Series Order: Episode 1-Heart and Mind Road Episode 2-Cross Road Episode 3-Civil Convention Episode 4-Tribal Negotiations Episode 5-A'STAN Episode 6-Welcome to Antiamant Episode 7-Action 8- Extremist Episode 8- Extremist Episode Compatible with 9 -Return to Horn Episode 10 -Let's make a trading episode 11 after the action review.
1552 ::: "Perevodchik" (2014) ::: war ::: This is a story of an ordinary man who becomes hero. Andrey Petrovich Starikov, a chemist nickname "Charlie", lives with his wife and mother in an old house. This house lives by many countries. Among them are Russians, Ukrainians, Jews, tartars and Armenians. But when the Nazis enter the city, civilian life changes. To save his family and friends, Charlie has to work as a Nazi translator ...
1553 ::: Tribal Negotiations (2009) ::: war ::: Continuing a movie system. The city war between the Sunni and Shia has SGT. Tony Ortangers are attractive to the trash to get both shies to meet him. Method: chart 1 - Heart and Armys 2 - Crossroads of Estade 8 - Standing and Figure 8 - Return to the competition - after checking.
1554 ::: Operation Blackbird (????) ::: war ::: During World War II, the agency called Waves teaches women in special options. A group of them are deployed on a mission known as the Blackbird operation. After the war, they are hunted by former colleagues and enemies. They had to leave them alone.
1555 ::: Cenata na gradot (1970) ::: war ::: Films are in a small town where the German war is getting ready to retreat at the end of the war. But a carload of Russian prisoners gets to feed them, then the prisoners get away from their guard and run away. The people of the city try to protect them from Germans but do not succeed.
1556 ::: "Obratnoy dorogi net" (1971) ::: war ::: The major of the Toporkov Red Army, having escaped from the prison field, is in the partisan unit with the request of the prisoners: the uprising is preparing in the field, weapons are needed. The commander sends a convoy with weapons, but there may be a traitor inside the unit.
1557 ::: The Crimson Wing (1915) ::: war ::: Count Ludwig von Leon and Al -Ram, a German army officer, meet with Margaret Clearon, the actress, while in a watering place on the France border line. Located in his love and reveals her feelings. He rejects it so much that she loves him more. Later, Count Marcel de Limbach, the daughter of the French general, who knew him in childhood. It falls deeply in love. While he is still flirting with it, the war between Germany and France explodes and is called again to his leadership. Marcel is a patriot and goes forward with her father. She leads soldiers from the German Scouts Party when the officer is killed. It was captured by the Count, who safely sends it to the French Airlines. Paul Darblay, a spy, is one of the suitor from Mlle. Cleron, who hates. He swears that he will enter it into his strength. It joins the French army as the Red Cross nurse. On the battlefield, you find the wounded count and its nurse until it is almost recovered. Then he arranged to return him to his leadership. Erlai discovers this and threatens to condemn the count as a spy unless his desires result. She agreed to save the count, and promised to meet him in her nearby aunt's house. He goes there in that evening and finds her dead. She kept her promise, but she takes poison instead of being subjected to it. Marcel meets after the war ends and is engaged.
1558 ::: "Da Jue Ze" (2012) ::: war ::: In the summer of 1937, the Japanese, the Japanese invented the war, spoken on three areas, was in danger. Professor of the University of Mingtatai palliets, despite the Calltics to love those who love, and his legendary movement moves in China. When he returns to pending, build my carge colleent pelitereiti, moving down and moved to the university to change the University who changed the Kunna, the protection of many students.
1559 ::: Param Vir Chakra (1995) ::: war ::: Three friends at the National Defense Academy fall in love with one girl. Air Force Officer ... In the birthday of the girl each must propose the girl .. The war at the borders was eminent .. The girl was in love with the naval officer who decides that It does not hurt anyone since they are fighting the war for the nation .. she did not want to break their heart .. the war breaks .. love for the nation becomes supreme for everyone ...
1560 ::: "Top Secret Level 18" (2011) ::: war ::: High level of secrecy 18 is a narrative film that explores 18 true stories that took place in Ukraine during World War II. They passed under the "Top Secret" stamp in Soviet secret service documents. The film reveals 18 terrible incidents that are documented by revealing evidence and evidence of eyewitnesses. These are events that help to bring about an understanding in the field of existing lies about World War II. The international public is aware of the crimes committed by Nazi Germany, but makes less sense for the crimes committed by Stalin and his generals against his people. The truth was buried for a long time while the USSR and Stalin announces the victory in the war.
1561 ::: Tribal Negotiations (2009) ::: war ::: Continuing a movie system. The city war between the Sunni and Shia has SGT. Tony Ortangers are attractive to the trash to get both shies to meet him. Method: chart 1 - Heart and Armys 2 - Crossroads of Estade 8 - Standing and Figure 8 - Return to the competition - after checking.
1562 ::: The Waler: Australia's Great War Horse (2015) ::: war ::: More than 130,000 Australian horses served in the Great War 1914-18. It was approximately 30,000 fiancées in the Middle East. Known as "Wales", in the desert sand, their legend was born. They carried their men to beat the long road to Damascus, but at the end of the war they did not return home. This is the story of their colonial origins, their delicious service, and their shameful fate. The Great War horses take us on an epic journey of remote areas in Australia, across the vast Indian Ocean, to the pyramids of Egypt, the living hell that was Gallipoli, and the unforgiving sands of the Middle East. After the Gallipoli disaster, and with the threats of the Ottoman Turks the Suez Canal, the Australian light horse regiments will be completed by a three -year campaign to lead the Turks from Sinai and Palestine, and reached its climax in the "great journey" through the Jordan Valley and the arrest of Damascus. It was not possible to make this epic desert war without horses, or the small army of horse -cutting, veterinarians, flowers, sins and feed suppliers who were necessary to maintain thousands of horses in the field and prepare battle. Intensive bonds developed between humans and horse, and horse loss in the battle was a horrific experience. For the first time, the Great War horses are behind the legend of two famous partnerships: Michael Shanshan, "Bill threw", Jay Hydeon and "midnight". In the end, it reveals why our horses did not return home.
1563 ::: Vostochny koridor (1966) ::: war ::: The philosophical parable "East Corridor" was created during the "dilutation" decline, although Soviet artists were meter and censored, still "breathing of freedom". In the 1960s, the film industry (in fact, and other product) belongs to the state, despite the agenda, the question of commercial gain from the rent of images, but not completely dominated. There are so -called state orders on important aspects of state ideology such as revolutionary, military, historical and biography. It is logical to allow not only spy ware detective in the framework of military subjects but also for the first images that are not designed for mass audiences, but are important for the annual "plan". Therefore, there is no doubt that the studio is in the background of the "Belarus-Film" based on the normal bias of the "Eastern Corridor", the Soviet people's heroism during the occupation. In the end, the film was not a way to wait to see the boss, and not only the party officials, but also the most liberal critics, with hostility. So after spending two years on the shelf, the film "Eastern Corridor" is still called "limited release" in 1968 ... The film will be successful for any Western festival at the end of the 1960s. The best directorial talent was not given to open and he had to go to "normal cinema" ...
1564 ::: "Voennaya razvedka. Severnyy front" (2012) ::: war ::: "War Intelligence Service: Northern Front" is a prequel to season 1. tells us about scout crew formation and shows its actions on the northern front before the beginning of The Finnish war and during it. They will explain the actions of the Finnish artillery on the border with the Soviet Union and witnesses who do not want the first shot in the territory of the house. They will notice a camp where German teachers train agents for infiltration in the territory of the USSR. They will also explode the portal to prevent flooding of our troop positions in the manner line. And they will get even with a "killer officer", the elusive Finnish sniper ...
1565 ::: Tufan (1997) ::: war ::: Following the Iraqi army attack three old friends working on an oil drill are separated. After many days at sea they meet each other again on Khark Island and take responsibility to export oil there. But each has its own plans while it is sure that the enemy will also attack this island.
1566 ::: "Povratak otpisanih" (1976) ::: war ::: In the summer of 1944, Prle and Tihi, the young resistance fighters, along with JOCA, Old and Moody Radio-Operator, are still being submitted by the Nazis to Belgrade, the capital of Yugoslavia. As the victorious party's forces approach, PRLE, TIHI and JOCA must continue their underground work to prepare the city for freedom.
1567 ::: Flight 208 (2007) ::: war ::: An experiment in style & thinking, it travels in place and time, in just 5 minutes, cutting in cultures and countries, over two hundred people. The speed of life and a rapid audiovisual experience that reflects logical death around us. A dream, an idea, cutting mono (or multi-log) ... it takes it on a very unusual plane.
1568 ::: Red Army Heroes (1990) ::: war ::: In 1948, the Army in the Internal Personnel Zhong Feng (Chen Feng) to participate in the enemy's military conference, which the enemy plot has not yet opened, its night Chuangji section to be surrounded by the enemy, the dawn with the LIU XIA rescue underground party. Zhong Feng driving the car to the screwed traffic station. Spy was persecuted, Zhong Feng unfortunately shot, jumped to the rolling yellow river ... ... Zhong Feng was rescued under the river north of our army, the enemy's temporary expense to tell the enemy to leave the north to escape recently, and to exploit the yellow river bridge. The local government and military leaders celebrated a commemorative ceremony for the comrades of Zhongfeng, Zhongmu, Zhongqiang eliminate the tears of their loved ones, to join the liberation of Zhengzhou in support of the previous work. The headquarters of the field army immediately telegrased the president of Xibaipo, Mao, the CPC Central Military Commission that the time to mature, and immediately issued the order to free Zhengzhou. Central Plains Field Army, three, four, nine columns in Xuegang, Laoya Chen fled the enemy in the north to fight the bloody battles, the correspondent Liu Causeway, the commander of the Hou Yu company in all the heroic sacrifice. After 24 hours of fierce fighting to defend the second Asian, the first railway bridge of the Yellow River in China, eliminated more than 15,000 enemies. Zhengzhou victory over battle.
1569 ::: Awaiting Time (2005) ::: war ::: She leaves Mary to be strong and interested in Joel, while trying to deal with the fact that her husband is in war. Connecting with her friend Fran and her neighbor is a pearl, Mary begins to understand that the only way to make her by publishing is just living ... day after day ... and waited.
1570 ::: Hamase-ye darre-ye Shiler (1987) ::: war ::: Overview of plot: Rahim is expelled from the Revolutionary Guard (IRGC). He steals a minibus, goes to Cordean, is intercepted by the Iran Democratic branch of Iran, led by Hessam Khan. The party brings weapons and ammunition from Iraq. IRGC learns this and gets more information on someone with a nassell with an assumed name. Kurds identify Nacel and kill him. Hessam Khan is also killed by the villagers. Rahim's real identity is known when he goes to Iraq to get ammunition. To prove his innocence, he goes to the IRGC headquarters and volunteers for suicide mission. The collision begins when Kurd's Democratic Party and IRGC army win.
1571 ::: Marionette (????/II) ::: war ::: The story of a third of the two flights, one driver of a young person by the Czechoslovakian soldiers in the state of Czechoslovakian in the 1945. As they -When to avoid holding the young Gestari soldiers now, the young man who is highly high, as anyone makes it depends on the other for their survival. But about friendship is another bizarre - the relationship seems to be downloading their two find themselves - and even cross.
1572 ::: Hurricane: Squadron 303 (2019) ::: war ::: Hurricane (Squadron 303) is the story of a group of courageous Poles who fought in heaven over England in World War II, not only to keep the Great Britain free from the Nazis, but also to keep their country the idea of ​​their own country alive , which had existed in its modern form for barely twenty years before it was oppressed between the opposing jaws of Germany and Russia. Equipped with the almost forgotten hurricane and (with some initial reluctance) given the blue RAF uniforms while they fought, Poland lived. 1940. The UK stands only in Europe against the growing stain of the rampant Nazi Empire, its nervous inhabitants asking what the future holds. But a handful of people on this surrounded island know very well what a possible future can hold. They have seen the burning of Warsaw, Poland to be destroyed, the chapter of France. Men like Jan Zumbach, Witold Urbanowicz, Miroslaw Feric and Tolo Lokuciefski, Polish Air Force pilots, who know that if Luftwaffe has not stopped, then Poland and France were just Hitler's horse. So they are willing to fight if the planes are given. The problem is that the British do not trust 'bloody poles'. And so, pilots, foreigners in what really seems to be a very strange land, during a few months they will have to fight some wars immediately - with the xenophobia of authorities and the public, with the language, unknown Hurricane fighters, with battle - hardened Luftwaffe. But after being done with operational desire by RAF, Polish fighters show what they can do, removing the enemy - marking their allies. The once hostile British British, Polish Flyers as heroes - saviors, even. Now, however, the Poles have a fresh enemy - themselves, as the nerves and fatigue receive a terrible number of men pushed to the constant air war, struggling to save their country over foreign land. Not everyone will do it. Not all friendships will survive. And when it's over, Jan Zumbach will think of a Pyrrhic victory, as Poland has surrendered to Stalin's dolls.
1573 ::: When We Were Heroes (2005) ::: war ::: "When we were heroes" is a (not a budget) war film that was acted and produced by that of 12 to 20 years. Without professional help or professional actors. The idea was to make a film dedicated to those who fought in the battle called Operation Market Garden. Three young men from the 101st Airborne Division who are dropped deep into the occupied Holland on 17 September 1944; Operation Market Garden The largest military action after D-Day. On their mission to Eindhoven, the soldiers come across occupied villages and are confronted with the German troops and with civilian casualties. One of the victims was a young girl named Anna Rutten. The experiences of the two brothers Joe and John Davidson and their good friend James H. Perry memories remembered from letters written back and forth by Joe and Anna after the war. "When we were heroes" is a moving war drama, full of action. The film shows what a war does to young people who are sent during the war and show different ways in which people find to get through war experiences.
1574 ::: The Battle of Trafalgar (1911) ::: war ::: We show Lord Nelson leaving the admiralty room where he makes his famous speech and then introduces him by giving him a wonderful plan to attack with his captain, which was made on the letter, captains and his enthusiastic toast at Trafalgar. Then on the day before the war, we are transported when men are writing their last letters at home. Here is a beautiful and photographic effect of one of the lieutenants as a sweetheart's vision. It offers the opportunity to present a famous episode of this letter in which Lord Nelson called back the mail ship for a message and is a favorite of everyone who travels to the sea. We are then taken along with the twenty -first, a eight raids and five in the morning on October, when the enemy's fleet is seen. Dex is cleaned for action and portrayed with all the dignity of the occasion to rotate colors before entering the war. The true event of the famous signal "England expects every man to perform his duty" is portrayed in every detail and we consider the pathetic touch of Nelson's life to depart his captain, at which time the presentation of his own death. Now we get a little human touch in his life and learn the true character of man, because, in his last entry in his diary before war, he makes peace with his producer. And now we come on that wonderful picture of the real war of Trafalgar. We see the ships in action, the shootings of the guns, the ships were caught on fire, and then the camera turns to the nearest view of the deck of victory where hundreds of human life are sacrificed, the red bubate's fight, the fatal shot and the fall of Nelson. After that we were carried out by Edison players in his death that wonderful character, pride, beauty and all his pathos in all his glory; Captain Hardik to his departure, last kiss, news of victory and finally his death.
1575 ::: The Last Partisan (????) ::: war ::: Eastern Europe, 1945 - The Nazis try to eliminate the "Hebrew problem" as a war. One SS officer has one SS officer - it was afraid of all people and had a legendary status. His village was destroyed, husband killed, IV, Ieva, trying to find his 8-year-old son and Felix. It is refuge in the Monastery of Iva, who was bounded in the victory with German soldiers. It is not alone for a long time. German officer, Crepletzer, German, as well as the monastery, trampled it. Two people save Iva life and are unlikely. In addition, felix quickly forms the felix between a girl, essential and two refugees. Eszer agrees to look for her mother, even knowing that he knows that he can feel like a thinner. From fear of war, the mother and the greats are the few, but it is very late; Nothing and like no one. It will start and end; Old relations die and new ones grow in their place. The war is over, and the flame is given to the last guerrilla.
1576 ::: Flight 208 (2007) ::: war ::: An experiment in style and thought, it travels in space and time, spread over more than two hundred people, cutting through cultures and countries, in about 5 minutes. A quick audiovisual experience that reflects on the pace of life and the death of reasoning around us. A dream, a thought, a cutting monologue (or a multi-logue) ... whatever it is, it takes a most unusual flight.
1577 ::: Marionette (????/II) ::: war ::: The story of two depressed aircraft, a black fighting pilot of the 332nd hunting group "The Tuskegees", the other, a young RAF bomb destination, the sole survivor of a Lancaster crew, in the few remaining weeks before the end of the Czechoslovak territory of hostility in May 1945. When they try to avoid the conquest by poorly disciplined German forces in the retreat in the retreat, since everyone can rely on the other. But what looks as a friendship is somewhat overall bizarre - a relationship that seems to overcome the place where you are both - and even exceed the time yourself.
1578 ::: Marcia o crepa (1962) ::: war ::: A French Foreign Legion Commander has been told to catch a unit and capture the Algerian rebel leader. He collects in his old unit, most of whom are no longer in the top. One has last indiscriminate nightmares, the other is now drinking, and the other has lost his nerve. He captures them the leader, but then unable to pick it up. He faces Rebel patrolling and gets caught if they cannot escape before their water is over.
1579 ::: Sgt. Dondi (1980) ::: war ::: Become a member of the army, see the world. Become a member of the army, see the mud. Sgt. Dondi and his men are on a mission. A mission to do what is not certain. See Dondi Trudge through the jungles of South Asia, which leads strange characters such as Hollywood, Psycho, Dago and Scout. Will they reach their goal? Will they be successful? A parcel control is fine.
1580 ::: Mirko i Slavko (1973) ::: war ::: It was in 1941. WWII. A small place in the Serria's heart from the German insect trip. The only kids haven't knowing military ... German boot when they do not enter there. Between fun and mysteries, species, organizational work and leadership .... and the best ....
1581 ::: Pacific Islands (1992) ::: war ::: Ian Wright visits the Pacific Islands of Fiji, Vanuatu and the Solomon Islands. He begins his journey to Fiji, where he is welcomed by a local tribe with a Kava drinking ceremony. The light narcotic is often offered to guests as a sign of friendship, and is also used to seal alliances, begin mainly conferences and recalls birth, deaths and marriages. He also goes diving on the astroclabe reef, which spreads unbreakable to 30 km along the east side of the small island in northern Kadavu. On the Fiji Island of Manna, Ian feeds sharks with a local man named API. The API comes from a family who believes he has an affinity with sharks, and has been training sharks to feed him for the past two years. From Mana, Ian fly to Vanuatu a group of islands stripped the new hebrides from Captain Cook in 1774. On the island of Ambryn he meets the head of a tribe who practiced cannibalism and witnesses of the traditional ROM dance, where the dancers claim to be a spirit living inside their costumes. He also visits the hot spring on the island of sesivi, and Tanna Island, where the massive Yasur volcano rises. It is the most accessible and active volcano in the world. Ian continues his journey to the Solomon Islands. During World War II the islands were used as a land of battle between Americans and the Japanese, and thousands of abandoned ships and tanks now lit the country and seas. Ian goes to Gizo, where he dippes to Tao Maron, the most intact of all roasting, which still has bottles, typewriters and other daily items on board when the ship landed. On Busu Island, Ian Watches are making money. This traditional currency is still used for bride prices and settles disputes.
1582 ::: To the White Sea (????) ::: war ::: Gutsi tells about the air pot during World War II, which was bombing. The man returns home with light and violence, physical and mental, hostile territory, traveling to Alaskan.
1583 ::: Hurricane: Squadron 303 (2019) ::: war ::: Hurricane (squad 303) is the story of a group of bold poles who fought in the skies on England in WW2, not only to keep Great Britain free from the Nazi, but also to keep the idea alive their own country, which had existed in its modern form for just twenty years before it was broken between the opposite jaws of Germany and Russia. Equipped with the hurricane almost obsolete and (with some initial reluctance) given blue RAF uniforms, while fought, Poland was living. 1940. Britain is alone in Europe against the growing stain of the rampant Nazi empire, its nervous inhabitants wonder what the future is. But a handful of people on this faced island know too well what one future can keep. They saw burns to Warsaw, Poland crushed, France capitulates. Men like Jan Zumbach, Witold Urbanowicz, Miroslaw Feric and Tolo Lokuciewski, Polish Air Force pilots, knowing that if the Luftwaffe is not stopped, then Poland, the Netherlands and France were just Hitler's Hors d'Oeuvre . So they are ready to fight, if they are given aircraft. The problem is that the British do not trust the "bloody poles". And so the pilots, strangers in what seems indeed a strange land, over a few months must fight several wars at once-with the xenophobia of the authorities and the public, in the language, the unfamiliar hurricane fighters , With battle - hardened luftwaffe. But once they are operating from the core from the RAF, Polish fighters show what they can do, come out-coming out to the enemy out-who scored their allies. The British fete at once the Polish flyers as a hero-Saviors, even. Now, though, the poles have a fresh enemy-themselves, as nerves and fatigue have a terrible effect on the men pushed to the limit through a constant aerial war, fighting to save their own country. Above from foreign land. Not all will do it. Not all friendships survive. And when it is over, Jan Zumbach will contemplate a pyrical victory, as Poland is given to Stalin's puppets.
1584 ::: The Crimson Wing (1915) ::: war ::: Count Ludwig von Leun-Walram, a German army officer, meets Marguerite Clairon, an actress while in a place of irrigation at the France border line. She falls in love with her and reveals her feelings. He rejects her in such a loving way that she just loves her more. Later, the count meets with Marcelle De Lembach, the daughter of a French general whom he had known in childhood. He falls deep in love with him. While he is still judging him, however, the war explodes between Germany and France and he has been called back to his command. Marcelle is intensely patriotic and goes to the front with her father. She runs a body of soldiers against a German scouting party when the officer is killed. It is caught by the count, which sends it for sure back to the French lines. Paul D'Arblay, a spy, is one of the angry researchers. Clairon, whom she hates. He swears he will take it to his power. She joins the French army as a Red Cross nurse. On the battlefield she finds the injured Count and nurse her until he is almost healed. She then arranges to send him back to his command. Arblay reveals this and threatens to denounce the count as a spy unless he gives his wishes. She agrees to save the count, promising to meet her in her nearby aunt's house. He goes there that evening and finds him dead. She has kept her promise, but gets poison than to undergo it. The count meets Marcelle after the war is over and they are engaged.
1585 ::: La lunga notte dei disertori - I 7 di Marsa Matruh (1970) ::: war ::: When the Afrika Korps German crosses allied lines in North Africa in 1942 during World War II; A group of British soldiers is determined to return to their own lines. Collecting more allied survivors along the way, their trip is full of danger and Germans at every step.
1586 ::: ArmA: Armed Assault (2007) ::: war ::: The US Army's small contingent was sent to the Atlantic Island of Sakhran to help train the local American monarchy's army. The Kingdom of Natural Resources was always with the northern neighbor and the Democratic Republic of Sakhrani. In recent years, the situation is difficult, but stabilized peacefully. But the democrean of the Sahrani is a threat to the southern sons of the United States. When they learned that the US troops have completed and in the process of delivery, the northern sense of security in the north, and fake security is still a mind of southern neighbors.
1587 ::: The Volunteer (1944) ::: war ::: Following an outstanding performance as Othello at the London Theater, 'Ralph Richardson (I)' (QV) is called for an autograph by Fred, his dresser. After a while, Fred Fleet joined the air arm (fly navy) and became a hero, who saves a pilot from his burning aircraft. When Fred goes to Buckingham Palace, it is the turn of the Ralph to ask for the autograph.
1588 ::: The Waler: Australia's Great War Horse (2015) ::: war ::: More than 130,000 Australian horses served in the Great War of 1914-18. Nearly 30,000 were involved in the Middle East. Known popularly as 'walers', it was in the sand of the desert who was born their legend. They performed their men for victory on the long road to Damascus, but at the end of the war they did not arrive at home. This is the story of their colonial origin, their gallant service, and their fate of shame. Great war horses take us on an epic journey from the outback of Australia, across the vast Indian Ocean, to the pyramids of Egypt, the living hell that was Gallipoli, and the sand of the desert that did not Do not open the Middle East. Following the Gallipoli disaster, and with the Ottoman Turks threatening the Suez channel, the Australian light horse regiments had Palestine, which ends up in the "big ride" through the Jordan Valley and the capture of Damascus. This Epic Desert War could not be done without horses, or the small army of horse breakers, veterinarians, ferraers, sars and feed suppliers that were essential to keep thousands of horses in the field and ready for battle. Intense human-horse bonds developed, and the loss of a horse in battle was a shaving experience. For the first time, Great War Horses goes after the legend of two celebrated partnerships: Michael Shanahan and 'Bill The Bastard', and Guy Haydon and 'Midnight'. And, ultimately, reveal why our horses did not come home.
1589 ::: The Volunteer (1944) ::: war ::: After any effective performance as Othello in London, 'Ralph Richardson (i) (Q H) to be asked for aid by fred, the one ridic. Soon afterward, Fred was connected to the air weapon (Fly Navy) and became a warrior, rescuing the pilot from his plane. When Fred goes to BCKTGHEFAM, it is Ralph to ask for work.
1590 ::: Blood Army (2010) ::: war ::: It has been threatening for years, tensions increase, the truce is challenged and proven. The pieces are falling in their place; The war is inevitable now while the forces of good and evil are prepared for a battle of Rip Raging to end all others, and finally decide on the destiny of the earth and its human inhabitants ...
1591 ::: Sutjeska (1973) ::: war ::: The battle of Sutjeska, known as the "fifth attack," is the most difficult and most tragic and biggest battle that led the Yugoslavian party in World War II. Chaos, hell, fate, suffering, heroic death, and all the tragedies of Styska are poetic methods, and at the same time explained in this phenomenal way. This movie was made on the 30th anniversary of the battle. This is the most expensive movie in the history of Yugoslavian movies. The battle of Sutjeska, known as the "fifth attack," is the most difficult and most tragic and biggest battle that led the Yugoslavian party in World War II. Chaos, hell, fate, suffering, heroic death, and all the tragedies of Styska are poetic methods, and at the same time explained in this phenomenal way. This movie was made on the 30th anniversary of the battle. This is the most expensive movie in the history of Yugoslavian movies. Nerma Geodel 1943 L'Armata Di Liberazione Jugoslava GUIDATA DA TITO DEVE AFFRONTARE LA QUINTA OFFENSIVA DELLE TRUPPE TEDESCHE. La Lotta Si Rivela Senza Tregua Per riuscire AD APRIRSI UN VARCO NELLA CERCHIA DI FUOCO DEFUOCO DEL NEMICO.
1592 ::: Siroko je lisce (1981) ::: war ::: The incident in 1943 and today, the partan school and SRURU schools was in the middle of something. A young journal to select a movie story about participants in freedom from this area. That the Summ has waited to meet civilians, simple. It is found in the territory in the Parket school. It also requires that everyone has done something like one. Do everything happens, the story is growing up, describing victims.
1593 ::: Kony Order from Above (2017) ::: war ::: The two children (Oti and Agutti) are confused by the North Uganda Lord's Resistance Army (LRA), but are separated when they are abducted at the age of 11. While in the abduction, he escapes and gets in the vain home. Damaged with every waste effort. So he decides to stay in the bush with LRA Rebels and soon the infamous LRA Rebel leader is introduced into the Inner Command Circle of Joseph Kony. Although his love for Agutti is undoubtedly, it is undoubted. In an attempt to pursue it, write letters to Oti Agni - then attending school at Abok Girls School - by village Reverend. Soon, the LRA leadership receives the air of communication and decides to attack the village of Brown (LRA High Commander), who is abducting everyone in it. The rebels also attacked the girls' school that stolen Agutti. Upon reaching the rebel camp, the abduction shows to Konnie, who is interested in the relationship between her and her. Then he takes her as a wife and she becomes his little woman. However, being in the inner circle is close to her randomly and the most trusted soldier of Koni. Koni's latest wife works with the safety of Agutti - the obedience of the rebellion and his love for her.
1594 ::: Teukgongdaewa dolaoji anhneun haebyeong (1970) ::: war ::: While on a leave of army as a prize for its championship, SGT Jang arranges a special force of circus acrobatics. By deploying them before being shipped to the Marines, the acrobats destroy the North Korean armed troops and secure the beach for the sea.
1595 ::: The Exploits of the Emden (1928) ::: war ::: German Officer for his wife to join the Emden, and then in China metatically seas. As World War I started, he is invited to serve Emden and is unable to meet with a sailor's wife. Then SMS determines the drowning passenger ship and the woman's woman standing on board on board. It occurs between rescued, and the sailor is simplified. After shipment, short-term ports and seafaring wife, Krezer met and drowned in battle with Krezer Khmed Sydney. Fortunately, the officer escaped from a drowning ship and reunited with his wife.
1596 ::: Marcia o crepa (1962) ::: war ::: French capital was told to summarize the same and hold the Algean's rebellion. He collects his older, so many of them are not in order. One-of-trend of what you do, another drink now, another person has fallen on his nerve. He hides them and to catch a Leader, but then it cannot be done to pick it up. He meets rebellious and poured out and they can escape before their water.
1597 ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock (2012) ::: war ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock is a 2012 video game released for PS3, Xbox 360 and PC by developer 505 games and published by Paramount Digital Entertainment. It was issued on March 13, 2012 in the United States and April 5, 2012 in Europe. It contains Maverick, Iceman, Merlin and Jester as supporting characters, 14 missions and planes. It also includes new characters a young pilot named Spider who is similar to Maverick, his wing Deadeye and Fury which is similar to Iceman and Charlie as a rival and a love of spider love.
1598 ::: "Voennaya razvedka. Pervyy udar" (2011) ::: war ::: "WAR exploration service: first blow" series is a pre-set priority until the first season of War Exploration Service: Western Fragrances. The structure of the Inspuneration code called ťbarbarossať, however, is fast in the Soviet Soviet lands. Our heroes create the need to save science with their families in the summer holidays. It is impossible to eliminate the military Soviet plant taken by their Germans. The return of the Council to German becomes a mental complex psychological game. It is not enough to return, and the reputation must be left unconditionally! In the fourth episode, exploration officers will listen to the national economic agenda of Nazi Germany on the territory who listened to the German economic agenda. In this mission, our heroes kill not only to destroy the shipment of Reichsmarma ťgoldenť, but also to kill a man behind the Belarusian Gautoser, the new economic concept. As usual, exploration workers solve enemies and impossible tasks, but their carelessness, powerful, smart and friendly, they can deal with all "special conditions".
1599 ::: 101 (2016) ::: war ::: '101' Abel Gains' film 'J'Kuse!' Which is considered one of the most important ant-war films in history. For this reason, '101' is created on the basis of the silent form. The film belongs to the war of Tenenburg, which was fought in East Precipitation in 1914. The Germans' victory over that Russian armed forces ended. The German Army commander-in-chief, Paul von Hindindaburg, will go down as 'Victor of Tenburg' in history, as the German command decided to name the war after the village of Tenenberg, which was located near the fight. In this way, the History of the German people suffered in the first war of Tenenburg 500 years ago in 1410. '101' is also related to today's world, which has been shown from the point of view. Similar protagonist who plays historic rhythmic roles in the film. His point of view in the form of documentary tables sinks according to subjective musical statement in the main plot of the film, as is the characteristic of the silent film. '101' today is an artistic view of the world in a particular historic comic context, which raises a question, 101 years after the outbreak of the first World War, is it more meaningful to shoot an anti -wages film? And whether it is worth respecting the film 'Ja' today! Which is almost immersed in oblivion.
1600 ::: Yuan dong jian die zhan (1992) ::: war ::: In 1937, the Soviet Union's public defect to the Japanese in Manchukuo and in exchange for information that the Japanese bring their family from Russia. This is done and later assigned to the general to lead Russia by Russian white commandos.
1601 ::: Seulpeumeun jeobyeoldeulegedo (1978) ::: war ::: The North Korean army drowns the village of Kama in the Korean war and the villagers are forced to surrender. Man-Bok, Village Idiot, receives the ways of his winners with joy, but when he sees a young kid and hearing how a girl has killed her parents, he begins a heart change.
1602 ::: Farewell My Indian Soldier (2016) ::: war ::: This is the national imagination, the story of Indian soldiers through the eyes of love and human affection. During their vacation on French barns, some Indian soldiers and French women developed an emotion for each other, and children were born. These Hindu children have become French victims of taboo, due to their avoidance. This movie is inspired by the story of one child. In this film, she was a young girl, a descendant of an unknown Indian soldier and his host French, trips across France, Belgium, England and India, and a great story of Indian soldiers was woven around her in the First World War.
1603 ::: Seulpeumeun jeobyeoldeulegedo (1978) ::: war ::: The North Korean army drowns the village of Kama in the Korean war and the villagers are forced to surrender. Man-Bok, Village Idiot, receives the ways of his winners with joy, but when he sees a young kid and hearing how a girl has killed her parents, he begins a heart change.
1604 ::: "The Bagley Boys" (????) ::: war ::: On earth the exposure to the crush on August 1914, ten children came from Bagley - looked at the countryside in the country. These men responded to their country's call and join one of the Lord's former leopard "at first. Their goal" for the king and the country soon, as they The evil enemy of the trench. "Both Both Both Both Battle" and their families have been treated in 1914 and knowledge of their beloved people home.
1605 ::: Combat Killers (1968) ::: war ::: At the end of the Second World War, an inexperienced American officer who won fame loses half of his train in a bloody fight with Japanese soldiers in a bloody fight with Japanese soldiers. While he tried to extract his men from their precarious position, a lieutenant blurred into another enemy force that plans to extinguish the remaining soldiers with a well -exuberant ambush. The officer and a beautiful villager are captured, but desperately try to warn the Americans of their fatal danger.
1606 ::: Not Another Mistake (1988) ::: war ::: A person who cannot (Richard Norton) Vette Vettame is flying in the chip and its shoulder and her daughter's attacks. It is returned to Vietnam to rescue some poections and mia, including a commander, Harrison. He finds nothing, he accepted the message.
1607 ::: Bataan (1943) ::: war ::: Japan just attacked the Philippines and the US Army is trying to defend a fair defense. Thirteen men are chosen as a bridge to Bata Islands and keep Japan from rebuilding.
1608 ::: Red Army Heroes (1990) ::: war ::: In 1948, the army in the internal staff of the enemy Zhong Feng (Chen Feng) to participate in the enemy military conference, whose enemy plot has not yet been opened, his night Chuangji section to be surrounded From the enemy, the dawn from the underground part Liu Xia rescue. Zhong Feng drives the car to the bolted traffic station. Spy was searched, unfortunately Zhong Feng shot, jumped in the yellow river rolling ... ... Zhong Feng was rescued under the river in the north of our army, the temporary cost of the enemy to say to the enemy to abandon the north to escape recently, and to explode the yellow river bridge. Local government and military leaders held a remembrance ceremony for Zhongfeng, Zhongmu, Zhongqiang has deleted the tears of their loved ones, to join Zhengzhou's liberation in support of previous work. Army headquarters immediately telegria The President of Xibaipo Mao, the central military commission of the CPC that the time to mature, and immediately issued the order to free Zhengzhou. Central Plains Field Army One, three, four, nine columns in Xuegang, Laoya Chen fled the enemy to the north to fight the bloody battles, correspondent Liu Causeway, the commander of the company Hou Yu-wide a heroic sacrifice. After 24 hours of fierce fighting to defend the second Asian, the first bridge of China's yellow river train, deleted more than 15,000 enemy. Zhengzhou's victory over the battle.
1609 ::: "Da Jue Ze" (2012) ::: war ::: The summer of 1937, the Japanese launched a war of all aggression, Peking was surrounded by three sides, is at risk. The Professor of the University of Boston Wu Patriotic Scholars, regardless of the opposition of yellow orchid lovers, and his assistant Shu Lijuan embarked in a determined way on a return trip to China. Following the return to Peking, Wu Mingtai entered the University of Peking Beijing, for the Japanese militarism crash "Eastern Asia Culture Strategy," Liu Jian led a personally white, still Wenjing , Chan King Zhuang Scholar Patriotic overcame the humiliation, went to humiliation, went to the Southern Changsha University, finally arrived at Kunming, the protection of a large number of students.
1610 ::: "Feng lei dong" (2013) ::: war ::: In the 1920s and 1930s, there are story centers on Langs, a great merchant family in Harbin. At that time, ruthless Japanese soldiers spread the virus to the harbin. Through a very cruel means, they consider Chinese people as their "test field". Langs lead people to fight Japanese soldiers. With the secret of the origin of the langs, the langs suffer decay. However, all three sons make a big difference in defending their family and saving the country. At the same time, they are also trapped in complex emotional confusion.
1611 ::: Siroko je lisce (1981) ::: war ::: The promotion takes place in 1943 and today, and a partisan school in Srem is in the center of action. A young journalist is appointed to make a film report about the participants in the Liberation War from this area. In the village of Srem she meets communal, simple people. She discovers that there were a free territory and a partisan school. She also finds out that everyone acted as one. The young reporter who runs through all those events becomes mature and identifies himself with the revolution participants.
1612 ::: Maria's Song (????) ::: war ::: Maria's song tells the story of a bright, disobedient, eleven -year -old girl and her thirteen -year -old patron, her character, her brother George as they travel through an urban town to try to save their lives and defeat the chances in the fierce world to imagine S
1613 ::: Broj 55 (2014) ::: war ::: In the autumn of 1991, the small group of croatian soldiers go on the Eomorated road. Before they will soon destroy their cars and cars, they are forced to hide the house near. Missionary, they will attack them by soldiers, Serbian and JNA (Yugoslav of Yugoslavian soldiers). Resurrected and the army will be 240 hours, na- The movie and report from a good event that occurred during the Croatian of freedom. In the autumn of 1991, the small group of croatian soldiers go on the Eomorated road. Before they will soon destroy their cars and cars, they are forced to hide the house near. The rooms, special forces and military forces (Yugoslav soldiers). Resurrected and the army will be 240 hours, na- The movie and report from a good event that occurred during the Croatian of freedom.
1614 ::: War Is Hell (1961) ::: war ::: During the Korean War, SergeGenns are offering the pursuit of his or her platonoon - not telling them you will make it good to be good. The problem arises sometimes the platoon thinks that something is about.
1615 ::: "Misija majora Atertona" (1986) ::: war ::: The mission of Major Atherton is a television mini series in three parts. This true story consists of two episodes that show Operation Hydra. After the fall of the Uzice Republic and the success of the first enemy offensive, the British sent their mission and this series showed the events and fate of the three agents of the British secret service, soe led by Major Terrence Atherton, who during the Second World War, at the beginning of 1942, came to what was occupied at the time, Yugoslavia to determine whether the partisans or chetniks actually fought against the occupied troops or against each other.
1616 ::: "The Red" (2014) ::: war ::: In 1937, Japanese imperialists launched a brutal war of aggression against China, with the Chinese nation entering an important period of vital importance. Xu Day was initially a small colored color blindness, an incident related to a patriotic and Japanese war, he touched with patriotic spirit, so he from his sharp mind to help the patriotism to transport important materials used. During this period, she became acquainted with Jane and Tilein, they have a complex background and with the beautiful woman Tian Dan. In the turbulent time, the legend of Shanghai, Zo Tian, ​​will not only witness but also at the important moment of historical change. ......
1617 ::: Tufan (1997) ::: war ::: After the attack by the Iraqi army, three old friends working on oil workout split. After many days at sea, they meet again on Hark Island and take responsibility for exporting oil there. But everyone has their own plans, while it is certain that the enemy will attack this island as well.
1618 ::: Maria's Song (????) ::: war ::: Maria's song tells the story of a bright, rebellious, eleven -year -old girl and her thirteen -year -old protector, her hero, her brother George, when they travel through a city of war to save their lives and surpass the chances in as wild as possible is to imagine.
1619 ::: The Last Partisan (????) ::: war ::: Eastern Europe, in 1945 - when the flood of war changes, the Nazis increase their attempts to eradicate the "Jewish problem". There is an SS officer who was feared by everyone else - judge, a bloodthirsty murderer who has reached an almost legendary status. Her village destroyed and her husband killed, a young mother, Iva, is forced to join a partisan group to survive and find her 8-year-old son Felix. Iva injured in a battle with German soldiers and escapes in an abandoned country monastery. It is not alone for long. A German officer, Kreutzer, apparently a German deserter, also escapes in the monastery and discovers them. The two forge an unlikely alliance that saves Iva's life. In the meantime, Felix is ​​quickly friends from a youthful girl, Eszter and a bond between the two refugees. Eszter agrees to help Felix look for his mother, even though she knows that the chances of finding her alive. Mother and son are united in the nightmare of the war, but it is too late; Nothing and nobody are what they seem. It is both the beginning and end; Old relationships die and new ones grow in their place. The war is over forever and the torch is handed over to the last partisan.
1620 ::: "Zhan Lei" (2013) ::: war ::: Gao Deng, a rebel tide, which cannot suit military life, has been assigned to a fixing squad in the mountains, where it meets P TE with special skills called Lynn Feng. Gao Deng and Lin Feng gradually become good friends. The Army organizes a mining action, to ensure the security of the lives and wealth of the people living in the border. Therefore, Gao Deng and Lynn Feng go to clean the mines for locals, contributing a big contribution to the elimination of mines in the area. After action, they join the mine-processing group for border demarcation, open the boundary delimitation passage with their colleagues, eliminate the minfields around the new boundary tablets, and ensure the safety of the employees associated with the border delimitation, thus successfully completing significant work. When cleaning the mines, Lynn sacrifices his life for children living on the Feng border. After the death of Lynn Feng, Gao Deng inherits his will and becomes an excellent peaskiping soldier through rigorous training and functioning, creating a mighty song of a contemporary Chinese soldier with his blood and sweat.
1621 ::: "Feng lei dong" (2013) ::: war ::: In the 1920s and the 1930s, a great business family in Harbin is a story center on Langs. At that time, cruel Japanese soldiers spread the virus in the Harbin. By extremely cruel means, they consider Chinese people as their "test area". The language motivates people to fight against Japanese soldiers. With the mystery of the origin of the legs revealing, the legs afflict the decay. However, the three sons make great difference between protecting their family and saving the country. At the same time, they are also entangled with complex emotional illusions.
1622 ::: "The Bagley Boys" (????) ::: war ::: After the outbreak of the war in August 1914, the life of 10 men from Bagley-on-the-Wold in rural England is permanently changed. These men respond to the call of their country and join one of Lord Kitchener's "Pauls" battalions. Their initial attempt at "doing little of them" for the king and the country quickly evaporates as they testify to the horrors of war in the trenches. "The Bagley Boys" follows the lives of these 10 men and their families from 1914 to 1918 while dealing with the difficulties of life in the front, the pain of separation from their loved ones and the knowledge that not everyone will return home .
1623 ::: No Better Place to Die (2019) ::: war ::: During the first 3 days of the occupation of Normandy, the 82nd Air Division tried to capture and hold important crossing points over the Merderi River. As the hours and days passed, the water turned into a blood in a battle without withdrawal.
1624 ::: Geojedo: The 3rd Frontline (2017) ::: war ::: Geogevo P.O Camp (Worg) Prisoner founded in 1950) in 1950 when the Korean war ended. However, these prisoners were Koreans, however, it was cautioned by two ideologies - Communism and capital governor. In 1952, General Film Kidnapped to return their return to North Korea, the Communist detainees. The Korean-US-US command decided to influence the Central Agent Hozone to Central Agent Hozon to the Central Agent Hozone Kim to the Central Agent Hozon Kim to the Central Agent Hozone. 'Studio microg macro graphs' that is the first person view of cinema side and audience at Jewadio P.O.W on cinema side and visitors (FPV) interaction.
1625 ::: Battle of Mortimers Cross (1987) ::: war ::: It is February 2, 1461 and Edward Mortimer (who will soon be King Edward the fourth) led his Yorkist forces to the victory over the invading lancastrian army only weeks after his father and his brother had been executed. The battle took place in the Herefordshire hills, where Edward's forces faced a much larger army, but prevailed at the end, racing the way for Edward's coronation as king. It could be said that it is the most famous battle of the Rose War.
1626 ::: Seulpeumeun jeobyeoldeulegedo (1978) ::: war ::: The village of Kama was crossed by the North Korean army during the Korean war, and the villagers are forced to surrender. Man Book, the idiot, adopts the ways of his conquest with the elaboration, but it begins to change the heart when he sees a young boy who is slaughtered and hears a girl telling how her parents were killed.
1627 ::: The Exploits of the Emden (1928) ::: war ::: An German officer is calling for a woman in the German battle in Germany satisfied in China in China. As the first global war breaks the interval, the delegation would serve and the unemployed was not able to meet with his wife. SMS Amin then indicates the drowning traveler and officer that his wife was in a bad condition. He has been found in rescued and insecurity. Shortearrows after the boat tells ferros in the war from his wife, then meet the Halam Sedney in the war. Luckily an officer escapes from birds and is in accordance with his wife.
1628 ::: Fireflies at El Mozote (????) ::: war ::: Fireflies at El Mozot is a forceful action war drama, strong social v -turmeric, and inspired by real events. It describes the well -recorded AC chakra of El Mozot, Morazan Province, El Salvador village, and is considered the worst worst of citizens in modern Latin American history. The story of this upcoming age has come out with a ten -year life in the quest to retaliate for the deaths of his family and his village.
1629 ::: To the White Sea (????) ::: war ::: Gutsy's story tells of an air artilleryman during World War II, which was overthrown over Tokyo while on a bombing attack. The man embarks on an intense and violent journey, physically and mentally, through hostile territory, to return alive home, as a hike to Alaska.
1630 ::: Krvava bajka (1969) ::: war ::: The memory of the victims of the Kragujewac AC chakra is described by the events of a group of boys and shoe shiners. At that time, thousands of workers refused to work for invaders, and the entire city was subjected to harsh oppression and violence and regular rations of innocent citizens.
1631 ::: "The Red" (2014) ::: war ::: In 1937, the Japanese imperialists started a brutal aggression war against China, the Chinese nation has made crucial importance in a critical period. The XU day was originally an ordinary small accounting color, an accident with a patriot and the Japanese war. He was touched by the Patriotic Spirit. That is why he used his sharp mind to help the patriots transport important materials. During this time he met Jin and Tielin, they have a complex background and met the beautiful wife Tian Dan. In the troubled times, the legend of Shanghai, Xu Tian was not only witnesses, but also in the important moment of historical change ......
1632 ::: Kony Order from Above (2017) ::: war ::: Two children (Otti and Aguti) fall in love during the rebellion of the Ugundalo Road Resistance Army (LRA) in the northern part of the turbulent, but is separated when Otti is invited at the age of 11. I was abused by each useless attempt. He decided to stay on the bushes with the LRA Rebel, and was immediately introduced in the command circle inside Joseph Connie, the leader of the infamous LRA rebels. Despite his concession to his notorious, his love for Agti has not been hindered. To maintain it, Otti writes a letter in Aguti -Aguti goes to the Avoke Girls School school through a village pastor. Immediately, LRA leadership gains the wind of communication, and the ruthless captain brown (LRA's high commander) decides to attack the village and duct everyone in it. The anti -government forces also attack Avoke Girls School, where Agti is ducted. When you arrive at the rebels camp, Kony shows that you are immediately interested in the relationship between her and Otti. He then forcibly takes her as a wife, and she becomes his youngest woman. But being in the inner circle accidentally approaches Otti, the most reliable soldier in Connie's favorite. After that, Otti has been assigned to Connie's latest wife, Agti, the safety.
1633 ::: Kraljevski voz (1981) ::: war ::: It is in 1941 and the German occupying forces take over Yugoslavia and take a train ride to Kraljevo a dangerous game for a secret communist agent who has important documents. Both the Germans and the police are looking for him on the train, and his safe arrival in Kraljevo seems to be impossible. His determination to bring the papers to the right people keeps him up to date, even if the train arrives after the train - and asks him to find a way to complete his mission.
1634 ::: Kony Order from Above (2017) ::: war ::: Two children (Otti and Aguti) fall in love during the rebellion of the Tumultuous Northern Uganda Lord's Resistance Army (LRA), but are separated when Otti is abducted at the age of 11. While in kidnapping he tries to escape in vain and gets battered with every meaningless attempt. So he decides to stay in the bush with the LRA rebels and is soon introduced in the Inner Command Circle of Notorious Lra Rebel Leader Joseph Kony. Despite his concession, his love for Aguti does not deter. In an attempt to support it, Otti writes letters to Aguti - who then goes to school at the school of Aboke Girl - via the village government. Soon the LRA leadership Wind of Communication and the ruthless Captain Brown (High Commander of the LRA) decides to attack the village and kidnap everyone in it. The rebels also attack Aboke Girls School where Aguti is also abducted. Upon arrival in the rebel camp, the kidnapped people are shown to Kony whose interest immediately falls on Aguti, ignorant of the relationship between her and Otti. He then takes her powerful as a woman and she becomes his youngest wife. Being in the inner circle, however, brings her close to Otti, who happens to be the favorite and most familiar soldier of Kony. Otti is then responsible for the safety of Kony's newest woman Aguti - torn between loyalty to the rebel shop and his love for her.
1635 ::: Five Days of Fire (2007) ::: war ::: Situated in World War II, five days of fire is a tense story of an American platoon that passes into the enemy to provide a German weapon designer. Captain Casdorf must lead a group of men who is becoming more divided. As the enemy tries to prevent its progress from the outside, the platoon breaks from the inside. One of the soldiers, Jimmy Pratt, must overcome his fear of death in order to fulfill the mission.
1636 ::: "Voennaya razvedka. Pervyy udar" (2011) ::: war ::: Series "War Intelligence Service: The first hit" Operation the first month of intelligence officers in the year 2000 and the most intelligence officers in the year 2000. The Candidate Candidate Classification of Anti-Approved EDMAGs has been moving faster along the occupied EDMAGs Our characters need to rescue science asses to rescue science men to rescuing the men to protect science. It's been a nearby impossible for them to eliminate a military Soviet factory by Germany. The Soviet Residents Return German back to the ground will be mentally challenging mentally. And it's not so that he returns, his reputation remains unacceptable! In fourth fourth, intelligence officers are taken in a challenge of the German economy of Nazi. While in this mission, our heroes should not only destroy the crop of superstciarks, but as Amirsesisis. The usual as usual, intelligence officers will take challenge and impossible administers, but with the power of their fingers, they manage to deal with "special cases".
1637 ::: La lunga notte dei disertori - I 7 di Marsa Matruh (1970) ::: war ::: When German Africa spreads out of the lines around the North Africa in 1942 during two World War II. A group of British Army determined to return to their own line. Loading the survivors who survive their journeys, their journey and the risk in the Germans at any time.
1638 ::: Ora X - pattuglia suicida (1969) ::: war ::: When the Germans are allowed to restore an island in the Mediterranean Sea during World War II, a team of American soldiers is left to destroy an important radio base. But this is just the beginning of the problems of the American forces, civilians and Germans.
1639 ::: "Voennaya razvedka. Severnyy front" (2012) ::: war ::: "War intelligence service: a quantity to the northern season. This indicates us to creating the function of the Finance and in the northern front in the North Front. They will be witnessed in the process of the Soviet Union in the border with the Soviet Union in the borders of Finnishing differences. They will detect a camp where German teachers train agents for influence on the Esteter soil. They will also extend the door to prevent flooding flooding of our troops in the display line. And they will even be "Officer", Snipper Snyper ...
1640 ::: "Povratak otpisanih" (1976) ::: war ::: In the summer of 1944, PRLE and TIHI, the youth but veteran resistance combatants, along with Joca, the old and moody radioperator, are sent by partisans to Belgrade, the capital Yugoslava still under Nazi occupation. As the victorious partisan forces approach, PRLE, TIHI and JOCA must continue their underground work to prepare the city for liberation.
1641 ::: Kapyong (2011) ::: war ::: On April 24, 1951, after a defeat from the South Korean army, the volunteer Chinese army continued its enemy on the lines of the Australian and Canadian forces that still dig autumn defenses, 39 km away. Here, sometimes along a spear, it is often in complete darkness, the individual was incited against the individual in a struggle between a great power and a group of other countries from all over the world. They fought for Wadi, the old and traditional route to Seoul. If the southern capital and the war fall, it is lost. The United Nations forces had a military advantage to support high land and artillery: the Chinese have relied entirely on largely superior numbers. As a result, young people from both sides found a battle that was very close and personal. The battle of Kapyong has become the turning point of the fifth attack in China in the spring of Korea. The goal of the attack was to finally get foreign forces out of South Korea and to the sea. What happened instead, other than the history of the Korean war. The Chinese were deprived of victory and were forced to return to negotiations. If they succeeded, it would have caused another crushing defeat to the United States in causing events that led to a nuclear Holocaust in Asia - and the Third World War.
1642 ::: London Blitz (1983) ::: war ::: During the British War Brushwaffe looms in London Bomb. As a member engineer of your British company is to find these bombs and clear London citizens.
1643 ::: Vostochny koridor (1966) ::: war ::: The philosophical proverb "Eastern Corridor" was created during the fall of "melting", while Soviet artists, though meter and sensors, were done, but still "breathing of freedom." In the 1960s, the film industry (such as, really, and other construction) is fully owned by the state, the question of commercial profit from the rental of films, though on the agenda, was not completely impressive. There were commands of the so -called state on important topics of the ideology of the state, such as revolutionary, military, history, biographies, etc. It is logical that the action-pitcher type of Spy Ware Detective was allowed only within the framework of military subjects. But those films that were not originally made for the mass audience, but are important for the annual "plan". Thus, there is no doubt that the "Eastern Corridor" was at the center of the Studio "Belarus-film" on the basis of the general biased drum department, telling about the valor of the Soviet people during the business. Eventually, the film was not waiting to see the boss, and not only the party officials, but also the quite generous critics were welcomed with hostility. So it is only surprising that after spending two years on the shelf, the film "Eastern Corridor" is still left in the so -called "Limited Release" in 1968 ... The film can be a hit of any western festival in the late 1960s. ("Cranes fly" and "Ivan's childhood." As much as victory, but, hey ... Valentin Vinogradov's "Eastern Corridor" did not work clearly after creative life. Was forced to go to the normal cinema "...
1644 ::: "Perevodchik" (2014) ::: war ::: This is a history of a normal person to be a character. Andrei Petrovich Starikov, Charlie's nickname, lives with her wife and mother with his wife and mother. This house is inhabited by many nations. Among them are Russians, Ukrainians, Jews, the arms and Armenians. But when the Nazis arrived in the city, the life of civilians will change. To save his family and friends, Charlie should work as a translator for Nazis ...
1645 ::: Zvezde su oci ratnika (1972) ::: war ::: When a warrior dies, a star is born, a company dies of ours when they are born in a group of stars. Small children are fascinated by old legends and stories of old people, people replace their characteristic ready to be shot and place yourself in front of the German pipe.
1646 ::: Red Army Heroes (1990) ::: war ::: In 1948, the army's enemy's internal staff to attend the enemy's military conference, into the Ong Feng (Chen Feng), the enemy plot has not yet opened, his night Chuangzi department is surrounded by the enemy, in the morning, Liu Zia Rescue. Jong Feng drives the car to the traffic station. Continuing Spain, Ogg Feng was unfortunately shot and the rolling jumped into the river ... ... Ogg Feng was protected under the river of our army under the north of our army, the enemy spent to tell the enemy to tell the enemy to tell the enemy to leave the north recently, and blew up the yellow river bridge. Local government and military leaders Ogfeng Comrades, Oggonmu and Onong -Oongkiang wiped up a memorial ceremony to wipe out their loved ones and join Jengzou's liberation in support of former work. The Field Army headquarters immediately ordered the CPC Central Military Commission to mature Mao chairman Mao and immediately to freed Jengzou. The Central Plains Field Army fled from the enemy in the north to fight with one, three, four, four, nine columns, Laya Chen and bloody wars, the company's commander, the company commander, the heroic sacrifice. After a 24 -hour terrible struggle to save China's first yellow River Railway bridge, Asia, wiped out more than 15,000 enemies. Jengzou's victory over war.
1647 ::: The Samson Option (????) ::: war ::: A biochemical attack against the United States and Israel leads to the edge of a global apocalypse. Sara Mann, the first president of the US .
1648 ::: "Top Secret Level 18" (2011) ::: war ::: Top Secret level 18 is a narrative film that investigates 18 real stories that took place in Ukraine during the Second World War. They passed under the stamp "Top Secret" in the Soviet Secret Service documents. The film reveals 18 terrible incidents that are documented by revealing evidence and testimonials from eyewitnesses. These are events that help to understand the scope of existing lies about the Second World War. The international public is aware of crimes committed by Nazi Germany, but has less understanding of the crimes that Stalin and his generals have committed against his own people. The truth was buried for a long time because Stalin's USSR explains the victory in the war.
1649 ::: Margery Booth: The Spy in the Eagle's Nest (????) ::: war ::: Margery was in Hitler and his birthday when he was given to Tiger Tour. As singer, he may recall some young ones and technologies as the singers from Blleler Park for the church that enjoys his order. He has the narrow path that is hidden and the Gestapo is self-centered when they are always offended.
1650 ::: Siroko je lisce (1981) ::: war ::: The action takes place in 1943 and today, and a partisan school in Srem is at the center of the action. A young journalist is appointed to shoot a film report to participants in the Eraction Liberation War from the area. In the village of Srem she meets ordinary, simple people. She reveals that free territory and a partisan school were there. She also reveals that everyone acted as one. Deps passing through all those events, the new reporter grows mature, identifying itself with the participants of the revolution.
1651 ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock (2012) ::: war ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock is a 2012 video game for PS3, Xbox 360 and PC by the developer 505 games and published by Paramount Digital Entertainment. It was launched on March 13, 2012 in the United States and on April 5, 2012 in Europe. It has Maverick, Iceman, Merlin and Jester as support characters, 14 missions and plans. He also involves new characters, a young pilot named Spider who is similar to Maverick, his Wingman Deadeye and Fury, which is similar to Iceman and Charlie as a rival and a love interest in Spider.
1652 ::: Fireflies at El Mozote (????) ::: war ::: El Mozote's fireflies are a convincing war of war of action, with strong social relevance, inspired by real events. He recounts the well -documented massacre of the village of El Mozote, province of Morazán, El Salvador, considered as the worst atrocity perpetrated by government forces on civilians in modern Latin America. This story of transition to adulthood follows a ten -year survivor in his quest to avenge the death of his family and the destruction of his village.
1653 ::: When We Were Heroes (2005) ::: war ::: "When we were heroes" is a (not a budget) war film that was acted and produced by that of 12 to 20 years. Without professional help or professional actors. The idea was to make a film dedicated to those who fought in the battle called Operation Market Garden. Three young men from the 101st Airborne Division who are dropped deep into the occupied Holland on 17 September 1944; Operation Market Garden The largest military action after D-Day. On their mission to Eindhoven, the soldiers come across occupied villages and are confronted with the German troops and with civilian casualties. One of the victims was a young girl named Anna Rutten. The experiences of the two brothers Joe and John Davidson and their good friend James H. Perry memories remembered from letters written back and forth by Joe and Anna after the war. "When we were heroes" is a moving war drama, full of action. The film shows what a war does to young people who are sent during the war and show different ways in which people find to get through war experiences.
1654 ::: Krvava bajka (1969) ::: war ::: The memory of the victims of the Kragujevac massacre is described through events associated with a group of boys, shoe shiners. At that time, thousands of workers refused to work for the invaders, and the whole city was exposed to the oppression and fierce persecution of innocent citizens and the removal of regular food rations.
1655 ::: Krvava bajka (1969) ::: war ::: The memory of the victims of the massacre of Kragujevac has been described through events related to a group of boys, shoes. At that time, thousands of workers refused to work for the invaders, and the whole city was exposed to severe suppression and harassment of innocent citizens and the cancellation of regular food ration.
1656 ::: The Last Partisan (????) ::: war ::: Eastern Europe, 1945 - By changing the tide of war, the Nazis are increasing their efforts to eradicate the "Jewish problem". There is an SS officer who is most afraid of - Richter, a bloodthirsty killer who has reached a legendary situation. His village was destroyed and his wife was killed, a young mother, Iva, has to join a party group in an attempt to survive and find her 8 -year -old son, Felix. IVA, who was injured in clashes with German soldiers, seeks refuge in a deserted country. She's not alone for a long time. A German officer, Crotzer, apparently the German desert, also takes refuge in the monastery and discovers him. These two alliances are impossible and save Iva's life. Meanwhile, Felix is ​​friendly by a teenage girl, and the transplant is rapidly formed between the two refugees. The Screen agrees to help Felix seek her mother, even if she knows that she is likely to find her alive. In the nightmare of the war, the mother and the son are reunited again, but it's too late. Nothing and no one is something that looks like. This is both the beginning and the end. Old relationships die and new ones grow in place. The war for some of them is over forever and the torch is transferred to the last party.
1657 ::: Cross of Steel (2014) ::: war ::: Cross of Steel is a documentary from the Second World War like no other. The film follows war from the point of view of German soldiers and strives to represent a impartial point of view. Without political nuances or orders of the day of third parties. Join us while we analyze the German war machine and dissect their combat tactics and their elite training, their advanced weapons, their psychological conditioning and their unrivaled discipline.
1658 ::: To the White Sea (????) ::: war ::: Gutsy's story tells of an air artilleryman during World War II, which was overthrown over Tokyo while on a bombing attack. The man embarks on an intense and violent journey, physically and mentally, through hostile territory, to return alive home, as a hike to Alaska.
1659 ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock (2012) ::: war ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock is a 2012 video game released for PS3, Xbox 360 and PC by Developer 505 Games and released by Paramount Digital Entertainment. It was released on March 13, 2012 in the United States and April 5, 2012 in Europe. The program has Maverick, Ikman, Marilyn and Jasher as supporters, 14 missions and aircraft. It also includes new characters, a young spider -name that resembles Maverick, his winged Deadeye and Fury, who is like Iceman and Charlie as a rival and a spider love.
1660 ::: Five Days of Fire (2007) ::: war ::: It is located in World War II, five days of fire is an understandable story of an American family that crosses the enemy's lands to secure a German weapons designer. Captain Classf must lead a group of men who have become increasingly divided. While the enemy tries to hinder it from the outside, the family becomes torn from the inside. One of the soldiers, Jimmy Pratt, must overcome his fear of death to complete the mission.
1661 ::: Marionette (????/II) ::: war ::: The story of Airmen, a black fighter pilot, from the 332nd Fighter Group "The Tuskegies", was hostile in May 1945. When they are now trying to avoid holding through the German forces in retreat, there are no possibility of a young man between the former slave of the Louisiana colonies and a well -educated young man from the British, everyone relying on another for their survival. But the more strange thing that seems to be friendly - this relationship seems to be overcoming the space they have found - and even overcoming time.
1662 ::: The Exploits of the Emden (1928) ::: war ::: A German officer requests him to join his wife, German War, and then patrolling the seas in China. When the first World War began, Emden was called for service and the sailor could not meet his wife. SMS Emden then helped the sinking passenger ship and the officer found that his wife was in the unfortunate liner. She appears in those who are protected and the sailor receives relief. After the ship briefly poured goodbye to the ports and sailor to his wife, the cruiser then meets HMAS Sydney in the war. Fortunately the officer escapes from a drowning vessel and meets with his wife.
1663 ::: Blood Army (2010) ::: war ::: For years it has been threatened, tension has grown, the truce has been caused and tested. The pieces fall in place; War is inevitable now, since the forces of good and evil are preparing for a torn roaring turbulent battle to put an end to all others, and at the end they decide the fate of the earth and its human inhabitants ...
1664 ::: Combat Killers (1968) ::: war ::: In late world World War, the United States Experienced United Emiser won Hyphones in the bloody war with Japanese troops in the bloody war with Japan. While trying to draw their men from his uncertainty, a lifterinter is planning each other to the other enemy that plans to be planned. Officer and a beautiful villagers are engaged in catch, but intensively try to warn their fatal risk.
1665 ::: Wunderland (2017) ::: war ::: Christmas 1944, the attackers in the German West give a final push against the armies of the friendly countries. Platoon of Lieutenant Robert Cappa and his 2 Infantry Division soldiers have been ordered to have an important road junction against German aggressive. Cappa and his men should know their belief and strength as "The Battle of the Bullj" to stand against their enemy in the epic battle.
1666 ::: O dromos ton iroon (1971) ::: war ::: In 1940, shortly before the burst of World War II, the Greek Embassy in Rome informed the Navy general personnel, who had identified an Italian spy to act in its surroundings, but in the meantime the spy was dead. After Elli's scoring, the clergy falls to Lieutenant Commander Vassilis Vachliotis, promised of the daughter of the Liosis of the Rear Admiral, who agrees to be deprived of serving to serve his homeland in this way, helping to discover and capture the Spies that plan to steal the secret plans of the Greek fleet.
1667 ::: "Qi jian" (2008) ::: war ::: Navy base chiefs Huawei hire Jeng Yuanhai to a wilderness to test his resolution. However, at the beginning of his training, Jeng Yuanhai always disagrees with the missile and the director of the Naval Mine Division Chen Jianjun. Ten years later, Chen Jianzun was the Disturbed Captain, and Jeng Yuanhai Frigate Captain. In the fight against an unknown invasive submarine, Jeng Yuanhai's knowledge and the courage of Chen Jianzun come together to build a strong sea protection. However, at a critical moment campaigning for the flagship captain, Chen Jianzun's momentary slip escapes from an unknown submarine. When he took his Army uniform, Chen Jianjun chooses Jeng Yuanhai to understand the great expectations of his generation. Jeng Yuanhai, who begins from a university student in the Navy, becomes the main captain after going through all the hardships and setbacks, and eventually leads a navy towards the blue sea to write a beautiful story about obedience and strength.
1668 ::: ArmA: Armed Assault (2007) ::: war ::: A small US Army contingent has been sent to the Atlantic Island of Sahrani in order to assist to train the local pro-American monarchy army. The Kingdom of Southern Sahrania, rich in natural resources, has always been contrary to its northern neighbor, the Democratic Republic of Sahrani. In recent years, however, the situation has settled in an anxious but peaceful coexistence. But the Democratic Republic of Sahrani sees the training of southern troops from the US as a threat. When learning that US troops have finished their deployment and are in the process of transport, the north prepares to hit while a false sense of security still occupies the minds of their southern neighbors.
1669 ::: The Volunteer (1944) ::: war ::: Following a masterful show like Othello at the London Theater, "Ralph Richardson (I)" (QV) is asked for an autograph by Fred, his dresser. A short short later, Fred joined the Fleet Air Arm (Fly Navy) and became a hero, who saved a pilot from his burning aircraft. When Fred goes to the Buckingham Palace, he touched Ralph to ask Autograph.
1670 ::: "The Bagley Boys" (????) ::: war ::: After the war broke out in August Gust 1914, the lives of 10 men of Bagale-on-the Old Lord have changed forever in Rural England. These men respond to the Call of their country and will join the original "Allies" Battalion of Lord Kitchen. Their initial joy on "to be their beat" for the king and the country will soon evaporate as they will see the horrors of the trench war. "The Buggle Boys" follows the lives of 10 men and their families during the 1914 to 1918 because they face the difficulties of the next life, the pain of being separated from their loved ones and the junowledge that not all of them come back home.
1671 ::: Bataan (1943) ::: war ::: Japan has just invaded the Philippines and the American army attempts a desperate defense. Thirteen men are chosen to blow up a bridge over the Batan peninsula and prevent the Japanese from rebuilding it.
1672 ::: Jeungeon (1974) ::: war ::: Lieutenant Jang has plans for the weekend with his girl, but North Korea fighter planes suddenly fill the sky of Seoul. It is June 25, 1950; The beginning of the Korean war. Despite the southern defense, the North Korean army is their best with high -tech weapons. We go from the invasion, along the way through the brutal battles to restore land. The tragedy of the war is all through personal experience.
1673 ::: Battle of Mortimers Cross (1987) ::: war ::: This was 2 February, 1461 and Edward Morimer (soon to win by the king Redvard) forced his Yorkers to win after a few weeks. The battle took place on the spills of Herefordshire, where Edwards has encountered a much bigger army, but in the end opened the way for Edward as king. This is the most famous Battle of Rose War
1674 ::: The Exploits of the Emden (1928) ::: war ::: A German officer wants his wife to join him in the German war SMS EMden, then patrolling seas in China. As the First World War erupts, Emden is called to service and the sailor is unable to meet his wife. SMS EMden then helps a passenger ship at the bottom and the officer reveals that his wife was on board the chimney of luck. It is found among the saved and the sailor is relieved. After the ship briefly the ports and sailors farewell to his wife, the cross then meets Has Sydney in battle and sunk. Fortunately, the officer escapes from the sinking ship and reunited with his wife.
1675 ::: "Misija majora Atertona" (1986) ::: war ::: The Great Atterter's job is a series of a TV in three areas. This true story is made up of two installments that the operation hydra. After the fall of the Justice Republic and the first time of the first enemy of the first enemy, the first time of the heavens of the heavens and the second largest stance occurrence of the second global war, at the beginning, at the beginning, to what Came in this regard on this issue that masally or chickens were actually fighting the occupants or against each other.
1676 ::: Le 7eme jour de Saint-Malo (1960) ::: war ::: Saint-Malo, Cité Corsaire: WW2 is coming to an end and the Germans know that their days are numbered. So they lock all men between 18 and 65 in the "Fort National" (which is now part of French national trust) on an island connected to the mainland by a narrow sand tongue. An English prisoner tries to get in touch with the resistant hunters. The secretary of the German commander, Solange, helps the prisoners to get new stocks.
1677 ::: Yuan dong jian die zhan (1992) ::: war ::: In 1937, Soviet General errors and Japanese brought his family from Russia to the Japanese in Manchukuvo. It was completed and then the White Russian commandos were appointed to attack General Russia in Russia.
1678 ::: The Volunteer (1944) ::: war ::: After a masterful performance like Othello in a London theater, "Ralph Richardson (I)" (QV) is invited to an autograph by Fred, his dresser. Shortly after, Fred joined the Fleet Air Arm (Fly Navy) and became a hero, saving a pilot from his airplane on fire. When Fred goes to the Buckingham Palace, it's Ralph's turn to ask for an autograph.
1679 ::: "Da Jue Ze" (2012) ::: war ::: In the summer of 1937, the Japanese began the best war of the invasion, the packing was surrounded by three sides, at stake. Professor of Boston University Wu MingTai began a trip to China, regardless of the patriotic patriotic scholars, yellow orchid lovers, and his assistant Shu Lijua firmly returned to China. After returning to Packing, Wu Mingatai set foot as Packing University Beijing, "Great East Asian Culture Strategy" to crush Japan's militaryism, "Liu Jian personally White, still Venzing, Chan King Zuang Patriarchy Humor. Kunming arrived, protecting a large number of students.
1680 ::: Margery Booth: The Spy in the Eagle's Nest (????) ::: war ::: Marry performed the Tiger Tank with Hitler on his birthday. As a singer she was able to remember some critical technical data as a song, which was sent back to the blechli park for decoding by her controller Hardy Amis and for the pleasure of Churchill, then ordered to catch one. When she hid British Airmen, she escaped narrow and eventually SS assault Van Mueller was caught by Gesto on the personal orders of the goring after the constant shadow, and eventually tortured her.
1681 ::: Russkaya zhertva (2009) ::: war ::: This is the story of the battle in 776th February 29, 2000.
1682 ::: "Voennaya razvedka. Severnyy front" (2012) ::: war ::: "War Information Service: Northern Front" is a preview of Season 1. This tells us about the formation of the vanguard's crew and shows its actions on the northern front before the start of the Finland war and during it. They spy on the Finnish artillery actions on the border with the Soviet Union, and witnesses do not want the first shot into the homeland. They recognize a camp where German coaches train agents to infiltrate the Soviet Union. They also blow up the gate to prevent the floods of our soldiers in the Moadheim line. And they even escape the Finnish shooter with the "killer officer" ...
1683 ::: Wien im Krieg (1916) ::: war ::: Vienna residents are lined up on the street to respect the soldiers going to the war. The butcher and the widow Franz XAVER WAMPERL succeeded in registering with the army, and the sons of the sons of the platoon are the same. FerDL is Womanizer, and at the same time has three fiancees in Vienna: Franzi, RESL, POLDI. All three girls remain faithful to him when he is not in front, and all of them send passionate love. In May, both ferdl and his father, Franz, returned to Vienna on a short vacation. They are sitting in an outdoor cafe with another soldier. When two women know that FerDL has both romance, they cry and start arguing. FerDL tries to escape, but lands in the battle between Franzi and RESL. Father Franz intervenes as the savior, re -installs, and crosses his arms. Meanwhile, FerDL sneaks in the turmoil. He jumps into the tram, where he finds Pordy, and he accepts and kisses. At the same time, the abandoned Franzi finds a new fiancee in the third soldier in the cafe.
1684 ::: Siroko je lisce (1981) ::: war ::: The action took place in 1943 and today, and a partisan school in Srem is at the center of the action. A young journalist is appointed to shoot a film report on the participants in the Liberation War of this field. In the village of Srem, she meets simple and simple people. She discovers that a free territory and a partisan school were there. She also discovers that everyone has acted as one. Deply crossing all these events, the young journalist becomes mature, identifying with the participants in the Revolution.
1685 ::: 101 (2016) ::: war ::: "101" is in respect of the movie "J'accuse!" This is considered one of the most important ant films in history. For which '101' is produced based on a silent structure. The film is about the Battle of Tannenberg, which was fought in 1914 in East Prussia. It ended in the victory for the Germans about the Russian forces. The supreme commander of the German army, Paul von Hindenburg, would go in history as the 'Victor of Tannenberg' because the German command decided to name the battle to the village of Tannenberg, which was close to where the fighting actually took place. In this way the Germans tried to disprove the history of a defeat they had suffered in the first battle for Tannenberg more than 500 years earlier in 1410. '101' is also concerned with the same protagonists who play the historical roles in the film. Their views in the form of documentary tableaus are immersed in the main plot of the film in accordance with a subjective musical story, as is characteristic of a silent film. '101' is an artistic view of today's world in a specific historical context, one that raises the question of whether 101 years after the outbreak of the First World War, it is even more logical to make a further anti-ware film ? And whether it is even worth the film 'J'accuse!' To worship. that almost sunk into oblivion.
1686 ::: "Obratnoy dorogi net" (1971) ::: war ::: The Great Red Army Toporkov escapes from the prisoners' camp at the request of the prisoners in the Partisan unit: The uprising is being prepared in the camp, weapons are needed. The commander sends the convoy with a gun, but there may be a traitor inside the unit.
1687 ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock (2012) ::: war ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock is a 2012 video game released for PS3, Xbox 360, and PC from developer games 505 and published by Paramount Digital Entertainment. It was released on March 13, 2012 in the United States and April 5, 2012 in Europe. It looks like Maverick, Iceman, Merlin, and Jester as support characters, 14 mission and aircraft. It also involves new pilot characters named Spider who is similar to Maverick, his wingman deadeye, and a fury that is similar to both an iceman and Charlie as a rival and love interest for a spider.
1688 ::: London Blitz (1983) ::: war ::: During the British War Brushwaffe looms in London Bomb. As a member engineer of your British company is to find these bombs and clear London citizens.
1689 ::: "Feng lei dong" (2013) ::: war ::: The story is concentrated on the lengers of the great merchant family in Harbin in the 1920s and 1930s. At that time, brutal Japanese soldiers spread the virus in Harbin. Through the most cruel means, they consider the Chinese people as their "test field". Lengers lead people to fight Japanese soldiers. With the mystery of the source of the Lengers, the lings suffer from decay. However, the three sons have a lot of difference in protecting their family and protecting the country. At the same time, they are also trapped with complex emotional confusion.
1690 ::: When We Were Heroes (2005) ::: war ::: "Wen V. Heroes" is a 12 to 20 -year -olds starring and built (no budget) war image. Without professional assistance or professional actors. Those who fought in the war called Operation Market Garden have the idea of ​​creating a dedicated film. Three youths from the 101st air department will fall deep into the occupied Holland on September 17, 1944; Operation Market Garden is the largest military action after de-day. Their targeted soldiers are facing the villages that occupy their targeted soldiers towards the Eindhoven and face with German forces and civilians. One of the victims was Anna Ruten, a young woman. Two brothers Joe and John Davidson and their close friend James H. The experiences of Perry's memories were recalled from the letters written by Joe and Anna after the war. "Wen V. Heroes" is a touching war play, with action. This image shows what the war is to be sent to young people who have been sent to war and show people to find people through war experiences.
1691 ::: Operation Blackbird (????) ::: war ::: During the WWII, an institution that turns women in a special operation called waves. Their groups are placed on a mission that has been placed on the identified mission called blackbrids. After the fighting, they are kissed by former cooperators and enemies. They should be left alone.
1692 ::: Kony Order from Above (2017) ::: war ::: Two children (Otti and Agutti) fall in love during the Northern Uganda Lords Resistance Army (LRA) rebellion, but when Otty is abducted at the age of 11, it is separated. Busted with each fruitless effort. So he decides to stay in the bush with LRA rebels and soon introduced the infamous LRA rebel leader Joseph Kony's internal command circle. Despite his concession for infamous, his love for Agooti is unaffected. In an attempt to maintain this, Otty wrote a letter to Agutti - who is then attending the school in Abok Girl's school - through the village Reverend. Soon, the LRA leadership gets the wind of communication and ruthless Captain Brown (High Commander of LRA) decided to attack the village, kidnapped all in which they were kidnapped. The rebels also attacked the Abok Girls School, where Agutti was abducted. On arriving at the rebel camp, the kidnappers are shown to the Koni, whose interest is unaware of the relationship between him and the OT, immediately on the side. She then forcefully takes her as a wife and she becomes her youngest woman. However, being in the inner circle, he finds close to the OT, which is coincidentally Kony's favorite and most reliable soldier. The OT is then tasked with the safety of Koni's latest wife Agutti - to torn the rebellious cause between loyalty to the cause and her love for her.
1693 ::: "Perevodchik" (2014) ::: war ::: It's a regular man story that gets a hero. Andy Petrovit Startrovit Startrovit "Charlie" Name, living in the old house with his wife and mother. This house is populated by the people of most countries. Russia is Russia, Ukraine, Jews, trimor and Armanites. But when they enter the Nazi city, the lives of civilians are changed. Charlie to rescued his family and friends, "Charlie" should work as a translator of Nazis ...
1694 ::: Sutjeska (1973) ::: war ::: The Battle of Sutjeska known as the fifth offensive '' is the most difficult, the most tragic and the greatest battle that led the Yugoslav supporters of the Second World War. Chaos, hell, destinations, suffering, heroic deaths and all of Sutjeska tragedy are a poetic way and at the same time on a tragically described way in this phenomenal film. This film was made for the 30th anniversary of the battle is also the most expensive film in the history of Yugoslav cinema. The Battle of Sutjeska known as the fifth offensive '' is the most difficult, the most tragic and the greatest battle that led the Yugoslav supporters of the Second World War. Chaos, hell, destinations, suffering, heroic deaths and all of Sutjeska tragedy are a poetic way and at the same time on a tragically described way in this phenomenal film. This film was made for the 30th anniversary of the battle is also the most expensive film in the history of Yugoslav cinema. Nel Maggio del 1943 L'Armata di Liberazione Jugoslava guidata da Tito Deve confronted the quinta offensiva delle Trupe Tedesche. The Lotta Si Rivela Senza Tregua per riuscire ad aprirsi a varco nella cerchia di ferro e di Fuoco del Nemico.
1695 ::: Balami be soo-ye sahel (1986) ::: war ::: At the end of October 1981, when KHORRAMSHAHR was in danger of collapse, the revolutionary guard commander was to help the warriors in Tehermorteza, and for the Iraqi roads. In addition, they should bring the port of KHORRAMSHAHR. Helicopter Mashal, but his efforts for helicopter failed, and Mortesa battalion.
1696 ::: Jeungeon (1974) ::: war ::: Lieutenant Gian has plans for the weekend with his girl, but the massive North Korea booms suddenly fill Seoul's sky. This is June 25, 1950; The beginning of the Korean War. Despite the defense of the South, the North Korean army defeats them with high -tech weapons. We move from the invasion, throughout the way through the brutal battles to restore the territory. The tragedy of war told through personal experience.
1697 ::: Tufan (1997) ::: war ::: Three old friends who are working on an oil drill after the Iraqi army attack fall apart. After several days in the sea, they once again meet each other in Khark Island and take responsibility for exporting oil there. But each has its own plans while it is certain that the enemy will also attack the island.
1698 ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock (2012) ::: war ::: Top Gun: Hard Lock is a video game from 2012 published by developer 505 Games for PS3, Xbox 360 and PC and published by Paramount Digital Entertainment. It was released in the USA on March 13, 2012 and on April 5, 2012 in Europe. It offers Maverick, Iceman, Merlin and Jester as supportive characters, 14 missions and planes. It also includes new characters, a young pilot called Spider, the Maverick, his wing man Deadeye and Fury, who resembles both Iceman and Charlie as a rival and love interest for Spider.
1699 ::: Wunderland (2017) ::: war ::: In Christmas in 1944, Germans make one last push to the western attacking Allies. AND in Robert Kappa and his second infantry squad soldiers have been ordered to retain important road junctions against German invaders. Kappa and his subordinates have to find religion and power to confront their enemies in a magnificent battle known as the Battle of Bargi.
1700 ::: Fallen Hero (2009) ::: war ::: Colonel Kevin Shee told his wife that he wanted all his men to go home alive before leaving for Iraq. After his tour ended, he voluntarily remains until his replacement arrived to guarantee the safety of his people. His decision to remain much of the reason that all his people took him, but it also cost him his life. Fallen Hero remembers Lieutenant Colonel Kevin Shea and looks at how people in the community return to the characters who have given so much to protect our freedoms.
1701 ::: Farewell My Indian Soldier (2016) ::: war ::: This document has shown, the story of Indian soldiers to the story of Indian troops through love and human love. During their slave in French runs, a number of Indian soldiers and French women for each other, and the children are born. The Hindu-French-French children were victims of critical victims, because most of them prevented them. This movie is inspired by such baby's story. In this film, a young girl, an unknown Indian soldier and the France's hosting walks around, and walks around, and walk around.
1702 ::: Snaiper 2. Tungus (2012) ::: war ::: World War II - Eastern Front: A new group of raw and inexperienced Soviet female snipers enter the front. To strengthen them, a commander chooses a tongos physician who is known for their hunting and marker skills to guide them in the battle. Soon a brutal duel develops with a shooter from the German elite. The main character based on Semyon Nomokonov is the Soviet Soviet leading shooter who has killed 367.
1703 ::: Desant na Drvar (1963) ::: war ::: The DRVAR raid known as the "Seventh Enemy Offensive" or as a "Horse Horse Surgery" was the last attempt by the Germans and Hitler to come to the Supreme Headquarters of the Partizan Army and destroy it with their supreme commander Titus, which will destroy it The whole guerrilla army. It was an ambitious experience of the German army by the end of May 1944, the guerrilla forces beheaded a parachute landing. After many barren attempts to crush Yugoslav guerrillas by conventional means, German General Lothar von Readulitz comes with a new plan. The elite parachute force will storm guerrilla headquarters in Drvar and try to capture or remove the guerrilla leader Tito. Meanwhile, the people of Drvar, miles from enemy lines, are preparing to celebrate Tito's birthday on May 25, 1944. The Drvar raid is another film called a guerrilla action-epic genre after the movie "The Battle of Kozara." The DRVAR raid known as the "Seventh Enemy Offensive" or as a "Horse Horse Surgery" was the last attempt by the Germans and Hitler to come to the Supreme Headquarters of the Partizan Army and destroy it with their supreme commander Titus, which will destroy it The whole guerrilla army. It was an ambitious experience of the German army by the end of May 1944, the guerrilla forces beheaded a parachute landing. After many barren attempts to crush Yugoslav guerrillas by conventional means, German General Lothar von Readulitz comes with a new plan. The elite parachute force will storm guerrilla headquarters in Drvar and try to capture or remove the guerrilla leader Tito. Meanwhile, the people of Drvar, miles from enemy lines, are preparing to celebrate Tito's birthday on May 25, 1944. The Drvar attack is the second film called the Partisan Exact-Epic genre after the movie "The Battle of Kozara."
1704 ::: O dromos ton iroon (1971) ::: war ::: In the 1940, before the generalization of the second deputy, reported to the general staff, but at the same time, spies were dead. Following Elihout of Elihout, the Dry Commander of Liffi Commander, Dry Admiral Luciel Luciel is planning to steal, the Greek plane strip plans.
1705 ::: Krvava bajka (1969) ::: war ::: The memory of the victims of the massacre of Kragujevac has been described through events related to a group of boys, shoes. At that time, thousands of workers refused to work for the invaders, and the whole city was exposed to severe suppression and harassment of innocent citizens and the cancellation of regular food ration.
1706 ::: First Flight (2008) ::: war ::: Pioneer Days in Siam (Thailand). Lieutenant Colonel Luang Kaj Yuthakarn was one of the first Thai soldiers to be sent to France to become a pilot. When he returned, Siam was the first Asian country to open an aviation department, where Thai pilots with a commission were able to become pilots to fight in World War I.
1707 ::: Operation Blackbird (????) ::: war ::: During the Second World War, a desk called Waves Women trains in Special Ops. A group of them is deployed on a mission known as Operation Blackbird. After the war they are hunted by former colleagues and enemies. They should have left them alone.
1708 ::: "Top Secret Level 18" (2011) ::: war ::: Top Secret Level 18 is a narrative film that discovers 18 true stories made in Ukraine during World War II. He passed under the stamp "Top Secret" in Soviet Secret Service Documents. The film reveals 18 terrible events that have been documented by revealing evidence and eyewitness testimony. These are events that help to make sense of the existing lies about World War II. The international audience is aware of the crimes committed by Nazi Germany, but there is little understanding of the crimes committed by Stalin and his own generals against his own people. The truth was buried for a long time as Stalin's USSR announced victory in the war.
1709 ::: Operation Jericho (2018) ::: war ::: While serve in the United States Marines, the CIA recruited two Muslim-American brothers to infiltrate a terrorist cell in Afghanistan; Fighting in the knowledge that destroying the entire village to kill a man will mean the loss of innocent life and true love.
1710 ::: ArmA: Armed Assault (2007) ::: war ::: A small U.S. military condition dispatched to the Atlantic Island of Sarani was sent to support the training of the local parent American monarchy military. The Kingdom of South Saharani, which is rich in natural resources, is always in conflict with the North neighbor, Saharani Democratic Republic. However, in recent years, the situation has settled in peaceful coexistence but uneasy. However, the Democratic Republic of Saharani regards the training of the Southern Army by the United States as a threat. When they know that the U.S. military has finished the development and they are in the process of shipment, the north will prepare to hit while the wrong sense of security is still occupying the southern neighbor's heart.
1711 ::: Vostochny koridor (1966) ::: war ::: The philosophical parallel "East Corridor" was measured and censored by Soviet artists, but it was still "breathing of freedom", but was created in the decline of "thawing." The 1960s film industry (actually, other production) is completely owned by the state, so it is an agenda, but not completely dominant, but it is a problem of commercial interest from the rental of the movie. 。 There were so -called state orders on important topics of the national ideology, such as revolutionary, military, historical, and biography. However, although it was not originally designed for the audience, there are also movies that are important for the annual "plan". Therefore, there is no doubt that the Eastern Corido focused on the theme of the Studio Bellaro Chifilm based on the normal partisan drum section, which talks about the heroism of the occupied Soviet Union. Eventually, the film was not only a way to see the boss, but not only for party officials, but also by very free critics. Therefore, it is surprising that the movie "Eastern Corido" still remains in the so -called "limited release" in 1968 after spending two years on the shelf. ("The crane is flying" and "Ivan's childhood") is sad ... The creative life of Valentin Vinogramf after the "Eastern Corridor" is obviously not well. did. The talent of the excellent director was not given to open, and he was forced to go to a "normal movie" ...
1712 ::: The Samson Option (????) ::: war ::: Birthrand attacks on the United States and Israel can lead to a global apocalypse. The first U.S. president, Sarah Man, must fight the enemy and abroad in search of a unique act of stopping madness and changing the flow of history.
1713 ::: Brothers in Arms (2003) ::: war ::: A movie about the unusual friendship that has been separated from six men for about 35 years since Vietnam. This documentary explores their Navy service in Delta Mekong, the effect that the war had on them, how their experience in Vietnam became the basis of a friendship and what is what is their "unbreakable bond". The group decides to visit the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall in Washington, D.C.
1714 ::: When We Were Heroes (2005) ::: war ::: "When we were a hero" is a war movie produced (no budget) performed from the age of 12 to 20. Without professional assistance or expert actors. The idea was to make a movie dedicated to people who fought in the battle called the Operation Market Garden. Three young men in the 101st Sora Borne category, which were deeply dropped in the Netherlands occupied on September 17, 1944. Operation Market Garden Day's biggest military action. Soldiers have encountered a occupied village on their mission to the Heaven, facing the German and private victims. One of the victims was a young girl named Anna Latten. Joe, John Davidson and his best friends James H. Perry's memories of the two brothers were remembered by Joe and Anna after the war. "When we were a hero" is an impressive drama of the war. The film indicates what wars are sent to the war, and shows various ways that people find to overcome war experience.
1715 ::: O dromos ton iroon (1971) ::: war ::: In 1940, shortly before the trigger of the Second World War, the Greek Embassy of Rome reported to the Navy staff, that an Italian spy had been identified to act in its environment, but while waiting , the spy was dead. After Elli's torpedo, the clergy falls on Lieutenant-commander Vassilis Vachlotis, engaged to the daughter of the Rear Admiral Liosis, who agrees to be deprived of serving his homeland in this way, helping to discover and capture spies Who plan to fly to fly to fly to fly to fly and fly to fly to fly to fly and fly to fly to fly to fly and fly to fly to fly to fly and fly to fly to fly to fly and fly to fly to fly to fly and fly to fly to fly to fly and fly to fly to fly to fly and fly to fly to fly and fly to fly to fly and fly to fly to fly and fly to fly to fly and fly to Fly and fly to fly to fly to steal and steal from thefts the secret plans of the Greek fleet.
1716 ::: Flight 208 (2007) ::: war ::: The style and thoughtful experiment will go to space and time, more than two hundred people, cultures and nations, cut into 5 minutes. A fast-developed audiovisual experience that reflects the pace of life and the death of the judgment in us. Dream, thought, a cutting monologue (or many logos) ...
1717 ::: Teukgongdaewa dolaoji anhneun haebyeong (1970) ::: war ::: As a prize for the hero, Jean Sergeant organizes a special force consisting of circus acrobatics. Before dispatching the Marine Corps, the acrobatt destroys the heavy armed North Korean army, and makes the beach safe to land the Marine Corps.
1718 ::: Geojedo: The 3rd Frontline (2017) ::: war ::: Geojedo Passes were set up of a military camp) in 1950 after Korea's end. All prisoners are Korean, two of the government's opinions - meetings and priests and can go into each other. In 1952, communists who left General, enthusiastic, to make them discussion with North Korea. Korean-US has collected the law of the US-US Disposing to Infloon Kim Kime Kuson Kim to rescue and add disorder. 'Studio Big Graphs' Created an event occurred in Geojedo P.o.W, FPV watches the active contractor by actively interacting with a contracting movie.
1719 ::: The Samson Option (????) ::: war ::: Bochemical Assembly in America and Israel leads the edge of the glace vol nots together. Mann, the first princely leader would have to be hostile at home and abroad when they apply it for good and change the way of history.
1720 ::: Lady from Chungking (1942) ::: war ::: In China occupied by Japanese, Madame Kwan Mei is the leader of a resistance organization based in a rural village. When two American aviators are shot down near the village, she plans to rescue them and make them help her organization. Then, when Japanese general Kaimura arrives at the village, he realizes that an important operation is imminent. She decides to impersonate an aristocrat, to gain the confidence of the general and learn her plans.
1721 ::: Geojedo: The 3rd Frontline (2017) ::: war ::: The Geojedo field P.O.W (War Prison Camp) was established in 1950 when the Korean War ends. All prisoners were Korean, however, they were returned by two ideologies: communism and capitalism and entered into conflict. In 1952, communist prisoners kidnapped General Dodd, the head of the camp, to negotiate his return to North Korea. The command of the combined forces of Korea-EE. UU. He decided to infiltrate the special agent Hoseon Kim to rescue the general and leave Riot. 'Studio Macro Graph' produced the abduction incident that took place in Geojedo P.O.W, camp in 1952 as a film content interactive vr interactive viv (FPV) through cinematographic direction and the element of interaction with the audience.
1722 ::: Maria's Song (????) ::: war ::: Maria's song tells the story of a bright, disobedient, eleven -year -old girl and her thirteen -year -old patron, her character, her brother George as they travel through an urban town to try to save their lives and defeat the chances in the fierce world to imagine S
1723 ::: Flight 208 (2007) ::: war ::: In style and thinking experiments, it spent space and time, spanning more than 200 people, and cutting culture and country in just 5 minutes. A fast -paced viewing experience that reflects the pace of life and the death of our inference. Dreams, thinking, cutting monologue (or multi -rogue) ... whatever it requires it through the most unusual flight.
1724 ::: Cross of Steel (2014) ::: war ::: Steel cross is the second world of war on the war on the war. The film follows the view and efforts from German troops. With no political action or third-party agenda. Join us as we appreciate the German war machine analysis and their elite combat tactics and training, mental state and irregular order.
1725 ::: "Top Secret Level 18" (2011) ::: war ::: Top Secret Level 18 is a narrative film that discovers 18 true stories made in Ukraine during World War II. He passed under the stamp "Top Secret" in Soviet Secret Service Documents. The film reveals 18 terrible events that have been documented by revealing evidence and eyewitness testimony. These are events that help to make sense of the existing lies about World War II. The international audience is aware of the crimes committed by Nazi Germany, but there is little understanding of the crimes committed by Stalin and his own generals against his own people. The truth was buried for a long time as Stalin's USSR announced victory in the war.
1726 ::: Combat Killers (1968) ::: war ::: In the latter half of World War II, an inexperienced US officer decides to win glory for himself, losing half of the platoon in a bloody battle with Japanese soldiers. While trying to extract his subordinates from an unstable standpoint, the middle EU escapes to another enemy army planning to wipe out the remaining soldiers using a well -imposed ambush. The officers and beautiful villagers are prisoner, but they warn the Americans for their fatal dangers to escape desperately.
1727 ::: Balami be soo-ye sahel (1986) ::: war ::: At the end of October 1981, when Korramshahr is exposed to the risk of collapse, the commander of the Revolutionary Guards Battalion to help the city of Tehran Mortza, and because of its way near the Iraqis, they should bring the port of Khorramshahir. Mahshahr from a helicopter, but his efforts for the helicopter failed and the Mortza battalion.
1728 ::: Geojedo: The 3rd Frontline (2017) ::: war ::: Geojedo POW Camp (prisoner of a war camp) was established in 1950 when the Korea ended the war. All the prisoners were Korean, however, they were surrounded by two ideologies - communism and capitalism and came to struggle each other. In 1952, Communist prisoners abducted the head of the camp General Dodd to negotiate to return North Korea. The Korea-US joint forces commanded to infiltrate the special agent Hosean Kim to save the general and save the riot. The 'Studio Macro Graf' produced a kidnapping event that was performed by the element of cinematic direction and the audience as the first Person View (FPV) interactive VR cinematic contents in Geojedo POW, 1952.
1729 ::: "Voennaya razvedka. Pervyy udar" (2011) ::: war ::: Series "War Intelligence Service: The First Lit" is the introduction to the first season, "Intelligence Service: Western Front Line" and it covers the first months of the great national war and intelligence employees in 1941-1942. The outline of the code of the invasion is performed ťbarbarossať, the Germans move quickly along the gas soil. Our personalities are challenged by the need to save science men with their families who have been received as hostages at the time of summer vacations. It becomes an almost impossible task for them to destroy a Soviet military factory that the Germans invaded. The return of a Soviet population to the German background will become a difficult psychological game. It is not enough to repeat it, his reputation must remain unconscious! In the fourth episode, intelligence officers are facing a challenge to overthrow the Nazi German agenda imposed by the Germans on the lands that Reich seized. While in that task, our heroes will only have to destroy Reichsmark, but also kill the man behind the new economic concepts, Gauleiter of Belorussia. As usual, intelligence officers will face impossible enemies and tasks, but with the strength of their reckless courage, intelligence and friendship that managed to deal with all "special issues".
1730 ::: Sutjeska (1973) ::: war ::: The Sutjeska battle known as '' Fifth Offensive '' is the worst, the most tragic and the largest battle that had led Jugoslav partisans in World War II. The chaos, hell, fate, suffering, all heroic deaths and tragedy of Sutjeska is one poetic way and at the same time tragically described in this phenomenal film. This film, was made for the 30th anniversary of the battle is also the most expensive film in the history of Yugoslav cinema. The Sutjeska battle known as '' Fifth Offensive '' is the worst, the most tragic and the largest battle that had led Jugoslav partisans in World War II. The chaos, hell, fate, suffering, all heroic deaths and tragedy of Sutjeska is one poetic way and at the same time tragically described in this phenomenal film. This film was made for the 30th anniversary of the battle is also the most expensive film in the history of Yugoslav cinema. Nel Maggio Del 1943 The Army di Liberazione Jugoslava Guidata da tito deve affrontare la quinta offensive delle truppe tedesche. La wrestle has revealed Senza tregua per riuscire ad aprirsi un varco nella cerchia di ferro e di fuoco del nemico.
1731 ::: Param Vir Chakra (1995) ::: war ::: Three friends at the National Defense Academy fall in love with a girl. They go through as Indian Defense Services officers, one becomes an army officer second by the seafarers and the third as an air force officer ... on birthday Girl everyone wants to propose the girl .. the fight against the borders was prominent .. the girl was in love with the maritime officer who decides not to hurt anyone as they will fight the war for the nation .. she did not want to break their hearts .. fight breaks .. love for the nation becomes supreme for all of them ...
1732 ::: Opasni put (1963) ::: war ::: In the last days of World War II, two former Yugoslav children managed to flee the Nazi forced labor camp. They start a long and dangerous journey home.
1733 ::: Victory (1913) ::: war ::: The Navy is ordered to the United States. Utah goes to the Athira Republic to protect the interests of the United States during the approaching revolution. When he arrives at the major port, Caiman, Commander Benson will go to the U.S. Embassy to proceed to the LI in the Word to the capital city of Valdiva and continue to advise the general situation. At the time of his arrival, LI in the word meets the Minister of Gordon and his daughter Helen. He also meets a young inventor who has just finished the construction of the hydroplane. While attending a government ball, Helen conspirates to assassinate President Martinez and conspirates General Della Monte to blast American battleships to get the government's reins. I heard. Helen tells Colonel Ward a conspiracy. Before he gets the opportunity to hinder these plans, Word Li is accidentally arrested for the murder of President Martinez. The Minister of Gordon ultimately gets LI's freedom in the word, but is not in time to prevent the conspiracy from retiring. They are hindered by wireless warnings, and Word Li determines that he has the only hope to fly 50 miles in hydroplaine. The video camera placed on the hydroplain itself shows an exciting race by air and land. The Word Li will be boldly gliding for battleships at a height of 1,500 feet, and barely reaches there to prevent destruction of mines in the port throwing a 200 -foot water tower in the air. Commander Benson fires in the fort as soon as this thrilling battle. Word LI asks for permission to drop bombs from water drops. He does it with a fatal result. Immediately, this battle occurs in a spectacular Navy battle, indicating that Uta is attacked by a foreign fleet, and Utah is defeating the fleet with the help of a bomb from a hydrop lane. The last scene of the Navy's battle shows a twisted steel helpless mass by a foreign ship actually sinks in one sea of ​​these ships. The wireless reaches COM. Benson of the U.S. embassy reports that a rebellion has occurred in the city. COM. Benson orders LI during the word to rescue with the Marine Corps. They are involved in the revolutionary who surpasses them three to one. After desperate engagement, the Marine Corps claims a foreign battery and defeats the enemy. Colonel Ward marches to Valdiva with the winning Marine Corps, Gordon and Helen rescue squads. The last scene indicates that he was as successful as a war to beat Helen.
1734 ::: Countering Extremism (2009) ::: war ::: Continuing a movie system. Sgt. Tony ortoga will find the employee Sof Sof's employer with your relationship with adults. Method: chart 1 - Heart and Armys 2 - Crossroads of Estade 8 - Standing and Figure 8 - Return to the competition - after checking.
1735 ::: Hamase-ye darre-ye Shiler (1987) ::: war ::: Plot Summary: Rahim is expelled from revolutionary guards (IRGC). He steals a minibus, goes to Cordestan, and is stopped and prevented by the Kurdish Democratic Party branch of Iran under the chairmanship of Hasam Khan. The party is bringing weapons and ammunition from Iraq. The IRGC learns about this and sends someone with the assumed name to get more information. Kurds know Nasher and kills him. Hasam Khan was also killed by a village. Rahim's real identity becomes known when he goes to Iraq to get ammunition. To prove his innocence, he goes to IRGC's headquarters and volunteers for suicide mission. Winning the Kurdish Democrats and IRGC Force begins the clash.
1736 ::: Margery Booth: The Spy in the Eagle's Nest (????) ::: war ::: Margari was with Hitler on his birthday, which was presented with a tiger tank. As a singer, he was able to make some of the important technical data as a song to decodate his Hardy Amis controller and to the pleasure of Churchill that then sent one of them to Beltcheley Park. Leave. While hiding the British hideouts, he had a narrow escape, and eventually was constantly caught by Gestapo by Gestapo by SS Thug Von Mülller, who eventually tortured him.
1737 ::: Cross of Steel (2014) ::: war ::: Cross of Steel is a World War II documentary like no one. The film follows from the perspective of German soldiers and attempts to portray an impartial view. Without political obligations or third -party plans. Join us because we analyze the German war machine and separate their elite martial arts tactics and training, advanced weapons, psychological ventilation, and unique discipline.
1738 ::: The Exploits of the Emden (1928) ::: war ::: A German officer asks his wife to join him in German war sms, then patrols China. With the start of World War I, Emden is summoned to serve and the sailor is unable to meet his wife. SMS then helps a passenger ship drowning and the officer discovers that his wife is riding on a malicious liner. He is found in the saved and the sailor is relieved. After the ship briefly bids the port and the sailor of his wife, the ship then meets and drowns in the battle with Sydney HMAS. Fortunately, the officer escapes from the drowning ship and re -united with his wife.
1739 ::: Hamase-ye darre-ye Shiler (1987) ::: war ::: Plot Summary: Raheem was expelled from Revolutionary Guards (IRGC). He steals a minibus and goes to Cordeston, Iran Kurdish, led by Hessam Khan, is blocked by a branch of the Democratic Party and forcibly detained. The party is bringing weapons and ammunition from Iraq. The IRGC is aware of this and sends people who are named Nasser to get more information. The Kurds Nasser is identified and killed. Hessam Khan was also killed by a villager. Raheem's true identity is known when Iraq goes to Iraq to get ammunition. To prove his innocence he goes to IRGC headquarters and volunteers for the suicide mission. Clashes begin as the Kurdish Democrats and IRGC troops win.
1740 ::: O dromos ton iroon (1971) ::: war ::: In the 1940, before the generalization of the second deputy, reported to the general staff, but at the same time, spies were dead. Following Elihout of Elihout, the Dry Commander of Liffi Commander, Dry Admiral Luciel Luciel is planning to steal, the Greek plane strip plans.
1741 ::: "Underground" (2009) ::: war ::: Adapted from the famous novel by writer Shi Zhongshan of the same name, there is an acura that founds around the party in the hidden front to make a special contribution to the heroes of the masterpiece. On the eve of liberation, our "underground" party of the workers Liu Kehao successfully at the Secret Station of the Kmt Secrets Office, with the "land" of the army agents, successfully achieved the confidence of the station Xu Yinchu, successfully completed the Shenyang "city defense map" Arduous task, for our Pacific Military Liberation of Shenyang has made outstanding contributions. After liberation, Liu Kehao and other "underground" workers in the "land" in the work of the public security office, to address latent spies.
1742 ::: Broj 55 (2014) ::: war ::: In the fall of 1991, a small group of Croatian soldiers went to a patrol in a makeshift armored vehicle. Shortly thereafter, they will be planted and their vehicle will be destroyed, in this situation they were forced to hide in a nearby house. While located in this house, they will be attacked by rebels, Serbian Special Forces and DNA (Yugoslav People's Army, also redirected as the Yugoslav National Army). Their resistance to the attackers would last 24 hours, while their fellow fighters would try to try to get them out of there. The film and the story are based on real events that happened during the Croatian War of Independence. In the fall of 1991, a small group of Croatian soldiers went to a patrol in a makeshift armored vehicle. Shortly thereafter, they will be planted and their vehicle will be destroyed, in this situation they were forced to hide in a nearby house. While they are located in this house, they will be attacked by rebels, Serbian Special Forces and DNA (Yugoslav People's Army, also called the Yugoslav National Army). Their resistance to the attackers would last 24 hours, while their fellow fighters would try to try to get them out of there. The film and the story are based on real events that happened during the Croatian War of Independence.
1743 ::: Sgt. Dondi (1980) ::: war ::: Join the army, see the world. Join the army, see the mud. Sergeant Dondi and his men are in a mission. A mission to do what is not safe. See Dondi Tudge through the jungles in southern Asia, leading characters as rare as Hollywood, Psycho, Dago and Scout. Will they reach your goal? Will they be successful? A package verification is in order.
1744 ::: Tren (1978) ::: war ::: A young man from the Ibar river banks goes to the revolutionary war. It turns out to be one of the main moments that later leave marks on his life. The conflict of war follows along with his intimate internal conflicts. He feels the need to think as a human being despite the horrors that surround him. This is the deeply incorporated need of this man-the need for love, understanding and justice.
1745 ::: The Crimson Wing (1915) ::: war ::: Count Ludwig von Leun-Walram, a German army officer, meets Marguerite Clairon, an actress, while in a watering place on the France border line. She comes in love with her and reveals her feelings. He denies it in such a kind that she only loves more. Later, the Count meets Marcelle de Lembach, a French General's daughter, who knew in childhood. He enters deeply in love with her. While still raising it, however, the war comes out between Germany and France and is called back to his command. Marcelle is intensely patriotic and goes to the forefront with her father. She runs a troop of soldiers against a German scouting party when the officer is killed. It is caught by the Count, which sends it safely to French lines. Paul D'Arblay, Spy, is one of Mlle's claims. Clairon, who hates her. He swear that he will bring it into his power. It joins the French army as a Red Cross nurse. On the battlefield she finds the injured and nursing account until he has almost recovered. Then arrange to send him back to his command. Arblay discovers this and threatens to undo the number as a spy unless he gives his wishes. She consented to save the count, promising to meet her at her nearby aunt's house. He goes there that evening and finds her dead. She kept her promise, but she takes poison instead of submitting him. The count meets Marcelle after the war is over and are bride.
1746 ::: Hong se niang zi jun (1961) ::: war ::: In the 1930s, Wu Qionghua was a nan-ba-tian housemaid, a cruel commander of a village in Hainan Island, China. Often abused by her master, Qionghua was finally rescued by Hong Changqing, a leader of women's red detachment-a troop of female soldiers. She joined the troop and became the leader of the detachment after Hong's death. They captured and executed the commander of war and released the village of Qighonhua's house.
1747 ::: Battle of Mortimers Cross (1987) ::: war ::: 2 February 1461 and Edward Mortimer (soon to be the fourth Edward King) led his Yorkist forces to win against the Lancastrian invading army just weeks after his father and brother were executed. The battle took place on the rolling hills of the heret, where Edward's forces confronted a much larger army, but prevailed in the end, paving the way to Edward's crowning as king. Is probably the most famous battle of rose warfare
1748 ::: Dom Zauvijek (2012) ::: war ::: During the World War (1991-1995), Croatia was devastated by an estimation of 20 to 25 % of the destroyed economy. Tens of thousands of people died and more homeless. Through the voices of ordinary people, returning home tells the story about the raising of Balkan's invisible country, which has a huge nature, human beauty, and an invisible barkan country. A country that maintains scars on conflicts during the Independence War. Although it reflects a part of history, it cannot change, but it has a positive method and has influenced it.
1749 ::: Zvezde su oci ratnika (1972) ::: war ::: When a warrior dies, a star is born, when one of us dies when born in a group of stars. Younger children are fascinated by the ancient legends and the stories of the older people, people prepare their signature to shoot and put themselves in front of the German pipe.
1750 ::: Pacific Islands (1992) ::: war ::: Ian Wright visits the Pacific Islands of Fiji, Vanuutu and Solomon Islands. He started his journey in Fiji, where he is welcomed by a local tribe with a Kawa drinking ceremony. Mild drugs are often given guests as a sign of friendship, and they are also used to seal the connection, mainly to start conferences and celebrate birth, death and marriage. It also dives on the Astrolab Reef, which is 30 km to the east of the small island to the north of the bracelet. Extends intact. On the Fijian island of Manna, Ian feeds shark with a local man named API. API comes from a family who believes that it has a shark affiliated, and has been training sharks for the last two years. In Mana, a group of islands in Ian Binmoutu named the new Hebrids in 1774 by Captain Cook. On the island of Ambrain it meets with a tribe head that studies male and witnesses a traditional Rome dance, where the dancers represent to be a spirit that lives inside their costumes. It also visits the hot spring on the island of Secivi and Tanna, where it is on a large Yasur volcano. It is the most accessible and active volcano in the world. Ian continues to travel to his Solomon Islands. During World War II, the islands were used as a battlefield between Americans and Japanese, and thousands of abandoned ships and tanks now waste the country and the sea. Ian Gizo goes, where he dives to Tao Maron, the most intact of all wrecks, with still bottles, typewriters and everyday items that were riding when the ship was going down. On Busus Island, Ian shell makes money. This traditional currency is still used to resolve the bride's prices and disputes.
1751 ::: Desant na Drvar (1963) ::: war ::: The DRVAR raid known as the "Seventh Enemy Offensive" or as a "Horse Horse Surgery" was the last attempt by the Germans and Hitler to come to the Supreme Headquarters of the Partizan Army and destroy it with their supreme commander Titus, which will destroy it The whole guerrilla army. It was an ambitious experience of the German army by the end of May 1944, the guerrilla forces beheaded a parachute landing. After many barren attempts to crush Yugoslav guerrillas by conventional means, German General Lothar von Readulitz comes with a new plan. The elite parachute force will storm guerrilla headquarters in Drvar and try to capture or remove the guerrilla leader Tito. Meanwhile, the people of Drvar, miles from enemy lines, are preparing to celebrate Tito's birthday on May 25, 1944. The Drvar raid is another film called a guerrilla action-epic genre after the movie "The Battle of Kozara." The DRVAR raid known as the "Seventh Enemy Offensive" or as a "Horse Horse Surgery" was the last attempt by the Germans and Hitler to come to the Supreme Headquarters of the Partizan Army and destroy it with their supreme commander Titus, which will destroy it The whole guerrilla army. It was an ambitious experience of the German army by the end of May 1944, the guerrilla forces beheaded a parachute landing. After many barren attempts to crush Yugoslav guerrillas by conventional means, German General Lothar von Readulitz comes with a new plan. The elite parachute force will storm guerrilla headquarters in Drvar and try to capture or remove the guerrilla leader Tito. Meanwhile, the people of Drvar, miles from enemy lines, are preparing to celebrate Tito's birthday on May 25, 1944. The Drvar attack is the second film called the Partisan Exact-Epic genre after the movie "The Battle of Kozara."
1752 ::: Fallen Hero (2009) ::: war ::: Lieutenant-Colonel Kevin Shea told his wife that he wanted all of his men to go home before he left for Iraq. After the end of his visit, he volunteered to stay until the arrival of his replacement to ensure the safety of his men. His decision to stay was a large part of the reason why all his men returned home, but it also cost him his life. Fallen Hero remembers Lieutenant-Colonel Kevin Shea and examines how people in the community give heroes who have given so much to defend our freedoms.
1753 ::: Marcia o crepa (1962) ::: war ::: French Foreign Corps Commander is told to assemble the unit and capture the Algerian rebels. He gathers in his old unit, most of which is no longer the best. One has the indiscriminate nightmares of the past, the other is drinking, and the other is losing nerves. He captures the leaders and takes them, but cannot go to pick up. He encounters a rebel patrol and is trapped unless they can escape before their water disappears.
1754 ::: The Waler: Australia's Great War Horse (2015) ::: war ::: More than 130,000 Australia worked in the war of 1914-18. Nearly thirty involved in the Middle East. Well known as 'Walers', it's in lower open air and be born. They traveled to their men to win on the road to Damascus, but at their end end. This is the history of their rulers, their work, and humidity. The battle donkey takes us on the Australia, across the Indian Sea, the Pyramid, and the sand which exists in the Middle East. When Galipoli's, the Turck Otmanian threatening to be the campaign of three years in Palestine, moving to 'the march' from the Jordan Valley and hold Damascus. The desert of the desert, or small soldiers, behaviors of the horses in the field and fight. Parts of contributing people and horses, and the death of a donkey is a unnecessary experience. For the first time, horses caused two traditions: Michael Shanahan and 'Bill Booody', and 'midnight'. And, ultimately, it reveals why our horse does not return home.
1755 ::: Zvezde su oci ratnika (1972) ::: war ::: When a dead person, a star is born to a star, whom to die when he was born with a star. The ancient legends in old fascinates, people are willing to be shot and put yourself in front of the Pipe German.
1756 ::: Snaiper 2. Tungus (2012) ::: war ::: World War 2 - Eastern Front: A new batch of inexperienced female Soviet snipers arrive at the front. To strengthen them a commander chooses Tungus Medic that people are known for their game skills and brands to lead them in battle. So develop ruthless duel with a German elite sniper. The main character is based on the best Soviet sniper Semyon NomoKonov who had 367 kills for his credit.
1757 ::: Bataan (1943) ::: war ::: Japan has now attacked the Philipines and the US army tries to defend. Thirteen men were selected to blow up a bridge on the Batan Peninsula and not rebuild the Japanese.
1758 ::: Snaiper 2. Tungus (2012) ::: war ::: World War 2 - Eastern Front: a new series of raw, inexperienced female Soviet snipers arrive at the front. To strengthen them, a commander chooses a Tungus -Medic whose people are known for their hunting skills and shooting skills to lead them into battle. Soon a merciless duel with an elite German sniper develops. The main character is based on the top Soviet Sniper Semyon Nomokonov who had 367 murders to his name.
1759 ::: Dom Zauvijek (2012) ::: war ::: During the home war (1991-1995), Croatia was destroyed with estimates between 20 and 25% of the destroyed economy. Tens of thousands were killed and many more were homeless. Through the voices of ordinary people, homecoming tells a story about the increase in a small, invisible Balkanland with huge natural and human beauty from the ash of terror. The country that still bears the physical and psychological scars of the conflict during the War of Independence. It reflects part of the story that, although it can never be changed, has shaped and influenced a generation.
1760 ::: Seulpeumeun jeobyeoldeulegedo (1978) ::: war ::: During the Korean War, the village is uprooted by the North Korean Army and forced the villagers to surrender. Man-box, village stupid, adopts the methods of his winner with gaiety, but when he sees a young boy while weighing, he starts to change from heart and a girl is heard that her mother -How the father was killed.
1761 ::: To the White Sea (????) ::: war ::: During the second lesson war, the gutter fell to the gutter dirted while the bomb was shot. The man is physically and mentally, physically and mentally in acutely and hydically to survive Alaska to survive.
1762 ::: Russkaya zhertva (2009) ::: war ::: It is the story of Battle for Height 776 on February 29 - March 1, 2000. A company of parachutists from the 76th Airborne Division from PSKOV was attacked by superior troops of Cjechen separatists and foreign mercenaries, in an attempt to prevent cover.
1763 ::: Krvava bajka (1969) ::: war ::: Kurjavi Agreement Kill is the victims of the victims through events that in the bodies of boys, belongs to the shoes. At the time, thousands of workers declined to work for the occupiers, and to prevent innocent and preventing the malnutrition of food.
1764 ::: "Underground" (2009) ::: war ::: The same name of the same name is made from a famous writer of a fast writing novel, a party around the party in Master-levelers. In the course of freedom, our party "typical agents are successfully" successfully of the mountains "successfully" Snipens successfully "Sniperes of City Defense" Food for Shing Turkey Freedom The job is parted to help the Shineseganak Freedom. Freedom, Levi Koh and Noor "Kilometers" workers "on" Earth "staff.
1765 ::: "Da Jue Ze" (2012) ::: war ::: The summer of 1937, the Japanese launched a comprehensive war of aggression, Peking was surrounded by three sides, is under discussion. Boston University professor Wu Mingtai Patriotic researchers, despite the opposition of yellow orchid lovers, and his aide Shu Lijuan firmly entered a return of return to China. Upon returning to Peking, Wu Mingtai entered Peking University of Peking, for the printing of Japanese militarism "The Great Strategy of Eastern Asian Culture", Liu Jian led personally white, still Wenjing, Chan Zhuang Patriotic researchers overcame Changsa, on The bottom arrived at Kunming, protecting a large number of students.
1766 ::: Fallen Hero (2009) ::: war ::: Lieutenant-Colonel Kevin Shea told his wife that he wanted all of his men to go home before he left for Iraq. After the end of his visit, he volunteered to stay until the arrival of his replacement to ensure the safety of his men. His decision to stay was a large part of the reason why all his men returned home, but it also cost him his life. Fallen Hero remembers Lieutenant-Colonel Kevin Shea and examines how people in the community give heroes who have given so much to defend our freedoms.
1767 ::: Not Another Mistake (1988) ::: war ::: Stracker (Richard Norton) Vietnam Wet with a chip on his shoulder since his wife and daughter were killed on the invasion of the house. He hires him to return to Vietnam to protect some POW/MIA, including a commander Harrison. Recognizing that he has nothing to lose, he accepts the mission.
1768 ::: Pacific Islands (1992) ::: war ::: Does examination are visiting the relaxation of Fiji, vanio and Sulaiman Islands. He started traveling in Fiji, where he welcomes the local command with the nomads. Leaves are often recommended as a mark of friendship, and used for the union, mainly conferences and counts to start from births and maps. He also blooms in Austrabell Reef, which is unbelieving in the lower island to the king of the minor island. About Mena Faugene island, Nyan feeds with a local man with a local man named API names. API comes from a family that believes that it is associated with sharks, and sharks feed for the past two years. From the meaning, friends went to a group of island to a group of the spirit that lives in their cultivation. He also visited the tankea, and tanka island, where he gets him to the Yosur beans. It's the most accessible and active horror. IAN continues its journey to the Spoon Islands. On the course of the second World War, II has been used during war land between the Americans and Japanese and thousands of ballot and nanks now. IAN Going to GIZO, where he goes to the Tea Marman, which still bottles, typines, types and other every day that the ship has fallen. On the bush island, asyns are getting spell money. This traditional currency is still used to set up marriage prices and conflicts.
1769 ::: "Qi jian" (2008) ::: war ::: Heng Yuanhai joined the Navy Army with great expectations to contribute to a strong Chinese Navy force. Navy base chief Lu Hui appointed Zheng Yuanhai to a deserted place to test his resolve. However, at the beginning of his training, Zheng Yuanhai always struggles with Missile and Naval Mines Division Director Chen Gianjun. Ten years later, Chen Gianjun becomes a destructive captain, and Zheng Yuanhai becomes a frigate captain. In the fight against an unknown aggressive submarine, Zheng Yuanhai's intellect and chain gianjun's courage comes together in creating a strong sea defense. However, in the important moment of election campaign for the chief captain, Chen Gianjun has a result of escape from the unknown submarine as a result of a transient slip. When he takes off his army uniform, Chen Gianjun chose Zheng Yuanhai to realize the great expectations of his generation for himself. Zheng Yuanhai, who begins with a student of a university admitted in the Navy, becomes a major captain after going through all the difficulties and failures, and eventually a blue sea to the blue sea to write a beautiful story about loyalty and strength. Leads the fleet.
1770 ::: Awaiting Time (2005) ::: war ::: Joel left Joe, to take care of Joel, when attempting to deal with war with her husband. Connection with his friend and Pearl, Marie begins with only the way to do it by entry ... day ... and wait.
1771 ::: Siroko je lisce (1981) ::: war ::: The action takes place in 1943 and today, and a partisan school in Srem is in the action center. A young journalist is appointed to film a film report on the participants in the war of release of this area. In Srem's village, meet common and simple people. She discovers that a free territory and a partisan school were there. She also discovers that everyone acted as one. When passing through all those events, the young reporter becomes Maduro, identifying with the participants of the Revolution.
1772 ::: The Exploits of the Emden (1928) ::: war ::: German Officer for his wife to join the Emden, and then in China metatically seas. As World War I started, he is invited to serve Emden and is unable to meet with a sailor's wife. Then SMS determines the drowning passenger ship and the woman's woman standing on board on board. It occurs between rescued, and the sailor is simplified. After shipment, short-term ports and seafaring wife, Krezer met and drowned in battle with Krezer Khmed Sydney. Fortunately, the officer escaped from a drowning ship and reunited with his wife.
1773 ::: ArmA: Armed Assault (2007) ::: war ::: The Small army of the United States Army has been sent to the Saharani Atlantic Island that is locally intended to help the target of the army. A rich in natural resources, always available with the Northern Neighbor's neighbor's neighborhood with north with neighborhood neighborhood. However, in recent years, the situation insecurity has yet led to peaceful peaceful cooperation. But he sees the Sehrani Democratic Republic of the United States as a threat. When they have learned that US troops ended and the wrong sense of security about security still has the minds of their southern neighbors.
1774 ::: "The Red" (2014) ::: war ::: In 1937, the Japanese imperialists started a brutal aggression war against China, the Chinese nation has made crucial importance in a critical period. The XU day was originally an ordinary small accounting color, an accident with a patriot and the Japanese war. He was touched by the Patriotic Spirit. That is why he used his sharp mind to help the patriots transport important materials. During this time he met Jin and Tielin, they have a complex background and met the beautiful wife Tian Dan. In the troubled times, the legend of Shanghai, Xu Tian was not only witnesses, but also in the important moment of historical change ......
1775 ::: Fallen Hero (2009) ::: war ::: The col. Kevin Shea told his wife that he wanted all his men to come home alive before leaving for Iraq. After the end of his tour he is volunteering to stay until his replacement has arrived to ensure the safety of his men. His decision to remain was a big part of the reason all his men made him home, but also worth his life. Fallen Hero remembers the col. Kevin Shea and look at how people in the community are giving back to the heroes they have given so much to defend our freedoms.
1776 ::: Kraljevski voz (1981) ::: war ::: This is 1941 and the German occupation forces take over Yugoslavia, which makes the train to Kingjevo a dangerous game for a secret communist agent carrying important documents. Both the Germans and the police are looking for him on the train, and his safe arrival in Kings seems like an impossibility. His determination to bring out the documents to the right people continues it, even by battle with a gun after the train arrives - causes him to find a way to fulfill his mission.
1777 ::: Farewell My Indian Soldier (2016) ::: war ::: This is a fictional document, the story of Indian soldiers through the eyes of love and human affection. During their furlough on French barns, some Indian soldiers and French women developed affection for each other, and children were born. These Indo-French children became victims of taboo, as many people avoided them. This film is inspired by the history of one such boy. In this movie, a young girl, a descendant of an unknown Indian soldier and his French hostess, trips around France, Belgium, England and India, and weaving around the fascinating history of the soldiers Indians at WW1.
1778 ::: Siroko je lisce (1981) ::: war ::: The procedure occurs in 1943 and today, a SREM party at the work center. A young journalist is appointed to shoot a film report on the participants in the liberation war from this field. In the village of Sarim, it meets in common and simple people. You discover that a free area and a party school was there. You also discover that everyone acted as one. You are going through all these events, the young reporter grows, as it defines itself with the participants in the revolution.
1779 ::: Kraljevski voz (1981) ::: war ::: It was 1941 that the German armies took Yugoslavia, train playport and chemical sports for privacy and privacy The two German German and the police are looking for it on the train, its coming and the coming in Kallavo as possible. His determination to get the right people will get the right people to go, and it goes, by a gun attack when warfare will arrive - know the way to finish his work.
1780 ::: Hamase-ye darre-ye Shiler (1987) ::: war ::: Summary of the plot: Rahim is expelled from the revolutionary guards (IRGC). He steals a minibus, goes to Kordestan and is intercepted and arrested by force by a branch of the Kurdish Democratic Party of Iran headed by HESSAM Khan. The party is bringing weapons and ammunition from Iraq. The IRGC finds out about this and sends someone with the name of course Nasser to obtain more information. The Kurds identify Nasser and kill him. HESSAM Khan is also killed by an villager. Rahim's true identity is known when he goes to Iraq to obtain ammunition. To demonstrate your innocence, you go to the headquarters and Volunteers of IRGC for a suicidal mission. The clashes begin with the Kurdish Democrats and the IRGC forces win.
1781 ::: Farewell My Indian Soldier (2016) ::: war ::: It is the documentary, the story of the Indian soldiers through the eyes of love and human affection. During their leave on French barns, some French Indian soldiers and women developed for each other and children were born. These indo-French children have become the victims of a taboo, because most people avoided them. This film is inspired by the story of one of these children. In this film, a young girl, a descendant of an unknown Indian soldier and his French hostess, trips through France, Belgium, England and India, and held them around the fascinating history of the fascinating history Indian soldiers during the First World War.
1782 ::: When We Were Heroes (2005) ::: war ::: "When we were heroes" is a (no budget) military film that was acted and produced by those aged 12 to 20 years. Without any professional help or professional participants. The idea was to make a movie dedicated to those who fight in the battle called the Market Garden operation. Three young men from the 101st Air Division, who dropped deeply in the occupied Netherlands on September 17, 1944; Operation Market Garden The largest military action after D-Day. On their mission to Eindhoven, soldiers meet occupied villages and collide with German troops and civil casualties. One of the victims was a young girl named Anna Rutten. The experiences of the two brothers Joe and John Davidson and their close friend James H. Perry memories recalled letters written back and forth by Joe and Anna after the war. "When we were heroes" was a touching drama of war full of action. The film shows what a war on young people who have been sent to the war and shows different ways in which people find to go through the war experiences.
1783 ::: Flight 208 (2007) ::: war ::: A experiment in style and thought travels into space and time, covers more than two hundred people, and cuts about 5 minutes of cultures and nations. A fast audio and video experience that is reflected in the rapid life and death of reasoning around us. A dream, a thought, a cutting monologue (or a few kicks) ... whatever it is, it takes an unusual flight.
1784 ::: Geojedo: The 3rd Frontline (2017) ::: war ::: Geozo POW Camp (prisoner of war camps) was set up in 1950 when the Korea war ended. All the prisoners were Koreans, however, they were associated with two ideologies - communism and capitalism and came under each other's struggle. In 1952, Communist prisoners kidnapped the chief general of the camp, so that they could negotiate their return to North Korea. The command of the Korea-US joint forces decided to infiltrate the special agent Hosone Kim to save the general and keep the riot down. 'Studio Macro Graf' built the kidnapping incident, which took place in Geojdo P.O.W, Camp in 1952, which was the first person scene (FPV) as an element of cinematic direction and interactions with the audience as an interactive VR cinematic material Happened.
1785 ::: "Zhan Lei" (2013) ::: war ::: Gao Deng, a rebellious recruit, which cannot adapt to military life, is assigned to the mountain fixing team, where he meets a veteran with special skills called Lin Feng. Gao Deng and Lin Feng are gradually become good friends. In order to ensure the safety of the lives and the properties of people living on the border, the army is organizing an action for lighting mines. Consequently, Gao Deng and Lin Feng go to erased mines for the local population, making a large contribution to the eradication of mines in this area. After the action, they join the mine action group for borders demarcation, open the transition from demarcation of the limits with their comrades, eradicate the fields of mine around the new border tablets and ensure the safety of the personnel involved in The demarcation of borders, thus successfully completing the important task of the important task of erection of limits. While cleaning the mines, Lin Feng sacrifices his life for children living on the border. After the death of Lin Feng, Gao Deng inherits his will and becomes an excellent peacekeeping soldier through training and hard work, which composes a heroic song of the contemporary Chinese soldier with his blood and sweat.
1786 ::: "Top Secret Level 18" (2011) ::: war ::: Top Secret Level 18 is a narrative film that explores 18 real stories that occurred in Ukraine during World War II. They passed under the "Top Secret" seal in the documents of the Soviet Secret Service. The film discovers 18 terrible incidents that are documented revealing evidence and testimonies of eyewitnesses. These are events that help to understand the scope of existing lies over World War II. The International Hearing is aware of the crimes committed by Nazi Germany, but has less understanding about the crimes committed by Stalin and their generals against their own people. The truth was buried for a long time when Stalin's USSR declares victory in the war.
1787 ::: Hurricane: Squadron 303 (2019) ::: war ::: Hurricane (Squadron 303) is the story of a group of courageous rods that fought in heaven over England in World War II not only to keep Great Britain free from the Nazis, but also about the idea of ​​its own country, which existed in his modern Form barely twenty years before it was knocked down between the opposing pines in Germany and Russia. Equipped with the almost soluble hurricane and (with an initial restraint), the RAF blue uniforms in the face of RAF uniforms while fighting, Poland lived. 1940. Great Britain stands in Europe alone against the growing stain of the rampant Nazi -rich, its nervous residents wonder what the future is doing. But a handful of people on this oppressed island know only too well what could have a possible future. You saw how Warsaw burned, Poland crumbled, surrendered to France. Men like Jan Zumbach, Witold Urbanowicz, Miroslaw Feric and Tolo Lokuciewski, Pilots of the Polish Air Force, who know that if the Air Force is not stopped, Poland, Holland and France were only Hitler's Hors d'oeuvre. So you are ready to fight when you get the planes. The problem is that the British do not trust the bloody poles. And so the pilots, strangers in a very strange country in fact, have to wage several wars at the same time in the course of a few months - with the xenophobia of the authorities and the public, with the language, the unknown hurricane collector, with the battle -hardened Air Force. But as soon as they are reluctant to go into operation by the RAF, the Polish fighters show what they can do by having an outer out of the enemy - and achieving their allies. The once enemy British Feelet The Polish Flyer as heroes - even savior. Now, however, the Poles have a fresh enemy - even when nerves and tiredness demand a terrible tribute to men who were pushed to the border by constant air warfare to save their own country over a foreign country. Not everyone will do it. Not all friendships will survive. And when it is over, Jan Zumbach will think a Pyrrhic victory, since Poland is handed over Stalin's dolls.
1788 ::: Uka i Bjeshkëve të nemura (1968) ::: war ::: Uka is an old Albanian who lives in the mountains on the border of Kosovo and Albania. As an honorable man, he had to face his son who became friends with Italian fascists during the Second World War. The film depicts events in Kosovo during the Second World War, where the son of the great wolf of Prokletije Dzahid is misleading and deceived the Italians indicating that his supporters killed brothers. Movements to bleed reprisals which will ultimately cost him his head.
1789 ::: 101 (2016) ::: war ::: '101' is in reverence to Abel Gance 'J'accuse's movie!' which is considered one of the most important ants in history. Therefore, '101' has occurred on the basis of a silent structure. The film is about the battle of Tannenberg, which was fought in 1914 in Eastern Prussia. He ended in the victory for the Germans over the Russian armed forces. The German army manager, Paul Von Hindenburg, would go down in history as the 'winner of Tannenberg' because the German command decided to name the battle after the village of Tannenberg, which was located near where the fight really took place. In this way, the Germans were trying to discredit the story of a defeat they had suffered in the first battle of Tannenberg more than 500 years before in 1410. '101' He also worries about today's world, which is shown from the perspective of the perspective of the same protagonists play the historical roles in the film. His views in documentary paintings are immersed in the main plot of the film according to a subjective musical narrative, as is the characteristic of a silent film. '101' It is an artistic vision of today's world in a specific historical context, one that raises the question of whether, 101 years after the outbreak of World War I, does it make sense more to film an additional anti-air film? And if it is even worth it today to revere the movie 'J'accuse!' that has almost sunk forgotten.
1790 ::: Awaiting Time (2005) ::: war ::: Mary is strong and Joel is yet to take care of, while her husband is in war who is trying to deal with the reality. Binding with his friend France and his neighbor Pearl, Mary begins to understand that the only way to make it through deployment is just to live ... day by day ... and wait.
1791 ::: "Yong Bu Mo Mie De Fan Hao" (2011) ::: war ::: Lee Chishui is a militant captain. In an unexpected delay, he goes to the front line and becomes captain in his state. For a good captain, Lee Chishwi tries everything from reinforcing training to new members. Thanks to his efforts, his battalion is gradually developing. When the Japanese army sweeps the North China region, the Lee Chishoui Battalion delays an elite soldier delayed more than 30,000 Japanese soldiers at any cost so that the Army's headquarters has the eighth transfer time. Before accepting this basic task, Lee Chishui asks: He wants a formal appointment for his battalion. After submitting the request, Lee Chishwi directs his battalion to the front and devote their lives to this. The battalion sticks to the battlefield for a few days until they all have nothing to fight and die in the battle. A month later, the CPC box, which deals with the Chishui Battalion, returns to the battlefield. In the face of the tombs of all soldiers, he promises to Lee Chishwi and deals with the Lee Chishwi battalion. "They are defending the dignity of the Eighth Army with their lives. Today, I give them a name that will last forever! For China, we fight with every enemy until every drop To drain your blood. ”
1792 ::: Pohwasokui shibjaga (1956) ::: war ::: Major Kim was cut from his forces after the Chinese forces sank in the Korean war. He gets shelter in an old woman's bar, along with the two American soldiers who injured, but they stay for longer- they danger the life of the elderly woman
1793 ::: Brothers in Arms (2003) ::: war ::: A film on unusual friendship which has been shared by six men for about 35 years since Vietnam. This documentary explores their navy service in the Mekong delta, the effect that war has had on them, how their experience in Vietnam has become the basis of a friendship and what is their "unbreakable link ». The group decides to visit the commemorative wall of Vietnam veterans in Washington, D.C.
1794 ::: The Battle of Trafalgar (1911) ::: war ::: We show Lord Nelson that he leaves the admiral room, where he gives his famous lecture and then introduces him with his captains, which details of the amazing attack on the attack on the letter in Trafalgar, inspiration The captains and their eager toast have been performed. We are then transferred to the day before the battle that men write their last letters to the house. Here is a beautiful work and beautiful photography as the dear view of one of the lieutenants. This is an opportunity to introduce that famous part of the letter in which Lord Nelson calls the ship for a single message and is called to the heart of all those who sailing the sea. We are then accompanied by the twenty -first morning, eighteen hundred and five, when the enemy fleet becomes visible. The decks are cleaned for action, and lifting the colors is depicted by all imitating this occasion before entering the battle. The correct incident of raising the famous signal "Britain expects every man to do his / her duty" is portrayed and done, and we note that the sensitive touch in Nelson's life in the farewell suggestion with his captains in it Time to deliver his own death. We now come to his life in his life and learn the true personality of the man, because, at his last entry into his diary before the battle, he makes peace with his creator. And now we have reached that amazing image of the true traffalgar battle. We see ships in practice, shooting weapons, ships that were burned, and then the camera changes to a close view of the deck of victory where human life is sacrificed by hundreds of people, at the top of the Resoubtable campaigns , Nelson's lethal shot and fall. Then we see that amazing personality in his death, its honor, beauty and patents are all done by Edison's players throughout their greatness. His farewell to Captain Hardy, the last kiss, the news of his victory and eventually his death.
1795 ::: Words and Deeds (2009) ::: war ::: Continue the interactive film series. The SGT Tony Ortega and its team provide medical assistance and fix the village water purifier in order to obtain information about the missing Army SOF operator. Order Series: Episode 1 - Hearts and Minds Episode 2 - Crossroads Episode 3 - Civil Strife Episode 4 - Tribal negotiations Episode 5 - Welcome to A'stan Episode 6 - Antotic Episode 7 - Words and Deeds Episode 8 - Anti -Extremism Episode 9 - Back to episode 10 of the horn- let's make Deal Episode 11- after a review of the action.
1796 ::: Red Army Heroes (1990) ::: war ::: In 1948, the Army in the Internal Personnel Zhong Feng (Chen Feng) to participate in the enemy's military conference, which the enemy plot has not yet opened, its night Chuangji section to be surrounded by the enemy, the dawn with the LIU XIA rescue underground party. Zhong Feng driving the car to the screwed traffic station. Spy was persecuted, Zhong Feng unfortunately shot, jumped to the rolling yellow river ... ... Zhong Feng was rescued under the river north of our army, the enemy's temporary expense to tell the enemy to leave the north to escape recently, and to exploit the yellow river bridge. The local government and military leaders celebrated a commemorative ceremony for the comrades of Zhongfeng, Zhongmu, Zhongqiang eliminate the tears of their loved ones, to join the liberation of Zhengzhou in support of the previous work. The headquarters of the field army immediately telegrased the president of Xibaipo, Mao, the CPC Central Military Commission that the time to mature, and immediately issued the order to free Zhengzhou. Central Plains Field Army, three, four, nine columns in Xuegang, Laoya Chen fled the enemy in the north to fight the bloody battles, the correspondent Liu Causeway, the commander of the Hou Yu company in all the heroic sacrifice. After 24 hours of fierce fighting to defend the second Asian, the first railway bridge of the Yellow River in China, eliminated more than 15,000 enemies. Zhengzhou victory over battle.
1797 ::: Bataan (1943) ::: war ::: Japan closed the phyllifinations and try to make the US Army look difficult to capture. Thirteen people blow the bridge on Bataan Peninsula and save the Japanese.
1798 ::: La lunga notte dei disertori - I 7 di Marsa Matruh (1970) ::: war ::: When the German AFRIKA Korps allied lines in North Africa crashed in 1942 during World War II; A group of British soldiers are determined to return to their own lines. More survivors of allies along the way, their journey is fraught with danger and the Germans at each turn.
1799 ::: "Qi jian" (2008) ::: war ::: Heng yuanhai joined the navy with a great prospect makes a solid Chinese army. Lu Huai, the boss of the scroll, chosen ZHheng Yianhai and abandoned to try his decision. However, at the beginning of his training, Zheng Yianhai often enjoy a conflict with Chen Jeanjun, the keyboard of the ship. Ten years later, Chen Juanjun became black, and Zheng Yianhai the authority. In attack against Gracunonorine, Zianhai and Chen Jeanjun is hardly gathered to build a strong sea. However, at a critical period of campaign for flagship Captain, Chen Jianjun temporarily produces unknown escape. When he removes one of his soldiers, Chen Jeanjun ranked Zheg Yueng Yuanhai to identify the great prospect of his age. Zheg Yianhai, who begins with college students return to the blue sky in order to write a beautiful story in the power .
1800 ::: Operation Blackbird (????) ::: war ::: During the Second World War, a desk called Waves Women trains in Special Ops. A group of them is deployed on a mission known as Operation Blackbird. After the war they are hunted by former colleagues and enemies. They should have left them alone.
1801 ::: To the White Sea (????) ::: war ::: The tree story tells of an air cannon during the Second World War, which was dropped on Tokyo during the shelling raid. The man begins on an intense, violent, physical and mental journey, through hostile lands to return home through trips to Alaska.
1802 ::: "The Red" (2014) ::: war ::: In 1937, Japanese imperialists began a brutal war of aggression against China, the Chinese nation entered a critical period of vital importance. Sue's day was originally a simple small accounting color blind, an accident involving a patriot and the Japanese war, he was touched by the patriotic spirit, so he uses his sharp mind to help the patriots transport important materials. During this period he met with gin and thielin, they have a complex origin and met with the beautiful wife Tian Dan. In the problematic times, the legend of Shanghai, Sue Tian not only witnessed, but will also participate in the important moment of historical change ......
1803 ::: "The Red" (2014) ::: war ::: In 1937, Japanese imperialists launched a brutal war of aggression against China, the Chinese nation has entered a critical period of vital importance. The day of Xu was originally an ordinary small accounting color, an accident that involved a patriot and the Japanese war, the patriotic spirit moved him, so he used his acute mind to help patriots to transport important materials. During this period, he met Jin and Tielin, have complex history and met the beautiful woman Tian Dan. In difficult times, Shanghai's legend, Xu Tian not only witnessed, but will also participate in the important moment of historical change. ......
1804 ::: Blood Army (2010) ::: war ::: It has been threatening for years, tensions increase, the truce is challenged and proven. The pieces are falling in their place; The war is inevitable now while the forces of good and evil are prepared for a battle of Rip Raging to end all others, and finally decide on the destiny of the earth and its human inhabitants ...
1805 ::: Awaiting Time (2005) ::: war ::: Mary is strengthened and left for care for Joel, while trying to deal with the reality that her husband is in war. Together with his friend Frank and his neighbor Pearl, Mary begins to understand that the only way to make it through deployment is just to live day -day ... and wait.
1806 ::: Hajka (1977) ::: war ::: When Chethnik and Damage to a contract between people at Chetnik, an aggression of anger, irritable. One person who attracts an action that attracts themselves, the Italis, enters the bracelet of bloodshed, hunger and the most popular. In the land, every one turns to wildlife, and the beast is persecuted. In a mess of destruction, in the wilderness, studying others, the mark of victory.
1807 ::: Not Another Mistake (1988) ::: war ::: Straker (Richard Norton) Vetnam vet with a chip on the shoulder as his wife and daughter were killed in a home invasion. It is then recruited to go back to Vietnam to save a Power / Mia, including one commander, Harrison. They seem to have nothing to lose, he accepts the mission.
1808 ::: Blood Army (2010) ::: war ::: It is threatening these years, tensions increase, the ceasefire is challenged and tested. The parts are in place. The war is inevitable now because the good and evil forces are ready to end a furious battle to end all others and eventually decide on the fate of the earth and its human inhabitants ...
1809 ::: A Soldier's Gift (????) ::: war ::: A world in war; Six people struggling to survive; A gift that gave him hope and encouragement. Inspired by historical events, a soldier's gift is an adventure work that reaches cultural and racial obstacles and teaches us that sometimes God will use something simple to remind us of his great love.
1810 ::: When We Were Heroes (2005) ::: war ::: "When we were heroes" is a (not a budget) war film that was acted and produced by that of 12 to 20 years. Without professional help or professional actors. The idea was to make a film dedicated to those who fought in the battle called Operation Market Garden. Three young men from the 101st Airborne Division who are dropped deep into the occupied Holland on 17 September 1944; Operation Market Garden The largest military action after D-Day. On their mission to Eindhoven, the soldiers come across occupied villages and are confronted with the German troops and with civilian casualties. One of the victims was a young girl named Anna Rutten. The experiences of the two brothers Joe and John Davidson and their good friend James H. Perry memories remembered from letters written back and forth by Joe and Anna after the war. "When we were heroes" is a moving war drama, full of action. The film shows what a war does to young people who are sent during the war and show different ways in which people find to get through war experiences.
1811 ::: The Last Partisan (????) ::: war ::: Eastern Europe, 1945-As the tide of war changes, the Nazis increase their attempts to destroy the "Jewish problem". There is an SS officer who feared all the others - Richter, a bloody killer who has achieved almost legendary status. Her village destroyed and her husband killed, a young mother, yes, she is forced to join a partisan group in her attempt to survive and find her 8-year-old son, Felix. Hurt in a skirmish with German soldiers, yes refusing in a monastery of an abandoned country. She is not alone for a long time. A German official, Kreutzer, apparently a German dessert, also cares for the monastery and discovers it. Both shape an unlikely alliance, and save the life of Yes. Meanwhile, Felix is ​​a friend from an adolescent girl, Eszter, and a quick link form between the two refugees. Eszter agrees to help Felix look for his mother, despite knowing that the chances of finding her live thinner. In the nightmare of the war fog, a mother and son are reuniting, but it is too late; Nothing and no one is what they look like. It is just starting and ending; Old relationships die and new ones grow instead. The war ended for some forever, and the Torch is passed on to the last partisan.
1812 ::: Five Days of Fire (2007) ::: war ::: The five -day fire set in World War II is a suspense story of US platoon to enemies to secure German weapons designers. Captain Kas Dowf needs to lead a group of men who are becoming more and more split. The platoon is torn away from the inside when the enemy tries to hinder the progress from outside. Jimmy Plat, one of the soldiers, must overcome the fear of death to complete the mission.
1813 ::: O dromos ton iroon (1971) ::: war ::: In 1940, before the end of World War II, the Greek Embassy in Greece before the Navy, the Italian spy was relevant to its environment, but he died for him. After Eli Torpedoid, the religious leaders to Lieutenant General Vasilis Vachlotts, the marriage of the horrible Admiri luoz, which helps to make his homeland and help him to become a spying plans of the Greek fleet.
1814 ::: Lady from Chungking (1942) ::: war ::: In China-occupied China, Madame Kwan Mei is the leader of a resistance organization based in rural village. When two American aircraft are killed near the village, it makes plans to save them and have to help the organization. Then, when the Japanese General Kaimura arrives in the village, she realizes that a large operation is imminent. She decides to impersonia Aristocrats, in order to win the confidence of the general and learn his plans.
1815 ::: Missing Jane (2004) ::: war ::: Situated during World War II, the missing Jane is the story of Gordon Idaho, a B-17 radio operator, which was introduced with a new crew when their radio operator was killed over the sky of Europe in the winter of 1943 A difficult group to fit into and on their first mission together, the bomber gets off and collapses in the German province. The surviving crew members shelter in an abandoned farm house, where they struggle to fight the elements, each other and the fear of being captured by the Nazis. Idaho soon discovers that the house contains a dark mystery-one that is determined to decide. Will Idaho reveal the secrets of the past? Will the crew behind the enemy lines survive?
1816 ::: Zvezde su oci ratnika (1972) ::: war ::: When a dead person, a star is born to a star, whom to die when he was born with a star. The ancient legends in old fascinates, people are willing to be shot and put yourself in front of the Pipe German.
1817 ::: Awaiting Time (2005) ::: war ::: Joel left Joe, to take care of Joel, when attempting to deal with war with her husband. Connection with his friend and Pearl, Marie begins with only the way to do it by entry ... day ... and wait.
1818 ::: Victory (1913) ::: war ::: The United States Maritime Minister Utah is asking to move forward with the Republic of Antils to protect American interests during the imminent revolution. Upon their arrival at Kayman, the prominent leader Benson orders the Lieutenant and I want to move forward to Valdiva and the capital, and to submit a report to the American embassy to keep him advised the general situation. Upon his arrival, Lieutenant Ward Gordon and his daughter Helen, who is located simultaneously in love, meets, but he finds a competitor in the person of General de la Monte, the Minister of Antilla War. It also meets with a young inventor who just finished building a water plane. While attending a government ball, Helen hears General de la Monte, conspiring to assassinate President Martinez, and then bombing an American warship in an attempt to take over the government in his hands. Helen tells Lieutenant Ward from the plot. Before he has the opportunity to thwart these plans, Lieutenant Ward is incorrectly arrested to kill President Martinez. Minister Gordon finally gets the freedom of Lieutenant Ward, but not at the appropriate time to prevent the departure of the conspirators. They are prevented from sending a warning by the wireless and the Putnant, who decides that their only hope is that he is making a trip of fifty miles in water aircraft. The mobile photo camera in the water aircraft shows itself and then an exciting racing by air and land. Lieutenant Ward, at an altitude of 1500 feet, making a bold slide of prevention and barely up there in a timely manner to prevent its destruction by a port mine throwing a tower of water two hundred feet in the air. Leader Banson immediately opens fire on the fort and during this exciting fighting. Liturgy is required to drop a bomb of hydrocklan. He does this with fatal results. This is not soon that this battle is being attacked by the foreign fleet and is an amazing naval battle that shows the state of Utah and defeats the fleet with the help of bombs from water aircraft. The final scenes of this marine battle show the indisputable foreign masses and the mineral steel with actual drowning in the sea from one of these ships. Wireless access. Benson from the American embassy stated that the rebellion had occurred in the city. Com. Benson orders Lieutenant Ward to rescue with a marine infantry company. They share the revolutionaries of more than three to one. After the desperate participation, the infantry of the navy is paid foreign batteries and stole the enemy. The Lievante is going to Valdiva with the victorious Marines and saved Minister Gordon and Hilin. The last scene shows that Lieutenant Ward succeeds in love as is the case in the war, where Helen wins, after which she is presented to the officers and his crew. Utah, who chant it to echo.
1819 ::: Wien im Krieg (1916) ::: war ::: The inhabitants of Vienna draw the streets to salute the soldiers who go to war. The butcher and widow Franz Jewar Wamperl will be successful in enrolling himself in the army, and his son Ferdl, becomes the leader of the Platoon. Ferdl is a feminist, at the same time Vienna has three prospective husbands: Frankie, Resl and Poli. The three girls are confident to him, when he is in the front, and all sends him to passionate love-letter. On May day, both Phedl and his father Franz returned on a short vacation in Vienna. They sat in an open-air cafe with another soldier, suddenly when Poli and Franzi rose up at the same time. When two women learn that Ferdl has romance with them, they start crying and clashing. Ferd tries to escape, but descends in the fight between Franzi and Resl. Father's Franz stepped into the savior and grabbed the resl and walks away with her arm-arm. In the meantime Ferl is out of confusion. He jumps into a tram where he finds the poem, he embraces and kisses. At the same time, the deserted Frankie has discovered a new fianc న్న్ s in the third soldier in the cafe.
1820 ::: Flight 208 (2007) ::: war ::: The experience in style and thought travel in space and time, more than two hundred persons, cutting cultures and countries are only about 5 minutes. A quick hearing experience that reflects about breakfast and around us. A dream, a thought, the monuolag line (or several smoke) cut ... whatever takes through the most unusual flight.
1821 ::: The Exploits of the Emden (1928) ::: war ::: A German official asks his wife to join him on the German battleship SMS Emden, then guard the seas in China. As the First World War is cut off, Emden is sued for service and the seamen cannot meet his wife. SMS Emden then helps a sinking passenger ship and the officer discovers that his wife was aboard the wrong lining. It is found among the rescue and the seamen is relieved. After the ship briefly the ports and seamen greets his wife, the cruiser then meets the HMAS Sydney in the battle and is flooded. Fortunately the officer escapes the sinking vessel and reunites with his wife.
1822 ::: Maria's Song (????) ::: war ::: Maria's song is bright, rebellious, 11 -year -old girl, 13 -year -old guardian, her hero, her brothers George, the town of the war, save her life and defeat the odds. He talks about the story. As an intense world as you can imagine.
1823 ::: Teukgongdaewa dolaoji anhneun haebyeong (1970) ::: war ::: When leaving the army as a gift for his hero, Sgt Jang is processing a special capacity to make the exhibitions. Turning them before sending it to Marines, damage Norran's army, causing the beach for water to water.
1824 ::: The Volunteer (1944) ::: war ::: After the elaborate performance as Atello in a London theater, Ralph Richardson (I) (QV) is asked by a person, his wardrobe, a photographer. Later, the person joined the fleet's air arm (Navy flight) and won the pilot and rescued a pilot from his burning plane. When a person goes to Buckingham Palace, it is Ralph's turn to ask a photographer.
1825 ::: Zvezde su oci ratnika (1972) ::: war ::: When a warrior dies, a star is born, when one of us dies when born in a group of stars. Younger children are fascinated by the ancient legends and the stories of the older people, people prepare their signature to shoot and put themselves in front of the German pipe.
1826 ::: Marionette (????/II) ::: war ::: The Story of Two Downed Airmen, One Black Fighter Pilot from the 332nd Fighter Group "The Tuskegees", the other a Young Raf Bomb Loi, the Sole Survivor of A Lancaster Crew, in Occupied Czechoslovakian Territory in the Few Remaining Weeks Before Hostilities in May 1945. While they were trying to avoid capture by poorly disciplined German forces now retired, improbable camaraderie developed between the descendant of a former slave of the colonies of Louisiana, and a well -educated young man British from the British, and a well -educated young man from the British privileged upper classes, as everyone comes to rely on the other for his survival. But what seems to be friendship is something more bizarre - a relationship that seems to transcend the place where they are both - and even transcend the time itself.
1827 ::: Red Army Heroes (1990) ::: war ::: In 1948, the army to the internal staff of the enemy Zhong Feng (Chen Feng) to attend the enemy's military conference, where the enemy's plan has not yet been opened, his Chunegaji night part, surrounded by the enemy, dawn by the Liu Xia Rescue underground. Zhong Feng, who was driving the car to the traffic station, wrapped up. Spy was chased, Jong Feng was unfortunately fired, jumped into the river yellow ... ... Zhong Feng was rescued under our northern river, the temporary cost of the enemy to tell the enemy to escape from the north to escape. . , And to blow up the yellow river bridge. The local government and military leaders held a memorial service for Zhongfung, Zhongfong, Zhongmu, Zhongqiang comrades to join Jangzhou's release in support of previous work. The headquarters of the Field Army immediately telegraph Xibaipo Mao, the CPC Central Military Commission, which is time to mature and immediately ordered the liberation of Jangzhou. Laoya Chen fled the enemy in the north of the enemy to fight the bloody battles, Liu Cauuseway, commander of Hou Yu-Wide Sacrifice. After 24 hours of fierce fighting to defend the second Asian, the first bridge of the China Yellow River Railway destroyed more than 15,000 enemies. The victory of Jangzhou battles.
1828 ::: The Battle of Trafalgar (1911) ::: war ::: We came from Admiralt to Nelson to Nelson, and then he introduced his famous speech and introduces him to his captains, and then inspired his captains and their spirits. Then when we wrote the last letters of men, we go with the day before the battle. Here a beautiful stage and photographic effects were introduced, as there seemed to see one of the lieutenants. This allows you to introduce a famous series of a letter, which invited Lord Nelson mail to one message and everyone floating into the sea were listened. We then spend us together for eighteen eight hundred five, five, five when we see enemy fleet. The decks are refined for the action and depicted the rise in colors at all over the ceremony. The right story of the famous "England" symbolizes and held in every detail and is held in every detail, and we are held in detail and we say goodbye to the Life of Nelson. a reflection of his death. We now want to go to a little man in his life and know the real character of man because he was written to his diary in his final subscription, he will be reconciled to his diary. Now we came to a wonderful view of the real battle of Trafalgar. We see ships, cannons and ships on fire on fire and then the camera approached hundreds of decks of the victory, where a thunderstorm is the end of the thunderstorm and Nelson's fall. Then we are interested in the wonderful character, solemn, solemn, beauty and pathons of his death in all of them; Its farewell to Captain Harddi, the last kiss, the news of the victory and his death.
1829 ::: Marcia o crepa (1962) ::: war ::: The French foreign Legion commander is asked to assemble the unit and capture the rebel leader of Algeria. It gathers in his old unit, most of which is no longer in the top form. One is having a nightmare of the sadness of the past, the other is drinking, the other has lost his nerves. He attracts them to the leader, but then unable to pick him up. He faces rebel patrol and gets trapped until they escape before the water is over.
1830 ::: Wien im Krieg (1916) ::: war ::: The inhabitants of Vienna come along the streets to greet the soldiers who go to the war. The butcher and widower Franz Xaver Wamperl manages to register for the army, and his son Ferdl, who becomes a platoon leader. Ferdl is a Womanizer, who at the same time has three fiancée in Vienna: Franzi, RESL and Poldi. All three girls remain faithful to him when he is gone at the front, and they all send passionate love letters to him. On May day, both Ferdl and his father Franz are back in Vienna on a short leave. They are in an open -air café with another soldier, when Poldi and Franzi suddenly appear at the same time. When the two women find out that Ferdl has a romance with both, they start to cry and argue. Ferdl tries to escape, but lands in a fight between Franzi and RESL. Father Franz comes in like a savior, grabs RESL and walks away with her arm-in-arm. In the meantime, Ferdl sneaks away from the tumult. He jumps in a tram where he finds Poldi, which he hugs and kisses. At the same time, the abandoned Franzi finds a new fiancé in the third soldier in the cafe.
1831 ::: Countering Extremism (2009) ::: war ::: Continue the interactive film series. Sgt. Tony Ortega must find an Army SOF operator by building relationships with the local village. Order Series: Episode 1 - Hearts and Minds Episode 2 - Crossroads Episode 3 - Civil Strife Episode 4 - Tribal negotiations Episode 5 - Welcome to A'stan Episode 6 - Antotic Episode 7 - Words and Deeds Episode 8 - Anti -Extremism Episode 9 - Back to episode 10 of the horn- let's make Deal Episode 11- after a review of the action.
1832 ::: Red Army Heroes (1990) ::: war ::: In 1948, the enemy's internal employee Zhong Feng (Chen Feng) to attend the enemy's military conference, that the enemy's conspiracy is not yet open, his night is surrounded by Chuangji Khand Enemy, Don Liu by underground party by underground party Zia rescue. Jhong Feng took the car to the traffic station. Spy was chased, Zhong Feng was unfortunately shot, rolling jumped into Yellow River ... Jong Feng was saved under the river in the north of our army, the enemy's temporary expenses were told to tell the enemy For that recently to leave the north to leave the north recently, and to blow the Yellow River Bridge. Local government and military leaders organized a memorial ceremony for Zongfeng Comrade, Jhongmu, Jhongkiang, wiped to the tears of their loved ones, to join Zhengzhou's liberation in support of pre -work. The Field Army Headquarters immediately taught the Chairman of the CPC Central Military Commission, Xibaipo that the time to mature, and immediately issued an order to free Zhengzhou. The Central Plains Field Army Forest, Three, Four, in the nine columns Xuegang, Laoya Chen fleeing the enemy in the north and ran to the north to fight the bloody battle, correspondent Liu Coseway, Company Commander Hau You-Wide Veer Veer Sacrifice. After a 24 -hour fierce battle to protect the Asian second, China's first Yellow Rail Railway Bridge, erased more than 15,000 enemies. Zengjhou victory over the fight.
1833 ::: Geojedo: The 3rd Frontline (2017) ::: war ::: The Geojedo P.O.W camp (a prisoner's camp) was created in 1950 when the war in Korea ended. All the prisoners were Koreans, but they were separated by two ideologies - communism and capitalism and came into conflict. In 1952, the Communist prisoners abducted General Dodd, the head of the camp, to negotiate their return to North Korea. The Korea-Jastern command combines the forces decided to penetrate a special Hoseon Kim agent to save the general and leave a rebellion. The Macro Graphics Studio led to the abduction incident, which took place in Geojedo P.O.W, camp in 1952 as an interactive VR cinematographic content of VR on the first person (FPV) through a cinematographic direction and an element of interaction with the audience.
1834 ::: Sutjeska (1973) ::: war ::: The battle for Sutjeska known as '' Fifth offensive '' is the most difficult, most tragic and the biggest battle that Yugoslav -Partizans were led in the Second World War. Chaos, hell, fate, suffering, heroic dead and all the tragedy of Sutjeska is a poetic way and at the same time described in a tragic way in this phenomenal film. This film was made for the 30th anniversary of the battle is also the most expensive film in the history of Yugoslav Cinema. The battle for Sutjeska known as '' Fifth offensive '' is the most difficult, most tragic and the biggest battle that Yugoslav -Partizans were led in the Second World War. Chaos, hell, fate, suffering, heroic dead and all the tragedy of Sutjeska is a poetic way and at the same time described in a tragic way in this phenomenal film. This film was made for the 30th anniversary of the battle is also the most expensive film in the history of Yugoslav Cinema. Nel Maggio del 1943 L'Aranta Di Liberazione Jugoslava Guidata da Tito DEVE Afffrontare La Quinta Offensiva delle Truppe Tedesche. La Lotta Si Rivela Senza Tregua per Riuscire Ad Aprirsi Un Varco Nella Cerchia di Ferro e di Fuoco del Nemico.
1835 ::: Victory (1913) ::: war ::: The secretary of Navy soldiers gave u.s.s. Utah to move on the Republic of Antillas to preserve American interest during coming changes. When they arrived in Caaman, the harbor, the army Banson commanded to go to Valdiva, the capital, and gave him adversely in all. When it reaches the rest of the Operation Gordon Gordon Gordon Gordon and Helen and who he loves, and see everyone falls, both the apostle of the Antillas. He meets a young young person who completes the house. When you go to Helen Ovehears Jen. De Montez moves Martinez, and then make up American and try to take over the Government. Helen tells people in the rest of the rest. Before he had the opportunity to do these things to do these things that are literally lifedland for the murder of Martinez's head. Minister Gordon has finally get the free of the Ward Office, but not time to prevent the rest of the rest of the rest. They are blocked to send warnings in Warlesless and a soul determine only for their hopes only in hydroplane. The tv is moving in the hydroPoPoPoPan itself then showing a popular race from the air and the ground. Leuduage, at the 1,500 Offering officer that makes it free from the wall of the wall and a two hundred feet. The President opens the fire directly to the Fort and the exciting attack. Liedutenant asking for permission to keep a bomb by hydroplane. He used it. Soon he was invaded by another international journey that identifies the Umh, using the Utah, using the help of bombs from the bombs. The show of the battle of the foreign wet without the help of a crooked breeze falls to the sea of ​​one of these ships. The airfly comes from com. Benson originates with America reports that it was rebelled in the city. Com. Benson ordered to be the administrator and the most common company. They spend the third of the translation changes in one. When I taught Marines pay the foreign batteries and enemies. Lindant Ward passes to Valdiva and the government winning the body and rescue Gordon and Helen. Last event shows that one makes it well in love as it is fighting, while Utah, Utah, Utah, Utah, Utah, Utah are Utah, Utah
1836 ::: Cenata na gradot (1970) ::: war ::: The films are held in a small town where the Germans are preparing to withdraw near the end of the war. But a car of Russian prisoners causes people to feed them, then prisoners overcome their guards and run. People in the city are trying to save them from the Germans, but fail.
1837 ::: Desant na Drvar (1963) ::: war ::: Raid on a drvar known as "the seven offensive enemies" or as "Equestrian Jump operation" was the last attempt of the Germans and Hitler to enter the Supreme Headquarters of the partisan army and destroy it along with the Supreme Commander Its Titus, which will destroy the entire partisan army. It was an ambitious attempt by the German army by the end of May 1944, the partisan forces decapified landing the parachute. After many fruitless attempts to crush the Yugoslav partisans through conventional means, German German Lothar von Rendulitz comes with a new plan. The paratroop elite force would be a partisan HQ storm in a job and try to catch or eliminate the Tito partisan leader. Meanwhile, the people of Drvar, miles from the lines of the enemy, are preparing to celebrate the closure of Tito on May 25, 1944. Raid on Drvar is another film called Action-Epic Genre Partisan after the Film The Battle of Kozara. Raid on a drvar known as "the seven offensive enemies" or as "Equestrian Jump Operation" was the last attempt of the Germans and Hitler to enter the Supreme Headquarters of the partisan army and destroy it along with the Supreme Commander Its Titus, which will destroy the entire partisan army. It was an ambitious attempt by the German army by the end of May 1944, the partisan forces decapified landing the parachute. After many fruitless attempts to crush the Yugoslav partisans through conventional means, German German Lothar von Rendulitz comes with a new plan. The paratroop elite force would be a partisan HQ storm in a job and try to catch or eliminate the Tito partisan leader. Meanwhile, the people of Drvar, miles from the lines of the enemy, are preparing to celebrate the closure of Tito on May 25, 1944. Raid on Drvar is the second film called Action-Epic Genre Partisan afterwards The movie The Battle of Kozara.
1838 ::: Krvava bajka (1969) ::: war ::: The craggevak massacre is described by the events of the victim's memory events that belong to the group of boys, shoe shinners. At that time, thousands of workers refused to work for the invaders, and the whole city was in touch with the harsh oppression of innocent civilians and the abolition of the regular ration of persecution and food.
1839 ::: No Better Place to Die (2019) ::: war ::: During the first 3 days of the invasion of Normandy, the 82nd airborne division struggled to capture and maintain crucial crossing points on the Mourderet river. Over hours and days, water has turned into blood in a battle without retirement.
1840 ::: Marcia o crepa (1962) ::: war ::: A French Foreign Legion Commander has been told to catch a unit and capture the Algerian rebel leader. He collects in his old unit, most of whom are no longer in the top. One has last indiscriminate nightmares, the other is now drinking, and the other has lost his nerve. He captures them the leader, but then unable to pick it up. He faces Rebel patrolling and gets caught if they cannot escape before their water is over.
1841 ::: Krvava bajka (1969) ::: war ::: In memory of the victims of Kraguzheva massacre is described by a group of children, shoe polishes. At that time, thousands of workers refused to work for invaders, and the whole city was subjected to the harsh repression and persecution of innocent citizens and stable foods.
1842 ::: Hurricane: Squadron 303 (2019) ::: war ::: Hurricane (Squadron 33) is a story of a group of brave poles who fought in the sky over England in WW2, not only to keep Great Britain free from Nazi, but also to keep their own country alive, but also to keep the idea of ​​their own country among the opposite jaws of Germany and Russia. Before that it rarely existed in its modern form for twenty years. Almost equipped with Obsolate Hurricane and given RAF blue uniforms (with some initial reluctance), when they fought, they lived in Poland. 1940. Great Britain stands alone against the growing Nazi Empire stains in Europe, with what its nervous residents are amazing what the future holds. But a handful of people on this Belegard island know very well what the only possible future is. They have seen France the captular, as the ARS RSO burn, Poland crumbles. Humans like Jan Zumbach, Wittold Urbanovis, Mirosla Lav Laquukus, Polish Air Force pilots, who know that if Luftwaf didn't stop, Poland, Holland and France were just Hitler's Horse de'Ever. So they are ready to fight, if they are given planes. The problem is that British people do not trust 'bloody poles'. And so pilots, strangers who think really very strange land, will fight several wars together, during a few months - officers and public, with language, with unknown hurricanes, with war - strictly. But once they are reluctantly employed by the RAF, then the Polish fighters show what they can do, out - the enemy - score their colleagues. Once hostile British hero - Saviers, also blows polish flyers. Now, nevertheless, there is a new enemy in the poles - such as nerves and fatigue constantly taking a terrible toll on men who are pushed to the limits by air war, fighting to save their country over a foreign country. Not all will make it. Not all friendships can survive. And when it ends, Jan Zumbek will consider the Pirhik victory, as Poland is assigned to Stalin's puppet.
1843 ::: The Waler: Australia's Great War Horse (2015) ::: war ::: More than 130,000 Australian horses were used in the Great War of 1914-18. Nearly 30,000 were engaged in the Middle East. Popularly known as "Wallers", it is in the desert sands that their legend was born. They brought their men to victory on the long way to Damascus, but at the end of the war, they did not return home. It is the story of their colonial origins, their gallant service and their shameful destiny. Great War Horses takes us on an epic journey of the Outback of Australia, through the vast Indian Ocean, to the Pyramids of Egypt, the living hell which was Gallipoli and the ruthless desert sands of the Middle East. After the Gallipoli catastrophe, and with the Ottoman Turks threatening the Suez canal, the regiments of the Australian light horse had to undertake an exhausting three -year campaign to lead the Turks of Sinai and Palestine, leading to the `` Grande walk ' 'through the Jordan Valley and the capture of Damascus. This epic desert war could not have been undertaken without horses, nor the small army of horse breaking, veterinarians, marshals, sadders and food suppliers who were essential to keep thousands of horses on the ground and Ready for the battle. Intense ties between man and horse developed, and the loss of a horse in combat was a painful experience. For the first time, Great War Horses went behind the legend of two famous partnerships: Michael Shanahan and "Bill the Bastard", and Guy Haydon and "Midnight". And, in the end, this reveals why our horses did not come home.
1844 ::: "Xiu Cai Yu Dao Bing" (2015) ::: war ::: One is a tenant farmer who only has the necessities of life, Masanpao. The other is a long, a long, influential family, a young master, a long -influential family. Ma Sanpao dislikes the weak and gentle appearance of Qianyan, but long Qianyan cannot withstand the impulsive, rude and ignorant behavior of ma Sanpao. The participation of Gao Yannan, the head of the actress One Shan Hong and the Blue Dragon Society, makes the situation more complicated. Japanese army shooting breaks a peaceful life in Lvshun. In order to resist foreign attacks, they choose to put emotions aside and fight from the enemy's shoulder. No matter what they do, they all share the same identity at this moment. It is a soldier. They fight against the army with courage and stick together when experiencing life and death tests. They are first straglers. After that, they join the Northeast Anti -Japan United Army. Since then, they gradually expand their power and fight the enemy consistently. By improving their strategies and military power, they become outstanding anti -Japanese fighters and anti -Japanese power backbones. Eventually, they achieved an amazing military exploitation. The group of this fighter deals with each other like a brother. In fact, they are like Xiucai encounters soldiers. At the same time, they are invincible teams with both literature and military. This drama shows the true quality of the unique set of heroes. It is worth seeing the interesting story, the personalized character, the legend of the earth, and the interesting plots.
1845 ::: Ora X - pattuglia suicida (1969) ::: war ::: If the Germans are allowed to get an island back in the Mediterranean during the Second World War, a troop of US soldiers remains to destroy an important radio base. However, this is only the beginning of problems for the US troops, civilians and Germans.
1846 ::: The Volunteer (1944) ::: war ::: After any effective performance as Othello in London, 'Ralph Richardson (i) (Q H) to be asked for aid by fred, the one ridic. Soon afterward, Fred was connected to the air weapon (Fly Navy) and became a warrior, rescuing the pilot from his plane. When Fred goes to BCKTGHEFAM, it is Ralph to ask for work.
1847 ::: Beyond Glory (2015) ::: war ::: Set against Vietnam, WWI and Korean war backdrops, Beyond Glory is the eight medal's excitement, emotional and mighty true stories, such as praised forums, TV and film actor Stephen Lang.
1848 ::: Hamase-ye darre-ye Shiler (1987) ::: war ::: Summary of the plot: Rahim is driven out of the revolutionary guards (IRGC). He steals a minibus, goes to Kordestan and is intercepted and held by a branch of the Kurdish Democratic Party of Iran led by Hessam Khan. The party brings weapons and ammunition from Iraq. The IRGC learns about this and sends someone with the supposed name Nasser to get more information. The Kurds identify Nasser and kill him. Hessam Khan is also killed by a villager. Rahim's real identity is known when he will go to Iraq to get ammunition. To prove his innocence, he goes to the IRGC head office and volunteers for a suicide mission. Start collisions with the Kurdish Democrats and win the IRGC troops.
1849 ::: Tren (1978) ::: war ::: A young man on the banks of the Ibar River goes to the Revolutionary War. It turns out to be one of the key points that will later leave scars to his life. The military conflict is along with its intimate, internal conflicts. He needs to think as a person, despite the horrors around him. Such is the deeply built need for this person - the need for love, understanding and justice.
1850 ::: "The Red" (2014) ::: war ::: In 1937, the Japanese imperialists launched a brutal war of aggression against China, and the Chinese nation entered a critical period of vital importance. The Xu Day was originally a small, normal accounting color, an accident that involves my patriotism and a Japanese war, and the national spirit was influenced by it, so he used his sharp mind to help patriots transfer important materials. During this period, Jin and Telein met, and they have a complex background, and they met the beautiful woman Tian Dan. In turbulent times, the legend of Shanghai, Shu Tian, ​​but will also participate in the important historical moment of change ...
1851 ::: Combat Killers (1968) ::: war ::: At the end of World War II, an inexperienced US officer, determined to gain himself, lost half of his plot in the bloody battle with Japanese soldiers. While trying to extract his men from his undesirable position, a lieutenant Lieutenant to another enemy force to destroy the remaining soldiers using a good ambush. The officer and a beautiful village are captured, but they are desperately trying to escape their deadly danger to warn Americans.
1852 ::: Fireflies at El Mozote (????) ::: war ::: Fireflies in El Mojote is a compelling action war drama, which has strong social relevance, inspired by true events. It is considered to be the worst torture by government forces on citizens in modern Latin American history, describing the well -recorded massacre of the village of Morzan province, Al Salvador. The story of the upcoming age follows a ten -year -old survivor in his search to avenge the deaths of his family and the destruction of his village.
1853 ::: Pohwasokui shibjaga (1956) ::: war ::: Major Kim noticed that he was cut off by a unit after being overwhelmed by the Chinese army during the Korean War. He evacuates to an old lady's barn with the two injured American soldiers, but the longer they remain, the risk of the old lady's lives.
1854 ::: Five Days of Fire (2007) ::: war ::: During the Second World War, five days of fire is an exciting story of a US train that crosses the enemy area to secure a German weapon designer. Captain Casdorph has to lead a group of men who are increasingly split. While the enemy tries to hinder its progress from outside, the train is demolished from the inside. One of the soldiers, Jimmy Pratt, has to overcome his fear of death in order to complete the mission.
1855 ::: Not Another Mistake (1988) ::: war ::: Straker (Richard Norton) a Vietnam veterinarian on his shoulder with a chip because his wife and daughter were killed in a home vasion. He is then recruited to return to Vietnam to save some Pow/Mias, including a commander, Harrison. He found that he had nothing to lose and accept the mission.
1856 ::: Lady from Chungking (1942) ::: war ::: In China in China, Madame Alin Mei is the leader of the capitalization based on the countryside. When two Americans were shot in town, it was planning to deliver them and had them help them. Then, when Gima ka'ma Jail'imor approaches the village, he recognized that a great job near. He decided to make a focus, to overcome his whole body and learn its plan.
1857 ::: First Flight (2008) ::: war ::: The pioneering days of Siam (Thailand). Lieutenant-Colonel Luang Kaj Yuthakarn was one of the first Thai soldiers who were sent to France to become a pilot. On his return, Siam was the first Asian country to open an aeronautical service where the Thai pilots with a commission were able to become a pilot to fight during the First World War.
1858 ::: Hamase-ye darre-ye Shiler (1987) ::: war ::: Listing menu: Rahim has been dispersed from the security guards (IRGC). He steals that the MINEBus, go to Kordestan and be self-centered by the other person of the Erran Khan going. The team brings arms and ammunition in Iraq. Irgc learn about this and sends the one with the name of the name of the name of the information. Kurds display nasser and killed. The Member of the city kills Histan Khan. RHHAM is known when it's going to Iraq to get a gun. To show that his hand is innocent, he goes to the headquarters in a volunteer for free to commit suicide. The bone begins with the Democrats Democrats and IRGC military.
1859 ::: Mirko i Slavko (1973) ::: war ::: This is the 1st year in 1941. In the heart of Serbia, a small place was due to the German punishment expedition, which passed a small place. Only children remaining children, what war did they know ... When you load the German boot, when they are not logged in. Among women and evils children organized, organized the work and life of the village ... But the worst ... leading to the Germans, they lead to tragedy.
1860 ::: Cross of Steel (2014) ::: war ::: Cross of steel is the secondary of the 2th battle of the battle II is the other. The movie is followed by the German soldiers focus and make an effort to show an unnecessary thought. Without a political or other person. Join us as we examine the German Warehouse and worked, higher armor, mental conditions are not available.
1861 ::: Balami be soo-ye sahel (1986) ::: war ::: At the end of October 1981, when the khorramshahr is at risk of collapse, a battalion commander of the revolutionary guards to help the warriors of the city of Tehran Morteza, and due to its path near the Iraqis, they should bring the port of Khorramshahr of the port of Khorramshahr de Mahshahr by helicopter, but his efforts for the helicopter failed and the Morteza Battalion.
1862 ::: Vostochny koridor (1966) ::: war ::: The philosophical proverb was created "Eastern Corridor" during the decline of "melting melting", when the Soviet artists, despite their control, but still "the same freedom." Since the film industry (in fact, and other production) in the sixties of the last century is fully owned by the state, the issue of commercial profit from film rental, although the agenda, was not completely dominant. There was so -called state orders on important issues from the state’s ideology, such as a revolutionary, military, historical, biography, etc. It is logical that in the context of military issues, it was not only allowed to photograph spying from spy tools, but also films that were not originally designed for a group audience, but they are important to the annual "plan". Consequently, there is no doubt that the "eastern corridor" was in the objective focus of the studio "Belarusia Virus" based on the usual partisan drum department that tells him about the Soviet people during the occupation. In the end, the film was not the way he was waiting for the president's vision, and was received by hostility not only to party officials, but the liberal critics. So it is only surprising that after spending two years on the shelf, the movie "Eastern Corridor" is still in the so -called "Limited version" in 1968 ... This film can be the successful for any Western festival in the late 1960s (as much as a victory like "The cranes that fly" and "Ivan's childhood". Distinguished directing talents are not granted to the opening, and he was forced to go to "regular cinema" ...
1863 ::: The Rose of No Man's Land (????) ::: war ::: The country's rose noise is a drama in the First World War, which is not the war. It's about people left. The women who keep the country going and how they stepped on. It is even more important that women cannot be defined by who they are and where they come from. Traditionally telling of war stories about the dramatic effect that it has on the men who lead against war, but women are also fighting against injustice. Men fight and the horrors of the battlefield were often and well portrayed, but Rose has a new perspective and a unique story to tell. From nurse Edith Cavell to the loveless women; Maisie, Florence and Dorothy, the rose of the country, is about remarkable, strong women who would not be suppressed without fighting.
1864 ::: The Battle of Trafalgar (1911) ::: war ::: We show Lord Nelson leaving the Admiral's room, where he makes his famous speech and then introduce him to his captains giving details of this wonderful attack plan which was carried out on the letter in Trafalgar, the inspirations of the captains and their enthusiastic toast. Then we were transported the day before the battle when the men are writing their last letters at home. Here a beautiful stage and photographic effect is presented as the vision of one of the platoons fades in appearance. This gives an opportunity to introduce that famous letter episode in which Lord Nelson called again the mail ship for a single message and who was needed in the hearts of all who sail in the sea. Then we were transported on the morning of October twenty -one, eighteen hundred and five, when the enemy's fleet is seen. The decks are cleaned for action and the color lifting is portrayed with all the solemnity of the occasion before entering the battle. The accurate incident of raising the famous signal "England expects every person to do his job" has been portrayed and excellently presenting his death. Now we reach the small human touch in his life and learn the true character of man because, in his last entry into his diary before the battle, he makes peace with his producer. And now we come to that wonderful spectacular view of the true trafalgar battle. We see the ships in action, the firing of weapons, the ships caught in the fire and then the camera passes into a narrow view of the deck of victory, where human life is sacrificed by hundreds, the double and double, double fatal shot and Nelson's fall. We then see that wonderful character in his death, the solemnity, the beauty and the pathos of everyone performed by Edison players in all its greatness; His farewell to Captain Hardy, the last kiss, the news of victory and finally his death.
1865 ::: 101 (2016) ::: war ::: '101' Abel Gains' film 'J'Kuse!' Which is considered one of the most important ant-war films in history. For this reason, '101' is created on the basis of the silent form. The film belongs to the war of Tenenburg, which was fought in East Precipitation in 1914. The Germans' victory over that Russian armed forces ended. The German Army commander-in-chief, Paul von Hindindaburg, will go down as 'Victor of Tenburg' in history, as the German command decided to name the war after the village of Tenenberg, which was located near the fight. In this way, the History of the German people suffered in the first war of Tenenburg 500 years ago in 1410. '101' is also related to today's world, which has been shown from the point of view. Similar protagonist who plays historic rhythmic roles in the film. His point of view in the form of documentary tables sinks according to subjective musical statement in the main plot of the film, as is the characteristic of the silent film. '101' today is an artistic view of the world in a particular historic comic context, which raises a question, 101 years after the outbreak of the first World War, is it more meaningful to shoot an anti -wages film? And whether it is worth respecting the film 'Ja' today! Which is almost immersed in oblivion.
1866 ::: Operation Blackbird (????) ::: war ::: During the WWII, one company called Waves to breed women and optimism. The groups are moved to identify with the Blackbird work. When the war and the previous enemies are to rotate them. They should leave them.
1867 ::: Zvezde su oci ratnika (1972) ::: war ::: When a warrior dies, a star is born, a company of us dies in a group of stars at birth. Little children are fascinated by ancient myths and old man's stories, people replace their signatures ready to shoot and put themselves in front of the German pipe.
1868 ::: Hurricane: Squadron 303 (2019) ::: war ::: Hurricane (Squadron 303) is the story of a group of courageous rods that fought in heaven over England in World War II not only to keep Great Britain free from the Nazis, but also about the idea of ​​its own country, which existed in his modern Form barely twenty years before it was knocked down between the opposing pines in Germany and Russia. Equipped with the almost soluble hurricane and (with an initial restraint), the RAF blue uniforms in the face of RAF uniforms while fighting, Poland lived. 1940. Great Britain stands in Europe alone against the growing stain of the rampant Nazi -rich, its nervous residents wonder what the future is doing. But a handful of people on this oppressed island know only too well what could have a possible future. You saw how Warsaw burned, Poland crumbled, surrendered to France. Men like Jan Zumbach, Witold Urbanowicz, Miroslaw Feric and Tolo Lokuciewski, Pilots of the Polish Air Force, who know that if the Air Force is not stopped, Poland, Holland and France were only Hitler's Hors d'oeuvre. So you are ready to fight when you get the planes. The problem is that the British do not trust the bloody poles. And so the pilots, strangers in a very strange country in fact, have to wage several wars at the same time in the course of a few months - with the xenophobia of the authorities and the public, with the language, the unknown hurricane collector, with the battle -hardened Air Force. But as soon as they are reluctant to go into operation by the RAF, the Polish fighters show what they can do by having an outer out of the enemy - and achieving their allies. The once enemy British Feelet The Polish Flyer as heroes - even savior. Now, however, the Poles have a fresh enemy - even when nerves and tiredness demand a terrible tribute to men who were pushed to the border by constant air warfare to save their own country over a foreign country. Not everyone will do it. Not all friendships will survive. And when it is over, Jan Zumbach will think a Pyrrhic victory, since Poland is handed over Stalin's dolls.
1869 ::: Brothers in Arms (2003) ::: war ::: A movie about the rare friendship shared by 6 men from Vietnam for about 35 years. This documentary explores the naval services in Mekonderta, how the war has affected them, how their experience in Vietnam has become the basis of friendship, and their "broken bonds". 。 The group has decided to visit Washington D.C.'s Vietnam veteran commemorative wall.
1870 ::: Hong se niang zi jun (1961) ::: war ::: In the 1930s, Wu Qionghua was a cleaning lady from Nan-Ba-Tian, ​​a cruel warlord of a village on the island of Hainan, China. Often mistreated by her master, Qionghua was finally saved by Hong Changqing, chief of the red detachment of women - a troop of women soldiers. She joined the troop and became the leader of the detachment after the death of Hong. They captured and executed the warlord and released the native village of Qionghua.
1871 ::: Bataan (1943) ::: war ::: Japan has just invaded the U.S. Phillipines and Army to try a desperate defense. Thirteen men are selected to explode a bridge on the bataan peninsula and prevent the Japanese from rebuilding.
1872 ::: Black Friday: Dark Dawn II (2014) ::: war ::: In The Black Friday: Dark Dawn Series, see how the Marine Corps Randa Raw turns into members of the most deadly fighting machine in the world. SSGT Nichols and his elite team followed a exclusive look behind the scenes in the US Marine Camp Camp in the United States. Learn what is needed to gain a position in the most fearful and respectful military power. Can you survive the most difficult recruitment training?
1873 ::: Fallen Hero (2009) ::: war ::: The col. Kevin Shea told his wife that he wanted all his men to come home alive before leaving for Iraq. After the end of his tour he is volunteering to stay until his replacement has arrived to ensure the safety of his men. His decision to remain was a big part of the reason all his men made him home, but also worth his life. Fallen Hero remembers the col. Kevin Shea and look at how people in the community are giving back to the heroes they have given so much to defend our freedoms.
1874 ::: Missing Jane (2004) ::: war ::: Jane, set during World War II, is Gordon Idaho, a Radio Operator of the B-17 bomber who has entered a new crew when a radio operator was killed in Europe in the winter of 1943. It is a story. Jane DOE is a group that is difficult to meet together with the first mission, and the bomber is downloaded and crash drops in the German countryside. The surviving members of the crew may evacuate to abandoned farmers, where they struggle to fight the elements, and they may be caught by each other and the Nazis. Immediately, Aidaho finds that his house contains the dark mystery one that he has decided to solve. Will Aidaho reveal the secrets of the past? Does the crew survive behind the enemy line?
1875 ::: "Xiu Cai Yu Dao Bing" (2015) ::: war ::: One is a tenant farmer, he is the needs of life, our Sanpao; The other is a young master of a great and influential family, Long Kianyan. Our Sanpao hate Kianyan's weak and delicate appearance, but Long Kianyan cannot retain the sudden, rude and ignorant behavior of our Sanpao. Gao Yanan, the head of Van Shaunhang, actress Van Shawhang and the Blue Dragon Society, makes the situation worse. Japanese forces gunfire breaks down a peaceful life in Elvish. To prevent foreign aggression, they choose to fight their sentiments and fight up to the shoulder with the enemy shoulder. No matter how they are, they all share the same identity at this time, which is the soldier. They brave the army bravely fighting against the occupation and are together when going through a test of life and death. They are stroggers first. Then they joined the Northeast Anti -Japanese United forces. Since then, they will gradually expand their power and fight steadily against the enemy. By improving their strategies and military power, they have become the backbone of anti -Japanese warriors and anti -Japanese power. In the end, they achieved remarkable military robberies. A group of these warriors looks at each other like brothers. In fact, they look like the encounters of the Giuki soldiers. Together, they are an invincible team, which excels in both literature and military. This play demonstrates the real quality of a particular heroes. Its interesting stories, personalized characters, and the story of the myth and the intriguing story from the earth are worth to see.
1876 ::: Geojedo: The 3rd Frontline (2017) ::: war ::: The Geojedo P.O.W camp (prison of the war camp) was founded in 1950 when the Korea War End. All prisoners were Koreans, but they were divided by two ideologies - communism and capitalism and came into conflict. In 1952, communist prisoners General Dodd, the head of the camp, kidnapped to negotiate their return to Noord -Korea. The Combined Forces Command of Korea-us decided to infiltrate special agent snakes to save general and put down riot. 'Studio Macro Graph' produced the incident of kidnapping that took place in Geojedo P.O.W, Kamp in 1952 as a First Person View (FPV) Interactive VR -filmmin keeping through the cinematic direction and the element of interaction with the public.
1877 ::: Words and Deeds (2009) ::: war ::: Continuing the interactive film series. SGT Tony Ortega and his team provide medical attention and fix the water purifier to the village to obtain information about the missing army operator of SOF. Series order: Episode 1 - Hearts and minds Episode 2 - Crossroads Episode 3 - Civil Discord Episode 4 - Tribal Negotiations Episode 5 - Welcome to A'Stan Episode 6 - Anti -Narcotics Episode 7 - Words and Cases Episode 8 - Medicines Extreme Episode 9 - Back to Episode 10 of Horn - Let's make a deal of Episode 11 - after reviewing actions.
1878 ::: No Better Place to Die (2019) ::: war ::: In the first 3 days of Normandy invasion, the 82nd air division tried to conquer and keep decisive crossing points over the Merderet River. When the hours and days passed, the water turned into blood in a fight without retreat.
1879 ::: Dom Zauvijek (2012) ::: war ::: During the battle of the country estimated (1991-1995), estimates estimate estimate of estimates. Thousands died and left others homeless. Through the voices of the general public, the arrival of the household tells the story with a great natural and human beauty of the land. The country still contains a conflict in conflict in the war of independence, both physical and mental, marks. It reflects to a part of history that although never changed, made and impressed the breed.
1880 ::: Fireflies at El Mozote (????) ::: war ::: The Night Worm in El Musat is a compelling practical war drama, with a strong social importance, inspired by real events. The massacre is well documented by the village of El Musaut, Muranzan Province, Al -Salvador, as the worst atrocity carried out by government forces for civilians in modern Latin American history. At the age of age, the story follows a ten -year survivor in its attempt to revenge on the death of the family and the destruction of its village.
1881 ::: Zvezde su oci ratnika (1972) ::: war ::: When a warrior dies, a star is born, a society dies by us when it was born in a group of stars. Small children are fascinated by old legends and stories of old people, people replace their signature to be shot and to put themselves in front of the German pipe.
1882 ::: Victory (1913) ::: war ::: Navy minute secretary commands by the United States. YouTiya to go to the Republic of the Revolution to protect the interests of America during being rewarded. He orders Commander to the founs with their incoming lifeninant Ward ward him fall in love, but the Minister of Agriculture is also sees the one young inventor. Has completed the construction of hydropans. While a state ball is capable of killing President Martinz during a state ball, then it makes efforts to take care of the government. Helen was eager for conspiracy and conspiracy. Before he has the opportunity to be shering to plan partnership, the Ward of these plans are the opportunity for the ward of these plans. Minister Gordon has finally got the freedom of infiltration branches at the end, but not while the withdrawal of the punishment. They prevents warning by wireless and levinant necklacement by the only wish of them fly the fifty mile in the hydroplain. The moving image camera is placed in the hydroplan then shows an interesting race by air and land. Lieutenant Ward, compared to a higher galiness than the battle and at the time that the monkey mine is preventing its destruction in the air. Commander Batton immediately opened the fire on the fort and during these battles. The Digman David is permitted to drop the bombachle. He does such a fatal result. Something soon is not fighting in the attack of the foreign shipment and was attached by a visitor's sea war with a hydroplaine to the bombs to the bombs. The ultimate saints of this sea war shows that outside of this boat prevents the affected steel outside of this boat. Drawless draws. Report in the US Embassy report in a reporter in the city. com. BONNSON commands that liftennantnutdord is rescue with a naval company. They're busy inventional benefits that are deprived of three to one. After unnecessary involvement charges Marine foreign batteries and takes the enemy. Ltormanutant is targeting wild with a successful marionean and the Minister Gordon and Heelin. The last landscape shows that the winner's winner will be successful as a battle, as if he presents to the officers and the crew that makes him happy in an array.
1883 ::: Beyond Glory (2015) ::: war ::: True stories of eight medals of Vietnamese, glorious, glorious, glorious, emotional and honorary recipients, such as honorary stage, TV, television and directors Stephen Lang.
1884 ::: The Last Partisan (????) ::: war ::: Eastern Europe, 1945 - As the wave of war changes, the Nazis increases their attempts to eliminate the "Jewish problem". There is a single SS officer who fears above all others - Reichter, a thirsty killer who has almost legendary position. She destroyed her village and killed her husband, a young mother, Eva, turned up to join a party group in her attempt to survive and find her 8 -year -old son, Felix. Wounded in Manoucheh with German soldiers, Eva resorted to an abandoned rural monastery. It is not alone for a long time. A German officer, Critzer, apparently German desertion, resorting to the monastery and discovering it. Two fishermen are an unlikely alliance, to save Eva's life. Meanwhile, Felix is ​​a friend of her by a teenage girl, Eszter, and links quickly among refugees. Eszter agrees to help Felix to search for his mother, although she knows the chances of finding her minimal. In Nightmare Haze of War, the mother and son are reunited, but it is too late; Nothing seems to be. It is the beginning and the end; Old relationships die and new relationships grow in place. The war ended for some forever, and the flame is transferred to the last party.
1885 ::: Operation Jericho (2018) ::: war ::: As they served in the United States, two American Muslims from CIA to take captive women terrorists in Afghanistan; Exerted the way to destroy the entire country that all the city appears to life and true love.
1886 ::: Ora X - pattuglia suicida (1969) ::: war ::: When it is left to return to the islands and Mediterranean in WWII, US military is left to destroy the necessary radio. But this is the beginning of US problems, ordinary people and German people.
1887 ::: No Better Place to Die (2019) ::: war ::: During the othermanian attack, the 82nd Aircraft branch fought to arrest and seize the words of professional crossier river. As the hours and days past, water without water hurts the blood without strike.
1888 ::: Operation Blackbird (????) ::: war ::: During the Second World War, an agency called Waves formed women in special ops. A group of them is deployed in a mission known as the Blackbird operation. After the war, they were hunted down by former colleagues and enemies. They should have left them alone.
1889 ::: Vostochny koridor (1966) ::: war ::: The philosophical parable "Eastern Corridor" was created during the decline of "defrosting", when the Soviet artists were measured and censored, but still "a breath of freedom." As the film industry (such as, in fact and another production), in the 1960s it is owned by the State, the question of commercial gains for the rental of films, although on the agenda, but it was not completely dominant. There were a call state orders on important issues of state ideology, such as a revolutionary, military, historical, biographical, etc. It is logical that within the framework of military subjects but also films that were not originally designed for a massive audience, but significant for the annual "plan". Therefore, there is no doubt that the "Eastern Corridor" was in the thematic approach of the "Belaruse-Film" study based on the usual section of partisan drums that the heroism of the Soviet people had during the occupation. Finally, the film was not the way he was waiting to see the boss, and was received with hostility not only for party officials, but also quite liberal critics. Therefore, it is surprising that after spending two years on the shelf, the movie "Eastern Corridor" is still in the so -called "limited release" in 1968 ... This film could be the success for any western festival of the late late Decade of 1960 (both a triumph and "the cranes are flying" and "the childhood of Ivan"), but, unfortunately ... after the creative life of the "Eastern Corridor" of Valentin Vingradov Obviously it did not work. An outstanding managerial talent is not granted, and he was forced to go to "ordinary cinema" ...
1890 ::: The Last Partisan (????) ::: war ::: Eastern Europe, 1945 - As the war tide changes, the Nazis intensify their attempts to eradicate the "Jewish problem". There is an SS officer fears above all the others - Richter, a bloodthirsty killer who has reached an almost legendary status. Her village has destroyed and her husband killed, a young mother, IVA, is forced to join a partisan group in her attempt to survive and find her 8 -year -old son, Felix. Belandée in a skirmish with German soldiers, Iva takes refuge in an abandoned country monastery. She is not alone for a long time. A German officer, Kreutzer, apparently a German deserter, also takes refuge in the monastery and discovers it. The two forge an improbable alliance, saving the life of IVA. Meanwhile, Felix is ​​friendly with a teenager, Eszter, and a link is quickly formed between the two refugees. Eszter agrees to help Felix looking for her mother, even if she knows that the chances of finding her alive. In the nightmarish mist of war, the mother and the son are gathered, but it is too late; Nothing and no one is what they seem. He is both beginner and fine; The old relationships die and new ones grow in their place. The war is over for a little forever, and the torch is transmitted to the last supporter.
1891 ::: The Samson Option (????) ::: war ::: A biochemical attack on America and Israel leads to the edge of a world apocalypse. Sara Mann, the first American president must fight enemies in the country and abroad while risking all of this in the quest for a singular good will which can stop madness and change the course of history.
1892 ::: Hong se niang zi jun (1961) ::: war ::: In the thirties of the twentieth century, Wu Qionghua was a home maid of Lebanon Ba Taian, a harsh war for a village on Heinan Island, China. Often, she was finally rescued by her master, she was finally rescued by Hong Changing, the leader of the red separation of women - the forces of the soldiers. She joined the forces and became the leader of the separation after the death of Hong. They captured and executed the Emir of the war and liberated the village of Kyungwa.
1893 ::: "The Red" (2014) ::: war ::: In 1937, Japanese imperialists started aggression against China, and the Chinese people passed to a very important stage. XU day was originally painted in a normal small color, "ordinary small" color, a patriotic and Japanese wars, and he touched a patriotic spirit, so he cared for important materials to his acute thought. During this time, he met with a sophisticated, tichelyin and met with beautiful women and met with beautiful women. ...... ......
1894 ::: Hong se niang zi jun (1961) ::: war ::: In the 1930s, Wucionia was directed by Namba Tian, ​​a cruel warlord in the village on Hainan Island, China. QionGhua, who was often abused by her husband, was finally rescued by Hong Changqing, a leader in the red separation of women. She joined the unit and became a separation leader after Hong Kong died. They were fascinated by the warlord and executed them, and released their hometown of QionGhua.
1895 ::: Hurricane: Squadron 303 (2019) ::: war ::: The hurricane (squadron 303) is the history of a group of bold pillars that fight in the sky over England during World War II, not only to keep the UK free from the Nazis, but also to keep the living idea of ​​their own country that existed in the modern Its form only twenty years before being crushed between the enemy jaws of Germany and Russia. Equipped with almost overtaken hurricane and (with some initial reluctance) they gave blue uniforms to RAF while they were fighting, Poland lived. In 1940, the UK stands independently in Europe against the growing spot of the growing Nazi Empire, its nervous inhabitants wonder what the future is. But a handful of people on this dressed island know only too well what a possible future can be. They saw the burning of Warsaw, Poland collapses, France Capitulat. Men like Yang Zumbach, Vitold Urbanevich, Miroslav Ferrick and Tolo Lokuzreski, pilots of the Polish Air Force who know that if the Luftwafe was not stopped, then Poland, the Netherlands and France were just Hero -D'Owre of Hitler. So they are ready to fight if they are given planes. The problem is that the British do not trust the "bloody poles". And so the pilots, unknown in what really seems very strange land, will have to fight several wars at a time - with the xenophobia of the authorities and the public, with the language, unknown hurricane fighters, with the battle - hardened Luftwaffe. But since they are reluctant to work from RAF, Polish fighters show what they can do while firing the enemy outside - bringing their allies. The hostile British holidays of Polish leaflets as heroes - savior, even. Now, however, the Poles have a fresh enemy - themselves, as nerves and fatigue take a terrible taxi on men, pushed to the limit of a constant air war, fighting to save their own country over foreign land. Not everyone will do it. Not all friendships will survive. And when it is over, Jan Zumbach will consider a pyrollic victory, as Poland surrenders to Stalin's puppets.
1896 ::: "Perevodchik" (2014) ::: war ::: This is the story that a normal man becomes a hero. Andrey Petrovich Starkov, a chemical teacher called Charlie, lives with his wife and mother in an old house. Many people in this house live in this house. Among them are Russians, Ukrainians, Jews, Tartar, and Armenians. However, when the Nazi enters the city, the life of civilians changes. To save his family and friends, "Charlie" has to work as a Nazi translator ...
1897 ::: "The Red" (2014) ::: war ::: In 1937 the Japanese authorities began the wicked war against Chinese, the Chinese countries had entered the critical time. The Xu of Xu is a small speech, accidents involving the Japanese, so he used a sharp mind that helps representatives that elevate important items. At this time, he met Jin in Tilin, and met the good company, but met the woman beautiful, or following the only time of history ......
1898 ::: Krvava bajka (1969) ::: war ::: Kurjavi Agreement Kill is the victims of the victims through events that in the bodies of boys, belongs to the shoes. At the time, thousands of workers declined to work for the occupiers, and to prevent innocent and preventing the malnutrition of food.
1899 ::: Uka i Bjeshkëve të nemura (1968) ::: war ::: Uka is an old Albanian that lives in the mountains on the border of Kosovo and Albania. As a respectable person, he should treat his son who befriends Italian fascists during WW2. The film depicts events in Kosovo during the WW2, where the great wolf is being misled by Procaletez Dazahid and the Italians are cheated who kills their biased people who kills brothers .. Bleeding for vengeance flows, which will eventually spend it on his head.
1900 ::: Flight 208 (2007) ::: war ::: An experiment in style and thought, he travels in space and time, covering more than two hundred people, cutting cultures and nations in just about 5 minutes. A rapidly advanced audiovisual experience that affects the pace of life and the death of reasoning around us. Dream, thought, a cutting monologue (or multologist) ... Whatever it is, it goes through the most unusual flight.
1901 ::: Kapyong (2011) ::: war ::: On April 24, 1951, following a route from the South Korean army, the Chinese army followed their enemy to the Australian and Canadian soldiers, who were still defending the back of the back 39 kilometers. Here, sometimes during a bayonet, often in complete darkness, the person was struggling between a superpower and a cluster of other nations from all over the world. They fought for a valley, an ancient and traditional attack on Seoul. If the southern capital and war fell, it would be lost. UN soldiers had a military advantage over the support of land and artillery: the Chinese were fully trusted. As a result, young men found a battle on both sides, which was very close and very personal. The Battle of Kapyung became a turning point in China's fifth attack in that spring of Korea. The purpose of the attack was to eventually bring foreign troops out of South Korea and to the sea. Instead, what happened, changed the history of the Korean war. The Chinese were deprived of victory and were forced to negotiate. If they succeeded, another crushing defeat for the United States could have created events that led to the nuclear Holocaust in Asia - and World War III.
1902 ::: "Povratak otpisanih" (1976) ::: war ::: In the summer of 1944, PRL and Teh, the young, in collaboration with the PE resistance fighters, Joka, Old and capital Radio-Operator Puretor, are sent by the party to Belgrade, the capital of Yugoslav, the capital of Yugoslav. As the victorious biased forces are contacted, the PRL, Tehi and Joka must continue their underground work to prepare the city for liberation.
1903 ::: Sgt. Dondi (1980) ::: war ::: Join the army, see the world. Join the army, see the mud. Sgt. Dondi and his men are on a mission. A mission to do what is not certain. See Dondi trudge through the jungles of South Asia, leading bizarre characters such as Hollywood, Psycho, Dago and Scout. Will they achieve their goal? Will they be successful? A package verification is in order.
1904 ::: A Soldier's Gift (????) ::: war ::: The world of war. Six men struggling to survive. A gift that brought them with hope and encouragement. The gifts of soldiers inspired by historical events are adventures that reach cultural and racial barriers, and God may use simple things to remind us of his great love. I will tell you that.
1905 ::: Red Army Heroes (1990) ::: war ::: In 1948, the enemy chandling to the internal staff of the enemy Chen Feng (Chen Feng), the enemy site is not yet open, its night's grandmother's morning to save lyewitness. Chong Feng drilled the car to the traffic station. Corruptly shot by Shong French, ... Chong flexion has been replaced by a river in the north of our army, in the northern of the enemy, temporary expense of enemies, recently escaped the ambient expense of the enemy, and the bridge of the yellow river . Local self-government and military leaders have held a memorial ceremony of "Zhongfending", "Zhounffm", Zhounzhoums, to join the maternity of the juggest, to join the childbirth. The Staff of the Dala Army immediately immediately published a telegraphic military commission of the CPC, which was ordered by the Central Military Commission of the CPC, which ripens and immediately issued an order to release the overcoming triumph. One, one, four, nine columns of the Central Planish army, one, three, four, nine columns to protect the second day of Asia after fighting the enemy battles, Lyu Kauntwe, Hou-Yu-Yuan, to protect the second day of Asia. The railway bridge of the Yellow River produced more than 15,000 rain. Victory in a battle without a victory.
1906 ::: Operation Blackbird (????) ::: war ::: During the WWII, an institution that turns women in a special operation called waves. Their groups are placed on a mission that has been placed on the identified mission called blackbrids. After the fighting, they are kissed by former cooperators and enemies. They should be left alone.
1907 ::: Cenata na gradot (1970) ::: war ::: These images take place in a small town, where the Germans are preparing to withdraw by the end of the war. But the carload of the Russian prisoners get people to feed people, then the inmates will escape their watchmen. The townspeople try to protect them from Germans but are not successful.
1908 ::: When We Were Heroes (2005) ::: war ::: "Wen V. Heroes" is a 12 to 20 -year -olds starring and built (no budget) war image. Without professional assistance or professional actors. Those who fought in the war called Operation Market Garden have the idea of ​​creating a dedicated film. Three youths from the 101st air department will fall deep into the occupied Holland on September 17, 1944; Operation Market Garden is the largest military action after de-day. Their targeted soldiers are facing the villages that occupy their targeted soldiers towards the Eindhoven and face with German forces and civilians. One of the victims was Anna Ruten, a young woman. Two brothers Joe and John Davidson and their close friend James H. The experiences of Perry's memories were recalled from the letters written by Joe and Anna after the war. "Wen V. Heroes" is a touching war play, with action. This image shows what the war is to be sent to young people who have been sent to war and show people to find people through war experiences.
1909 ::: Cross of Steel (2014) ::: war ::: Cross of Steel is a documentary of World War II like no other. The film follows the war from the perspective of the German soldiers and strives to represent an impartial point of view. Without political nuances or third -party agendas. Unique us while we analyze the German war machine and dissect their tactics and elite combat training, advanced weapons, psychological conditioning and unparalleled discipline.
1910 ::: Lady from Chungking (1942) ::: war ::: In Japanese occupied China, Madame Kwan Mei is the leader of a resistance organization based in a rural village. When two American aircraft are shot near the village, it plans to save them and help them help organize it. Then, when the Japanese General Kaimura reaches the village, she realizes that a major operation is close. She decides to forgive an aristocrat in order to gain the confidence of the general and to learn his plans.
1911 ::: Kraljevski voz (1981) ::: war ::: It was 1941 that the German armies took Yugoslavia, train playport and chemical sports for privacy and privacy The two German German and the police are looking for it on the train, its coming and the coming in Kallavo as possible. His determination to get the right people will get the right people to go, and it goes, by a gun attack when warfare will arrive - know the way to finish his work.
1912 ::: Broj 55 (2014) ::: war ::: In the fall of 1991, a small group of Croatian soldiers watched in an improvised army vehicle. Shortly after they were to be dressed and their vehicle was destroyed, in that situation they were forced to hide in a nearby house. While stationed in that house they would be attacked by rebel Serbs, the Serbian Special Forces and the NA (the Yugoslav People's Army, also restrained as the Yugoslav National Army). Their resistance to the attackers lasts 24 hours while their fellow fighters try to try to get them out of there. The movie and history are based on true events that happened during the Croatian Independence War. In the fall of 1991, a small group of Croatian soldiers watched in an improvised army vehicle. Shortly after they were to be dressed and their vehicle was destroyed, in that situation they were forced to hide in a nearby house. While stationed in that house they would be attacked by the rebel Serbs, the Serbian Special Forces and the NA (Army of the Yugoslav people, also called as a Yugoslav national army). Their resistance to the attackers lasts 24 hours while their fellow fighters try to try to get them out of there. The movie and history are based on true events that happened during the Croatian Independence War.
1913 ::: Words and Deeds (2009) ::: war ::: Continuing the interactive film series. SGT Tony Ortega and his team provide medical attention and fix the water purifier to the village to obtain information about the missing army operator of SOF. Series order: Episode 1 - Hearts and minds Episode 2 - Crossroads Episode 3 - Civil Discord Episode 4 - Tribal Negotiations Episode 5 - Welcome to A'Stan Episode 6 - Anti -Narcotics Episode 7 - Words and Cases Episode 8 - Medicines Extreme Episode 9 - Back to Episode 10 of Horn - Let's make a deal of Episode 11 - after reviewing actions.
1914 ::: Seulpeumeun jeobyeoldeulegedo (1978) ::: war ::: The village of Kama is overrun by the North Korean army during the Korean war and the villagers have to arise. Man-Bok, the village idiot, adopts the paths of his conquerors with glee, but begins to have a change in the heart when he sees how a young boy is slaughterhous and hears how a girl tells how her parents were killed.
1915 ::: ArmA: Armed Assault (2007) ::: war ::: A small contingent of the US Army was sent to the Atlantic Island of Sahrani to help training the army of the local pro -American monarchy. The South Sahrani Kingdom, rich in natural resources, has always been contrary to its northern neighbor, the Democratic Republic of Sahrani. In recent years, however, the situation has established itself in a restless but peaceful joint existence. But the Democratic Republic of Sahrani sees the training of southern troops from the United States as a threat. When they learn that US troops have completed their deployment and are in the process of delivery, the North is preparing to hit, while the false sense of security still occupies the minds of their southern neighbors.
1916 ::: "Top Secret Level 18" (2011) ::: war ::: Top Secret Level 18 is a narrative film that discovers 18 true stories made in Ukraine during World War II. He passed under the stamp "Top Secret" in Soviet Secret Service Documents. The film reveals 18 terrible events that have been documented by revealing evidence and eyewitness testimony. These are events that help to make sense of the existing lies about World War II. The international audience is aware of the crimes committed by Nazi Germany, but there is little understanding of the crimes committed by Stalin and his own generals against his own people. The truth was buried for a long time as Stalin's USSR announced victory in the war.
1917 ::: Black Friday: Dark Dawn II (2014) ::: war ::: In this following film of the Black Friday series: Dark Dawn, look at how the Marine Corps transforms RAW recruits into certified members of the most fatal combat machine in the world. Follow the senior drilling instructor SSGT Nichols and its elite team for an exclusive backstage of the Training Camp of the United States Marines. Learn what it takes to gain a position in the most feared and most respected military force ever seen. Could you survive the most difficult imaginable recruits training?
1918 ::: "Da Jue Ze" (2012) ::: war ::: In the summer of 1937, the Japanese launched a comprehensive aggressive war, and Beijing was surrounded by three aspects, at stake. Professor at the University of Boston Wu Mingai, national scientists, regardless of the opposition of yellow orchard lovers, and his assistant Shu Lejuan began firmly on the journey of returning to China. After returning to Beijing, Wu Mingai interfered with the role of Beijing University, for its Japanese military crushing "The Great East Asian Culture Strategy", Leo Jian personally moved White and Winsing, and Chan King Chouang moved a national. Changsha finally arrived in Kunming and protecting a large number of students.
1919 ::: Tribal Negotiations (2009) ::: war ::: Continue the interactive films series. The village war between Sunnis and Shiites has a sergeant. Tony Ortega hold a straw to get both Sheiks to meet on a common ground. Series arrangement: Episode 1 - Hearts and Reason Episode 2 - Crossroads Episode 3 - Civil Episode 4 - Tribal Negotiations Episode 5 - Welcome to Episode 6 - Drug Control Episode 7 - Words and Acts Episode 8 - Extremism episode 9 - Return to Episode 10 - Let us We put in episode 11 - after reviewing the work.
1920 ::: Tribal Negotiations (2009) ::: war ::: Continuation of interactive film series. The village war between Sunnis and Shiites has SGT. Tony Ortega is grabbing the straws to obtain both Sheikhs to meet the common ground. Series Sequence: Episode 1 - Hearts and Minds Episode 2 - Crossroads Episode 3 - Civil Strife Episode 4 - Tribal negotiations Episode 5 - Welcome to Episode 6 - Anti -Cenarcotics Episode 7 - Words and Deeds Episode 8 9 - Return to Horn section 10 - Let's do a part of the transaction 11 - After checking the action.
1921 ::: Victory (1913) ::: war ::: Navy Secretary U.S. To travel to the Utah Republic of Antilles to protect American interests during the upcoming revolution. Upon arriving at Kaiman, the Principal Seaport, Commander Benson, ordered the Lieutenant Ward to evaluate the Lieutenant Ward, to go to the capital Valdiva and report to the American embassy, ​​thus advising him about the general situation. On his arrival, Lieutenant ward meets Minister Gordon and his daughter Helen, who falls in love with him at once, but Antillal's War Minister General De La Monte finds an opponent in the man. He also meets a young inventor, who has completed the construction of a hydroplane. While attending the government ball, Helen General De La Monte conspired to assassinate President Martinez and then blew up the American warship in an attempt to seize the government's reins in his hands. Helen tells the Lieutenant Ward about the conspiracy. The Lieutenant ward was misused for the murder of President Martinez before he was likely to block these plans. Minister Gordon will eventually get the Lieutenant Ward freedom, but not time to avoid the departure of conspirators. They are prevented from sending warning by wireless and determines their unique hope in making fifty miles flight in the Lieutenant Ward Hydroplan. The moving picture camera placed on the hydroplane then shows an exciting race through the air and earth. The Lieutenant Ward, which is a bold glide for a height of 1,500 feet, reaches the time to prevent its destruction through the harbor throwing a tower water in two hundred feet of air. Commander Benson immediately opens the fire on the castle and in this breathtaking fight. The Lieutenant ward asks permission to drop the bomb from the hydroplane. He does that with deadly results. This war is no more quickly than the foreign naval attack and the wonderful Navy war takes place, which shows that the Utah flights are defeated by the help of bombs from hydroplane. The last scenes of this naval war are helplessly showing the foreign ships of twisted steel that actually sinks in the sea of ​​one of these ships. Reaches wireless com. The rebellion was reported in Benson from the American Embassy. Com. Benson ordered the Marines to protect the lieutenant ward. They engage in more than three to one revolutionaries. After desperate engagement Marines charge foreign batteries and change the enemy. Lieutenant Ward enters Validiva with Victorius Marines and saves Minister Gordon and Helen. The last scene shows that the Lieutenant Ward will be successful as long as he is in the war, as he won Helen, she later serves her to the authorities and staff.
1922 ::: Fireflies at El Mozote (????) ::: war ::: Fireflies at El Mozote is a convincing war drama, a strong social connection, inspired by real events. It lists the well -documented massacre in the village of Al -Name Mozot, Morazan Province, El Salvador, which is the worst atrocities committed by government forces against civilians in the history of modern Latin America. This 10 -year -old survivors follow his endeavor to avenge the death of his family and destroy his village.
1923 ::: Krvava bajka (1969) ::: war ::: In memory of the victims of Kraguzheva massacre is described by a group of children, shoe polishes. At that time, thousands of workers refused to work for invaders, and the whole city was subjected to the harsh repression and persecution of innocent citizens and stable foods.
1924 ::: La lunga notte dei disertori - I 7 di Marsa Matruh (1970) ::: war ::: When the German Africa Corps in 1942, the World War Two smashs through the friendly lines in North Africa; A group of British soldiers are determined to return to their own lines. Raising more concerned people on the way, their journey is full of danger and Germans at every turn.
1925 ::: Victory (1913) ::: war ::: NAVY Secretary orders the U.S.S. Utah to proceed to the Republic of Antillas to protect American interests during the imminent revolution. Upon their arrival in Caiman, the main port, Commander Benson orders the Lieutenant Ward to proceed in Valdiva, the capital, and reports to the US Embassy to keep him advice on the general situation. Upon his arrival the Lieutenant Ward meets with Minister Gordon and his daughter Helen, with whom he is in love, but finds rivals in the person of General De La Monte, the Minister of the Antillas War. He also meets a young inventor who has just ended up building a hydroplan. While attending a Government ball Helen listens to the Gen. De La Monte who conspired to kill President Martinez, and then explodes the American battle in an attempt to take over the government's reins. Helen tells the Lieutenant Ward of the conspiracy. Before having the opportunity to disrupt these Lieutenant Ward plans he is wrongly arrested for the murder of President Martinez. Minister Gordon finally gains freedom of Lieutenant Ward, but not in time to prevent the departure of conspirators. They are avoided from sending a warning from Wireless and Lieutenant Ward decides that their only hope lies in his flight of fifty miles in the hydroplan. The moving press camera placed in the hydroplan itself then shows an exciting air and ground race. The Lieutenant Ward, at a height of 1,500 feet, makes a heartbeat glide for battle and reaches there hardly in time to prevent its destruction from a port mine that casts a two hundred feet water tower in the air. Commander Benson immediately opens the fire on the fort and during this exciting fight. The Lieutenant Ward calls for permission to drop a bomb from the hydroplan. He does so with deadly results. No earlier this battle from Utah is attacked by the foreign fleet and a spectacular naval battle occurs showing Utah overcoming the fleet with the help of the bombing from the hydroplan. The final scenes of this naval battle show the masses of the foreign ships of steel spun at the current sea of ​​one of these ships. A wireless reaches com. Benson from the US Embassy who reported that a riot occurred in the City. Com. Benson orders the Lieutenant Ward for rescue with a marine company. They involve the revolutionists who beat them three to one. After a desperate commitment, the sea sea charges foreign batteries and turns the enemy. The Lieutenant Ward runs to Valdiva along with the Marini and Rescue winners Gordon and Helen. The last scene shows that Lieutenant Ward is successful in love as in war, as Helen wins, and then presented to Utah's officers and crew, who congratulate her for an echo.
1926 ::: When We Were Heroes (2005) ::: war ::: "When We Wre Heroes" is a (no budget) a war film that was played and produced by those from 12 to 20 years old. Without any professional help or professional actors. The idea was to make a film dedicated to those who fought in the battle called Operation Market Garden. Three young men from the 101st airborne division who fell deep into the Holland occupied on September 17, 1944; Operation Market Garden The greatest military action after D -Day. In their mission to Eindhoven, the soldiers occupied villages and faced the German troops and the civilian victims. One of the victims was a young girl named Anna Rutten. The experiences of the two brothers Joe and John Davidson and their close friend James H. Perry Memories recalled by letters written in both directions by Joe and Anna after the war. "When We Wre Heroes" is a touching war drama, full of action. The film shows what a war made to young people who are sent to war and show different ways in which people find in war experiences.
1927 ::: Cenata na gradot (1970) ::: war ::: The films take place in a small town where the Germans get ready before the end of the war. But a car charge of Russian prisoners makes people eat them, then the prisoners overcome their guards and escape. The citymen try to save them from the Germans, but not successful.
1928 ::: The Battle of Trafalgar (1911) ::: war ::: We show Lord Nelson, leaving the American room, where he delivers his famous speech and then presents it with his gun gives details of this wonderful plan for the attack that was carried out on the message in Trafalgar, the inspirations of the captains and their enthusiastic elites. Then we are transferred to the day before the battle when men write their last messages to the house. Here a beautiful effect of scenic landscape and photography is presented as the vision of one lover of the lieutenant. This gives an opportunity to present this famous episode of the message in which Lord Nelson called the post ship for one message, which admires the hearts of everyone who sails at the sea. Then we are transferred to the morning of October 1, twenty -first, eighteen hundred and five, when the enemy fleet is seen. The floors are cleared of work and the colors are raised seriously this occasion before entering the battle. The correct accident is filmed to raise the famous signal, "England, that every man performs his work" in a wonderful way and is implemented with all the details, and we note the compassionate touch in Nelson's life in bid for bids to accept it at that time. We now reach the small human touch in his life and learn the true personality of the man, because, in his last entry into his memoirs before the battle, he makes peace with his maker. And now we have reached that wonderful wonderful image of the true battle of Trojir. We see ships while working, shooting, and ships caught fire, then the camera turns into a close width from the surface of victory where human life is sacrificed by hundreds, the top of the fighting from the beating, a fatal snapshot and the fall of Nelson. Then we see that wonderful character in his death, seriousness, beauty, and broadcasts that are carried out by the Edison players with all her handicapped; Captain Hardy, the last kiss, news of victory and finally his death.
1929 ::: Sutjeska (1973) ::: war ::: The Sutjeska battle known as '' Fifth Offensive '' is the worst, the most tragic and the largest battle that had led Jugoslav partisans in World War II. The chaos, hell, fate, suffering, all heroic deaths and tragedy of Sutjeska is one poetic way and at the same time tragically described in this phenomenal film. This film, was made for the 30th anniversary of the battle is also the most expensive film in the history of Yugoslav cinema. The Sutjeska battle known as '' Fifth Offensive '' is the worst, the most tragic and the largest battle that had led Jugoslav partisans in World War II. The chaos, hell, fate, suffering, all heroic deaths and tragedy of Sutjeska is one poetic way and at the same time tragically described in this phenomenal film. This film was made for the 30th anniversary of the battle is also the most expensive film in the history of Yugoslav cinema. Nel Maggio Del 1943 The Army di Liberazione Jugoslava Guidata da tito deve affrontare la quinta offensive delle truppe tedesche. La wrestle has revealed Senza tregua per riuscire ad aprirsi un varco nella cerchia di ferro e di fuoco del nemico.
1930 ::: Countering Extremism (2009) ::: war ::: Continuing the interactive film series. Sgt. Tony Ortega should find the SO army operator by building relationships with the local village of the village. Sorting of Series: Episode 1 - Hearts and Minds Episode 2 - Episode Crucifixion 3 - Civil Strife Episode 4 - Tribal Talks Episode 5 - Welcome to A'stan Episode 6 - Anti -Narcotics Episode 7 - Words and Acts Episode 8 - Counterfeit Episode 9 9 - Back to Horn Episode 10 - Let's make an episode 11 - after reviewing the action.
1931 ::: Zvezde su oci ratnika (1972) ::: war ::: When a warrior dies, a star is born, a company of us dies when born in a group of stars. Young children are fascinated by ancient legends and elderly stories, people replace their signature ready to be shot and put themselves in front of the German tube.
1932 ::: Vostochny koridor (1966) ::: war ::: Philosophical similarity "Eastern Corridor" was created during the deterioration of the "thaw", when Soviet artists were measured and censored, but still "a breath of freedom". Since the film industry (indeed and other production) is fully owned by the state in the 1960s, the issue of commercial profit from the rent of films is, although on the agenda, but was not completely dominant. There were so -called state assignments on important topics of state ideology, such as a revolutionary, military, historical, biographical, etc., but also films that were not originally designed for a mass audience, but important for the annual 'plan'. So there is no doubt that the "Eastern corridor" in the thematic focus of the "Belarus" studio was based on the usual partisan drum section that tells about the heroism of Soviet people during the occupation. In the end, the film was not the way he waited to see the boss, and was not only greeted with hostility for party officials, but also fairly liberal critics. So it is only surprising that the film "Eastern Corridor" after spending two years on the shelf in the so -called "Limited Release" in 1968 ... This film could be the hit for every Western Festival of the late 1960s (As much a triumph as "the cranes fly" and "Ivan's Childhood."), But unfortunately ... after the "Eastern Corridor" creative life of Valentin Vinogradov clearly did not work. Excellent director is not given to open, and he was forced to go to the "normal cinema" ...
1933 ::: Param Vir Chakra (1995) ::: war ::: Three friends of the National Defense Academy fall in love with a girl .. They pass as officials of Indian Defense Services, one Army officer becomes the second Naval officials and the third as an Air Force Officer ... on the birthday of the girl wants to propose every girl. The war on the borders was famous .. The girl was in love with the Naval Officer, because they decide to cause anyone to suffer because they would fight war for the nation .. It was not wanting to break their hearts. . Love for the nation becomes supreme for all ...
1934 ::: Flight 208 (2007) ::: war ::: An experience of style and thought, it moves in space and time, extending over more than two hundred people, cutting cultures and nations, in just 5 minutes. An audiovisual experience with a rapid rhythm that reflects on the rhythm of life and the death of reasoning around us. A dream, a thought, a cup monologue (or a multi-language) ... Anyway, he takes one through a most unusual flight.
1935 ::: Maria's Song (????) ::: war ::: Maria's song is bright, rebellious, eleven-year-old daughter, her hero, her hero, her hero, Jeorge like a world like that you can save their lives and imagine them as you can save them as much as possible.
1936 ::: Fallen Hero (2009) ::: war ::: Lt. Col. Kevin told his wife that he wanted all people to come to life before he left Iraq. After his journey, he volunteered to stay until his replacement arrived to ensure the safety of his men. His decision would be part of the reason why all people can create it at home, but also he lost his life. Too many heroes remember lt. Kevin Shea and look at how the civil heroes are defending our freedom.
1937 ::: Jeungeon (1974) ::: war ::: Lieutenant Jang has plans for the weekend with his child, but North Korea's combat planes suddenly fill the skies of Seoul. It is June 25, 1950; The beginning of the Korean War. Despite the South Defense, the North Korean army surpasses them with high -tech weapons. We go from the invasion, all the way through the brutal battles to claim territory. The tragedy of the war told through personal experience.
1938 ::: Pohwasokui shibjaga (1956) ::: war ::: The big lesson was shot dead after his troops when they have been much done by the Chinese forces in the Korean war. He is receiving refuge in peas with the peas with two wounded American soldiers, but is too long to place them long
1939 ::: Beyond Glory (2015) ::: war ::: Set against the backdrop of Vietnam, WWII and Korean War, Beyond Glory honored the stirring of eight medal recipients, emotional and heroic true stories, as performed and acted by the acclaimed platform, TV and film actor Stephen Lang.
1940 ::: Missing Jane (2004) ::: war ::: It was identified during the Second World War, which is the story of a missing gene, the story of Gordon Idaho, the Bomber Bomber B-17 operator, which is directed to a new crew when their radio operator is killed on the European sky in the winter of 1943. From Jane Doe is a difficult group It fits with its first task together, the launcher is dropped and disrupted in the German countryside. The surviving crew members resort to an abandoned farm house where they struggle to fight the elements, each other and fear of their arrest by the Nazis. Idaho soon discovers that the house has a dark puzzle-it is determined to solve. Will Idahu reveal the secrets of the past? Will the crew remain behind enemy lines?
1941 ::: Tribal Negotiations (2009) ::: war ::: Continuing an interactive movie series. Sergeant in the village war between Sunni and Shiite. Tony Ortega holds on the straw and to meet both shakes on ordinary ground. Series Order: Episode 1 - Hearts and Minds 2 - Crossods Episode 3 - Civil Strief Episode 4 - Tribal Negotiation Episode 5 - Welcome to Aston Episode 6 - Anti -Narcotics Episode 7 - Words and Deeds Episode 8 - Resistant extremism episode 9 - Return to Horn Episode 10 - Let's Deal Episode 11 - After Action Review.
1942 ::: The Crimson Wing (1915) ::: war ::: Count Ludwig Von Lun-Talaram, a German military officer, meets Margaret Claron, while instead of watering on the France's border line. He falls in love with him and manifests his feelings. She denies her so kindly. She loves her more. Later, the calculation meets Marcel de Lambache, the daughter of a French general, whom they knew in childhood. She falls in love with her. While he is still giving her to court, the war between Germany and France broke out and she is called back to her. Marcele is a sharp patriot and goes ahead with his father. When the officer is killed, he leads the soldiers of the soldiers against the German Scouting Party. It is captured by the calculation, which sends it safely to the French lines. Paul D'Arbale, one of the spies, is one of MLL's suitors. Claron, whom he haters. She swears to her that she will enter her power. It joins the French Army as a Red Cross Nurse. She is wounded on the battlefield and nurses her until she is almost recovered. He then arranges to send him back to his command. Arbel finds this and and threatens to condemn the calculation as a spy until she gives her desires. He agrees to save the calculation, promises to meet him at his aunt's house nearby. He goes there in the evening and she got dead. She has kept her promise, but rather than submitting her poison. After the war is over, the count meets Marcel and they betray.
1943 ::: Kony Order from Above (2017) ::: war ::: Two children (Ottti and Aguti) fall in love during the shocked uprising of the northern Uganda of Uganda of Resistance (LRA), but are divided when Ottti was kidnapped at the age of 11. While in the abduction, he tries to escape home again and gets raped with every vain effort. So he decides to stay in the bush with the LRA rebels and quickly enters the inner circle of the infamous LRA rebel leader Joseph Kony. Despite his omission for fame, his love for Aguti remains impatient. In an attempt to support him, Otti wrote to the letter Aguti - who is then attending school at Aboke Girl School - through the village of Reverend. Soon, the LRA leadership takes the smell of communication and the ruthless captain Brown (senior LRA commander) decides to attack the village, grabing everyone in it. The rebels also attack the Aboke Girls school, where Aguti has also been abducted. Upon arriving at the rebellious camp, the kidnappers are shown to be the interest of falling into Aguti immediately, ignorant of the relationship between her and Ottti. He then forcibly takes her as a woman and she becomes his younger wife. However, being in the inner circle approaches Ottti who is a military and the most trusted Kony. Otti then duty with the safety of Kony's last wife Aguti - torn between loyalty to the rebellious cause and his love for him.
1944 ::: "Underground" (2009) ::: war ::: The famous writer is adapted to the novel of the same name, which is based on the novel of the same name, which is created on the hidden front, which makes a special contribution to the characters of the bin. On the eve of the release, Liu Khako Koshao successfully passed the KMT Privacy Bureau, "Land" of Army Agents, "Land" station "Successfully held the trust of the Senjuyhist" city defense card "Stable task, our military peace life To reduce Shenianyan's decrease in a significant contribution. Liu Kachao and other "underground" and other "underground" workers enter the work of the Bureau of Public Security, get hidden spies.
1945 ::: Hajka (1977) ::: war ::: After leaving the Chetniks and the destruction to make an agreement between the partisans and the Chetniks, an angry partisan unit for betrayal, the fraud is being disrupted. A broken group of unintentional partisans sabotage is drawn to the attention of Chetnik, and the Italians who, instead, attacked the headquarters of the Supreme People Liberation War, entering a bloody campaign against wounded partisans, hungry and poor armed by shrimp. In that hell, everyone becomes a hunted beast and the beast that is persecuted. In the chaos of destruction, in the desert, in the midst of the rage of death, the wounded son of the partisan is born, a symbol of the triumph of life.
1946 ::: "Feng lei dong" (2013) ::: war ::: The story concentrates on the Hengs, a large merchant family in the 1920s and 1930s in Harbin. At that time, the brutal Japanese soldiers spread the virus in Harin. By extremely cruel means, they treat Chinese people as their "test field". The Hennges lead people to fight Japanese soldiers. With the mystery of origin of the Hengs being disclosed, the HENGS suffer decay. However, the three children make a big difference in their family defense and save the country. At the same time, they are also connected to complicated emotional confusions.
1947 ::: "Obratnoy dorogi net" (1971) ::: war ::: Major Toporkov of the Red Army survived the camp of prisoners, meet in partial unit with a request of prisoners: the revolt is being prepared in the camp, weapons are needed. The commander sends a convoy with weapons, but may be a traitor within the unit.
1948 ::: "Qi jian" (2008) ::: war ::: Hung Yuanhai enters the Navy's great hope in the Navy's strong Chinese naval forces. The head of the naval base Lu Hui, Jung Yuanha, appoints a desert to check his resolution. However, at the beginning of the training, Zheng Yuanhai always contradicts Chen Ganjun, Rocket and Naval. After ten years Chen Ganjun will be the captain of the crash, and Zheng Yuanhai will be the captain of Frigate. In the fight against an unknown invasive submarine, Zheng Yuanhai's wisdom and the courage of Chen Dzhanjun sinking to build seafood. However, during camping for flagship captain, the winning of Chen Ganjun leads to an unknown submarine to escape. When he removed the arm form, Chen Ghanjun Chen Yuanha will choose Yuanhas to understand his great expectations. A university student who worked in the Navy Yuanha will become a flagship captain after all difficulties and failures, and eventually writes a beautiful conversation about the blue sea, honesty and effort.
1949 ::: Sutjeska (1973) ::: war ::: The battle of Sutjeska known as `` fifth offensive '' is the hardest, most tragic and largest battle that was taken to Yugoslav supporters in World War II. Chaos, hell, fate, suffering, heroic deaths and the entire Sutjeska tragedy is a poetic form and, at the same time, is tragically described in this phenomenal film. This film was made for the 30th anniversary of the battle, it is also the most expensive film in the history of Yugoslav cinema. The battle of Sutjeska known as `` fifth offensive '' is the hardest, most tragic and largest battle that was taken to Yugoslav supporters in World War II. Chaos, hell, fate, suffering, heroic deaths and the entire Sutjeska tragedy is a poetic form and, at the same time, is tragically described in this phenomenal film. This film was made for the 30th anniversary of the battle is also the most expensive film in the history of Yugoslavero cinema. Nel Maggio of 1943 L'Amblata di Librazione Jugoslava Guidata da Tito Deve will face the fifth offensive of the Trupped Tedesche. The Lotta Si Rivela senza truce per riuscire ad jintersi a varco Nella Cerchia di Ferro e di fuoco del Nemico.
1950 ::: Operation Jericho (2018) ::: war ::: While serving with the U.S. Marine Corps, two Muslim American brothers have been adopted by the CIA and have penetrated the cellist of Afghanistan terrorists. I have a hard time knowing that destroying the whole village to kill a man means innocent life and the loss of true love.
1951 ::: The Waler: Australia's Great War Horse (2015) ::: war ::: More than 190,000 Australian Strallian horses served in the great war of 1914-18. About 30,000 were engaged in the Middle East. Known as 'Valers', she was in the desert sand that her legend was born. They conquered their men on the long way of Damascus, but at the end of the war they did not come home. This is the story of their colonial origin, their bravery service and their embarrassing fate. Great war horses were on an epic journey to the Australia Strelia's outback, the Pyramid of the Egypt, around the wide Indian ocean, Galipoli, and the unforgetting desert sands in the Middle East. After the Galipoli disaster, and threatening the Ottoman Turks Suez Canal, the regiments of the Australian Strallian Light Horse had to carry out a three -year campaign to operate Turks from Sinai and Palestine, by which 'Great Ride' Jordan Valley and Damascus. These epic desert war horses, or horses, veterinarians, ferriers, S D Dds and feed suppliers could not have been carried out without a small army, which were necessary to keep thousands of horses in the field and to keep war. Intense bonds developed between man and horses, and the loss of horse in war was a terrible experience. For the first time, the great war horses go back to the legend of two celebrations of the celebration: Michael Shain and 'Bill the Bustard', and cow Hayden and 'Midnight'. And, finally, it shows why our horses didn't come home.
1952 ::: Krvava bajka (1969) ::: war ::: The memory of the victims of the slaughter in Kragujevak is described through the events related to a group of boys, Shiners Shines. At that time, thousands of workers refused to work for the invaders, and the whole city was exposed to heavy repression and pursuit of innocent citizens and eliminating regular food rations.
1953 ::: Bataan (1943) ::: war ::: Japan has invaded the Philippines and the US Army has attempted a desperate defense. Thirteen men are chosen to blow up a bridge on the Baton Peninsula and to prevent Japanese from rebuilding it.
1954 ::: Dom Zauvijek (2012) ::: war ::: During the Homeland War (1991-1995) Croatia was ruined with an estimate of 20-25% of its economy. Thousands were killed and many more homeless. By the voices of ordinary people, returning home tells a story about the upbringing of a small, invisible Balkan country with enormous natural and human beauty from the ashes of terror; The country is both the physical and mental stains of conflict during the freedom war. It reflects a part of history that, though, can never be changed, molded and affecting pay generation positively.
1955 ::: "Underground" (2009) ::: war ::: Adapted from the famous novel of the writer Shi Zhongshan of the same name, is an acura that founds around the holiday on the hidden front to make a special contribution to the heroes of the masterpiece. On the eve of liberation, our "underground" party Liu Kehao workers successfully at KMT Secret Bureau Shenyang station, with the "land" of army agents, successfully achieved the belief of Xu Yinchu station leader, successfully concluded "Map of Protecting the city "Difficult task for our peaceful military liberation of Shenyang has made extraordinary contributions. After the liberation, Liu Kehao and other "underground" in the "ground" in the work of the Public Security Bureau, to get the secret spies.
1956 ::: Uka i Bjeshkëve të nemura (1968) ::: war ::: Uka is an old Albanian who lives in the mountains on the border of Kosovo and Albania. As an honorable man he has to deal with his son who is friends with Italian fascists during the Second World War. The film shows events in Kosovo during the Second World War, where the son of the Great Wolf of ProKletije Dzahid is misled and the Italians who indicate his partisans, killed brothers .. Movements to bleed his head.
1957 ::: Hurricane: Squadron 303 (2019) ::: war ::: Hurricane (Squadron 303) is the story of a group of brave posts that fought in the air over England in World War II, not only to keep Great -Britain free from the Nazis, but also to keep the idea of ​​their own country alive , that had existed in its modern form barely twenty years before it was crushed among the opposite jaws of Germany and Russia. Equipped with the near-obsolete hurricane and (with some initial restraint) given Raf-Blauwe Uniforms, while they fought, lived Poles. 1940. Great -Britain is only in Europe against the growing spot of the unbridled Nazi -Rijk, the nervous residents wonder what the future has in store. But a handful of people on this besieged island knows all too well what a possible future could have. They have seen Warsaw Burn burning, crumbling poles, capitulating France. Men such as Jan Zumbach, Witold Urbanowicz, Miroslaw Feric and Tolo Lokuciewski, pilots of the Polish Air Force, who know that if the Luftwaffe is not stopped, Poland, Holland and France were just Hitler's Hors d'Oeuvre. So they are ready to fight when they get the planes. The problem is that the British do not trust 'the bloody poles'. And so the pilots, strangers in what indeed seems like a very strange country, will have to fight with different wars at the same time in the course of a few months - with the xenophobia of the authorities and the public, with the language, the unknown hurricane hunters, with the Battle - Harded Luftwaffe. But once they have reluctantly made operational by the RAF, the Polish hunters show what they can do, shoot one from the enemy - their allies score. The once hostile British Fete the Polish flyers such as heroes - Savers, even. But now the Poles have a new enemy - themselves, while nerves and fatigue take a terrible toll from men who are pushed to the limit by constant air wars, fighting to save their own country above a foreign country. Not everyone will make it. Not all friendships will survive. And when it's over, Jan Zumbach will think about a Pyrrhian victory, while Poland is transferred to Stalin's dolls.
1958 ::: Fallen Hero (2009) ::: war ::: Lieutenant Colonel Kevin Shea told his wife that he wanted all his men to come home alive before going to Iraq. After the end of his tour, he volunteered until his replacement arrived to ensure the safety of his men. His decision to stay was a large part of the reason why all of his men seemed home, but it also cost him his life. Falls Hero remembers Lt. Col. Kevin Shea and examines how people in the community give back the heroes who have given so much to defend our freedom.
1959 ::: Pohwasokui shibjaga (1956) ::: war ::: The big lesson was shot dead after his troops when they have been much done by the Chinese forces in the Korean war. He is receiving refuge in peas with the peas with two wounded American soldiers, but is too long to place them long
1960 ::: Bataan (1943) ::: war ::: Japan has just entered the Phillipines and the US Army tries to defend a desperate defense. Thirteen men are selected to chase a bridge on the Bataan Peninsula in the air and prevent the Japanese from being rebuilt.
1961 ::: Russkaya zhertva (2009) ::: war ::: It is the history of the battle for the height 776 on February 29-March 1, 2000. A paratroopers company of the 76 Division of the airport by Pskov was attacked by superior forces of Chechen separatists and foreign mercenaries, trying to avoid envelope.
1962 ::: The Crimson Wing (1915) ::: war ::: The German Army officer, Ludwig von Leoun-Valram's count, meets an actress, an actress, an actress, while at the French border line at a water place. She loves her and reveals her feelings. He rejects her in such a way that he only loves her more. Later, Count meets Marcel de Lambac, daughter of a French general, whom he knew in childhood. He falls deeply in love with her. While he is still courting him, however, the war between Germany and France is broken and he is called back to his command. Marsel is intensified patriotism and moves with his father to the front. When the officer dies, she leads a contingent of soldiers against the German scouting party. He is occupied by count, which safely sends him back to French lines. Paul D'Arbal, a detective, is one of the mlle suits. Clairen, whom she hates. He swear that he will take him to his power. She joined the French Army as a Red Cross Nurse. In the battlefield, he finds the counting injured and nurses him until he almost recover. She then arranges to send her back to her orders. The arblay reveals this and threatens to condemn the count as a detective until he yields for his desires. She agrees to save the count, who promises to meet her aunt's house nearby. He goes there that evening and finds him dead. He has fulfilled his promise, but takes poison instead of presenting it. After the war is over, the count meets Marcel and cheats.
1963 ::: Wunderland (2017) ::: war ::: Christmas 1944, the Gerlands are pushing a final stressing against the unified army attacked in the west. Lt. Robert APP and Secretary of the Second Plain Division of Soldiers have been ordered to keep the vital junction against the German invasion. Capepaa and his men should be identified against their enemy standing as the bulge war ".
1964 ::: The Battle of Trafalgar (1911) ::: war ::: We show Lord Nelson, leaving the American room, where he delivers his famous speech and then presents it with his gun gives details of this wonderful plan for the attack that was carried out on the message in Trafalgar, the inspirations of the captains and their enthusiastic elites. Then we are transferred to the day before the battle when men write their last messages to the house. Here a beautiful effect of scenic landscape and photography is presented as the vision of one lover of the lieutenant. This gives an opportunity to present this famous episode of the message in which Lord Nelson called the post ship for one message, which admires the hearts of everyone who sails at the sea. Then we are transferred to the morning of October 1, twenty -first, eighteen hundred and five, when the enemy fleet is seen. The floors are cleared of work and the colors are raised seriously this occasion before entering the battle. The correct accident is filmed to raise the famous signal, "England, that every man performs his work" in a wonderful way and is implemented with all the details, and we note the compassionate touch in Nelson's life in bid for bids to accept it at that time. We now reach the small human touch in his life and learn the true personality of the man, because, in his last entry into his memoirs before the battle, he makes peace with his maker. And now we have reached that wonderful wonderful image of the true battle of Trojir. We see ships while working, shooting, and ships caught fire, then the camera turns into a close width from the surface of victory where human life is sacrificed by hundreds, the top of the fighting from the beating, a fatal snapshot and the fall of Nelson. Then we see that wonderful character in his death, seriousness, beauty, and broadcasts that are carried out by the Edison players with all her handicapped; Captain Hardy, the last kiss, news of victory and finally his death.
1965 ::: Red Army Heroes (1990) ::: war ::: In 1948, the army in internal enemy staff Zhong Feng (Chen Feng) to participate in the enemy military conference, which the enemy intrigue has not yet opened, its CHUANGJI night section to be surrounded by the enemy , dawn by the underground party Liu Xia Rescue. Zhong Feng leading the car to the bolted traffic station. The spy was continued, Zhong Feng unfortunately shot, jumped into the hilly yellow river ... ... Zhong Feng was saved under the river north of our army, the temporary expenses of the enemy to say to the 'Enemy of abandoning the north to escape recently, and to blow up the bridge of the yellow river. The local government and the military leaders organized a commemorative ceremony for the comrades of Zhongfeng, Zhongmu, Zhongqiang wipe the tears of their relatives, to join the liberation of Zhengzhou in support of the old work. The registered office of the army immediately telegraphed the president of Xibaipo, Mao, the CPC central military commission that time to mature, and immediately made the order to release Zhengzhou. Central Plains Field Army One, three, four, nine columns at Xuegang, Laoya Chen fled the enemy in the North to fight bloody fights, the correspondent Liu Causeway, the commander of the company Hou Yu-Wide Heroic Sacrifice. After 24 hours of fierce combat to defend the second Asian, the first railway bridge in the yellow river in China, wiped out more than 15,000 enemies. Zhengzhou victory on the battle.
1966 ::: ArmA: Armed Assault (2007) ::: war ::: A small contingent of the US Army. UU. It has been sent to Sahrani's Atlantic Island with the purpose of helping to train the local Pro -American Monarchy Army. The southern kingdom of Sahrani, rich in natural resources, has always disagreed with its northern neighbor, the Democratic Republic of Sahrani. However, in recent years, the situation has been established in an uncomfortable but peaceful coexistence. But the Democratic Republic of Sahrani sees the training of southern troops by the United States as a threat. When they find out that US troops have finished their deployment and are in the shipping process, the north prepares to attack while a false sense of security still occupies the minds of their southern neighbors.
1967 ::: Not Another Mistake (1988) ::: war ::: Straker (Richard Norton) a Vietnam veterinarian on his shoulder with a chip because his wife and daughter were killed in a home vasion. He is then recruited to return to Vietnam to save some Pow/Mias, including a commander, Harrison. He found that he had nothing to lose and accept the mission.
1968 ::: Black Friday: Dark Dawn II (2014) ::: war ::: In this code Black Friday: Dial Daml series, see how the naval forces turn the world's most fatal warheads certificates. Look at the SSGT Nichoss and his Elite Team look at the US Marine Corps Campet. Learning to make something to get a position in the most fear and respect military force. Can you live from significantly employed training training?
1969 ::: Wien im Krieg (1916) ::: war ::: The inhabitants of Vienne border the streets to greet the soldiers who go to war. The butcher and widower Franz Xaver Wamperl managed to register in the army, just like his son Ferdl, who becomes a chief of the peloton. Ferdl is a womanizer who at the same time has three engaged in Vienna: Franzi, Resl and Poldi. The three girls remain faithful to him, when he is absent at the front, and all send him passionate love letters. On May 1, Ferdl and his father Franz were back in Vienna in a short leave. They are sitting in an outdoor coffee with another soldier, when suddenly Polydi and Franzi appear at the same time. When the two women discover that Ferdl has a romance with both, they start to cry and quarrely. Ferdl tries to escape, but lands in a fight between Franzi and Resl. Father Franz intervenes as a Savior, catch Resl and moves away with his arm in his arm. Meanwhile, Ferdl sneaks away from the tumult. He jumps into a tram, where he finds Poldi, which he kisses and kisses. At the same time, the deserted Franzi finds a new fiancé in the third soldier at the cafe.
1970 ::: Snaiper 2. Tungus (2012) ::: war ::: World War - Oriental Front: A new batch of raw and inexperienced Soviet elite shooters arrives at the front. To strengthen them, a commander chooses a tungus doctor whose people are known for their hunting skills and their firing from the exercise to lead them to combat. Soon, a ruthless duel with an elite sniper develops. The main character is based on the Soviet elite shooter Semyonov who had 367 striking attacks to his credit.
1971 ::: Param Vir Chakra (1995) ::: war ::: Three friends are located at the National Defense Academy in the love of one girl .. They pass as Indian defense services officers, and one of them becomes an officer in the second army of naval officers and the third as an Air Force officer ... On the birthday of every girl, she wants to propose the girl .. The war was on the border. Promise .. The girl was in love for the marine officer who decided not to harm anyone since the war was fighting the war for the nation .. You did not want to break their hearts .. The war collapses .. The love of the nation is the highest for them all ...
1972 ::: Balami be soo-ye sahel (1986) ::: war ::: At the end of 1981, the Special Forces to Assist the Lord's Revolutionary Guards, but the helicopter of Iraqi, but his efforts for the helicopter and his efforts for the battalion of the room. .
1973 ::: "Zhan Lei" (2013) ::: war ::: GAO DUNG, hiring a rebate, who cannot adapt to the military life, where he is looking at a special skills called Lunchemo FNG. Gao Dwig and Lin Fang is slowly fine friends. In order to ensure the safety and property of living in the border, the army adjust the action of a demining action. Therefore, Go Ding and Lane Fang provides to the mine cleaning for local people, to help increase mines in the area. After the action, they join the demining group for the border appeal, their friends are unlocked from the limit of Hiter's limit and the mining limit on the mine settlement and thus successful work Unlock employee safety of employees expanding the broad pills. While while cleaning demining, LaiFFFFFFFFFFFFFF FFF FFF FFF is living in the knife for children. After the death of Lewal Jing, GAO Ding is inherited his intention and the peace soldier to stop as difficult training and working, who prevents contemporary Chinese soldier with their blood and mouth.
1974 ::: Countering Extremism (2009) ::: war ::: Continue to serve interaction. SGT. Tony Ortga should find the SAF Bank operator by making contacts with local village leader. Serial Order: Part 1 - Hearts and Minds Parts - Tribal Event - Back to Han Fisher 10 - Let's Reaching Shipment 11 - After reviewing the action.
1975 ::: First Flight (2008) ::: war ::: Search days in Siama (Thailand). Luang Luang Luang Yankarn became one of the first Thailands to become a pilot to France. When he returned, Siam became the first country to open an aviation department of Asia, where Thai was able to fight Thai pilots and a pilot to fight World War.
1976 ::: Battle of Mortimers Cross (1987) ::: war ::: This is February 2, 1461, and Edward Mortimer (will soon be King Edward Fourth) led his York strength to win over the invading Lancastria army just weeks after his father and brother were executed. The battle took place on the movable hills of Herfordshire, where Edward's forces collided with a much larger army, but eventually prevailed, making the way to Edward's coronation as a king. This is probably the most famous battle of rose war
1977 ::: 101 (2016) ::: war ::: '101' is in reverence to Abel Gance 'J'accuse's movie!' which is considered one of the most important ants in history. Therefore, '101' has occurred on the basis of a silent structure. The film is about the battle of Tannenberg, which was fought in 1914 in Eastern Prussia. He ended in the victory for the Germans over the Russian armed forces. The German army manager, Paul Von Hindenburg, would go down in history as the 'winner of Tannenberg' because the German command decided to name the battle after the village of Tannenberg, which was located near where the fight really took place. In this way, the Germans were trying to discredit the story of a defeat they had suffered in the first battle of Tannenberg more than 500 years before in 1410. '101' He also worries about today's world, which is shown from the perspective of the perspective of the same protagonists play the historical roles in the film. His views in documentary paintings are immersed in the main plot of the film according to a subjective musical narrative, as is the characteristic of a silent film. '101' It is an artistic vision of today's world in a specific historical context, one that raises the question of whether, 101 years after the outbreak of World War I, does it make sense more to film an additional anti-air film? And if it is even worth it today to revere the movie 'J'accuse!' that has almost sunk forgotten.
1978 ::: Tufan (1997) ::: war ::: After the Iraqi army attack, three old friends working on oil exercises are separated. After several days at sea, they meet with each other again on the island of Khark and bear the responsibility for exporting oil there. But each has its own plans, while the enemy will surely attack this island.
1979 ::: Operation Jericho (2018) ::: war ::: While they serve in the Marine Corps of the United States, two Muslim-American brothers are recruited by the CIA to infiltrate a terrorist cell in Afghanistan; Struggling in the knowledge that destroying the whole village to kill a man will mean the loss of innocent life and true love.
1980 ::: The Crimson Wing (1915) ::: war ::: Count Ludwig von Leun-Walram, a German army officer, meets Marguerite Clairon, an actress while in a place of irrigation at the France border line. She falls in love with her and reveals her feelings. He rejects her in such a loving way that she just loves her more. Later, the count meets with Marcelle De Lembach, the daughter of a French general whom he had known in childhood. He falls deep in love with him. While he is still judging him, however, the war explodes between Germany and France and he has been called back to his command. Marcelle is intensely patriotic and goes to the front with her father. She runs a body of soldiers against a German scouting party when the officer is killed. It is caught by the count, which sends it for sure back to the French lines. Paul D'Arblay, a spy, is one of the angry researchers. Clairon, whom she hates. He swears he will take it to his power. She joins the French army as a Red Cross nurse. On the battlefield she finds the injured Count and nurse her until he is almost healed. She then arranges to send him back to his command. Arblay reveals this and threatens to denounce the count as a spy unless he gives his wishes. She agrees to save the count, promising to meet her in her nearby aunt's house. He goes there that evening and finds him dead. She has kept her promise, but gets poison than to undergo it. The count meets Marcelle after the war is over and they are engaged.
1981 ::: Kraljevski voz (1981) ::: war ::: It is in 1941 and the German occupying forces take over Yugoslavia and take a train ride to Kraljevo a dangerous game for a secret communist agent who has important documents. Both the Germans and the police are looking for him on the train, and his safe arrival in Kraljevo seems to be impossible. His determination to bring the papers to the right people keeps him up to date, even if the train arrives after the train - and asks him to find a way to complete his mission.
1982 ::: Black Friday: Dark Dawn II (2014) ::: war ::: In The Black Friday: Dark Dawn Series, see how the Marine Corps Randa Raw turns into members of the most deadly fighting machine in the world. SSGT Nichols and his elite team followed a exclusive look behind the scenes in the US Marine Camp Camp in the United States. Learn what is needed to gain a position in the most fearful and respectful military power. Can you survive the most difficult recruitment training?
1983 ::: First Flight (2008) ::: war ::: The leading day in Siam (Thailand). Lieutenant Colonel Luang Kaj Yutkan was one of the first Thai soldiers who were sent to France to become a pilot. When he returned, Siam was the first Asian country to open an aviation department, where Thai Pilot was able to become a pilot to fight in the First World War with a commission.
1984 ::: Farewell My Indian Soldier (2016) ::: war ::: This is documentary fiction, the history of Indian soldiers through the eyes of love and human love. During their fodder as French barns, some Indian soldiers and French women develop love for each other and children were born. These Indo-French children have fallen victim to taboo, which is why most people avoid them. This movie is inspired by the story of such a child. In this film, a young girl, a descendant of an unknown Indian soldier and his French hostess, travels across France, Belgium, England and India, and the weaving around him the captivating story of Indian soldiers in World War II.
1985 ::: The Crimson Wing (1915) ::: war ::: The German Army officer, Ludwig von Leoun-Valram's count, meets an actress, an actress, an actress, while at the French border line at a water place. She loves her and reveals her feelings. He rejects her in such a way that he only loves her more. Later, Count meets Marcel de Lambac, daughter of a French general, whom he knew in childhood. He falls deeply in love with her. While he is still courting him, however, the war between Germany and France is broken and he is called back to his command. Marsel is intensified patriotism and moves with his father to the front. When the officer dies, she leads a contingent of soldiers against the German scouting party. He is occupied by count, which safely sends him back to French lines. Paul D'Arbal, a detective, is one of the mlle suits. Clairen, whom she hates. He swear that he will take him to his power. She joined the French Army as a Red Cross Nurse. In the battlefield, he finds the counting injured and nurses him until he almost recover. She then arranges to send her back to her orders. The arblay reveals this and threatens to condemn the count as a detective until he yields for his desires. She agrees to save the count, who promises to meet her aunt's house nearby. He goes there that evening and finds him dead. He has fulfilled his promise, but takes poison instead of presenting it. After the war is over, the count meets Marcel and cheats.
1986 ::: "The Red" (2014) ::: war ::: In 1937 the Japanese imperialists launched a brutal aggression war against China, the Chinese nation started a critical period of vital importance. Xu Day was originally an ordinary small accounting color blind, an accident with a patriot and the Japanese war, he was touched by the patriotic spirit, so he used his sharp spirit to help the patriots to transport important materials. During this period he met Jin and Tielin, they have a complex background and then met the beautiful woman Tian. In the difficult times, the legend of Shanghai, Xu Tian was not only a witness, but will also participate in the important moment of historical change ......
1987 ::: Victory (1913) ::: war ::: The secretary of the navy orders in the United States. Utah goes to the Republic of Antillas to protect American interests during the imminent revolution. Upon their arrival in Caiman, the main sea port, Commander Benson orders Lieutenant Ward to proceed inside the land in Valdiva, the capital, and to appear at the American Embassy in order to keep it advised to the situation . Upon arrival, Lieutenant Ward meets Minister Gordon and his daughter Helen, with whom he immediately fell in love, but finds a rival in the person of the Monte General, the Minister of War of Antillas. He also meets a young inventor who has just finished building a hydroplane. While attending a government balloon, Helen heard the general of the Monte conspired to assassinate President Martinez, then exploded the American battleship to try to take over the reins of the government in his hands. Helen says to Lieutenant Ward of the conspiracy. Before he had the opportunity to thwart these plans, Lieutenant Ward, is wrongly for the murder of President Martinez. Minister Gordon finally obtains the freedom of Lieutenant Ward, but not in time to prevent the departure of the conspirators. They are prevented from sending a wireless warning and Lieutenant Ward decides that their only hope lies in its manufacture of fifty miles in the hydroplane. The moving camera placed in the hydroplane itself then shows an exciting race by air and earth. Lieutenant Ward, at a height of 1,500 feet, makes a daring slide for the battleship and barely reaches there to prevent its destruction by a port mine which throws a water tower with two hundred feet in the air. Commander Benson immediately opened fire to the fort and during this exciting fight. Lieutenant Ward asks permission to drop a bomb of the hydroplane. He does it with fatal results. Barely this finished battle is attacked by the foreign fleet and a spectacular naval battle takes place, which shows that UTAH beating the fleet with the help of hydroplane bombs. The final scenes of this naval battle show foreign vessels of the helpless masses of twisted steel with the real shipwreck at sea of ​​one of these ships. A wireless reached com. Benson of the American embassy reporting that a revolt took place in the city. Com. Benson orders Lieutenant Ward at La Récousse with a marine company. They engage the revolutionaries who are more numerous than the three to one. After a desperate commitment, the navies load the foreign batteries and confuse the enemy. Lieutenant Ward between Valdiva with the victorious minister of the Marines and saves Gordon and Helen. The last scene shows that Lieutenant Ward also succeeded in love as in war, when he wins Helen, after which she is presented to the officers and the crew of Utah, who encourages him to echo.
1988 ::: Siroko je lisce (1981) ::: war ::: The action took place in 1943 and today, and a partisan school in Srem is at the center of the action. A young journalist is appointed to shoot a film report on the participants in the Liberation War of this field. In the village of Srem, she meets simple and simple people. She discovers that a free territory and a partisan school were there. She also discovers that everyone has acted as one. Deply crossing all these events, the young journalist becomes mature, identifying with the participants in the Revolution.
1989 ::: Fallen Hero (2009) ::: war ::: Lieutenant Colonel Kevin Shea told his wife that he wanted all his men to come home before leaving Iraq. After his tour ended, he volunteered to stay until he was replaced to ensure the safety of his men. His decision to stay was a major part of the reason that all his men made him at home, but it also spent his life. Fallen hero Lieutenant Colonel Kevin remembers Shiite and sees how the people in the community have given a lot to save our freedoms to the heroes.
1990 ::: Oseka (1969) ::: war ::: 1941, Serbia, Yugoslavia. A distant village in Serbia in 1941. By the fate of rural residents and the fate of a partisan detachment reflected the horror and the absurdity of the war in Serbia during the Second World War. On the one hand, ordinary people and supporters on the other side of the Germans and the Chetniks. In this hell and despair are born various atrocities and betrayals. The epilogue of the epic film occurs in the city freed from Valjevo in 1944. A huge desire for revenge will lead to a brutal confrontation between two men - two ideological opponents. And they were once friends, neighbors, sponsors. The film takes place during the first offensive '' in 1941 before the fall `` Uzice Republic '' and ended with a large entry of supporters released in Valjevo in 1944. The spectacular final of the film will leave no one indifferent. 1941, Serbia, Yugoslavia. A distant village in Serbia in 1941. By the fate of rural residents and the fate of a partisan detachment reflected the horror and the absurdity of the war in Serbia during the Second World War. On the one hand, ordinary people and supporters on the other side of the Germans and the Chetniks. In this hell and despair are born various atrocities and betrayals. The epilogue of the epic film occurs in the city freed from Valjevo in 1944. A huge desire for revenge will lead to a brutal confrontation between two men - two ideological opponents. And they were once friends, neighbors, sponsors.
1991 ::: The Samson Option (????) ::: war ::: The biochemical attack on the US and Israel leads to the brink of world apocalypse. The first US president Sarah Man, must fight the enemies at home and abroad, at the same time, all of this must be risked, in search for the unique action of a goodwill, which can stop the madness and change the course of history.
1992 ::: Pacific Islands (1992) ::: war ::: Ian Light visits the Pacific Islands of Fiji, Vanuatsu, and the Solomon Islands. He starts traveling in Fiji. There, you are welcomed by the local tribe by the bellows drinking. Mild drugs are often used to guests as a sign of friendship, and are used to seal the alliance, start meeting, and commemorate childbirth, death, and marriage. He also jumps into Astrolor Beleff, which stretches without breaking in 30 km along the east side of a small island north of Kadabu. On Mana Island on Fiji, Ian feeds a local man named API. API comes from a family who believes that he has been training sharks to feed him for the past two years, with the affinity of sharks. From Mana to Banuatu, which Ian flies, the islands have baked a new Hebridies in 1774 by Captain Cook. On Ambury, he meets the chief of the tribe who practiced love and witnessed a traditional ROM dance. Being a spirit of living in costumes. He also visits the hot springs on Cecvi and Tanna, where they climb the huge Yasuru volcano. The most accessible and active volcano in the world. Ian continues to travel to the Solomon Islands. During World War II, the island was used as a battlefield between Americans and Japanese, and thousands of abandoned ships and tanks were scattered in the country and the sea. Ian goes to the guisor, where he jumps into the most intact, Tao Maron. Tao Maron still has a bottle, typewriter, and other daily items that were riding when the ship fell. On Bus Island, Ian is seeing Shell -margin. This conventional currency is still used in solving the price and dispute of the bride.
1993 ::: "Qi jian" (2008) ::: war ::: Heng Yuanhai joins the Marine army with great expectations to make contributions to a strong Chinese maritime power. Lu Huai, head of the navy base, mentions Zheng Yuanhai in an abandoned place to test his resolution. At the start of his training, however, Zheng Yuanhai always conflicts with Chen Jianjun, director of rocket and marine mine division. Ten years later, Chen Jianjun becomes a torpedo hunter -captain and Zheng Yuanhai a frigate captain. In the fight against an unknown invasive submarine, the wisdom of Zheng Yuanhai and the courage of Chen Jianjun come together in building a strong sea defense. However, at the critical moment of campaign for flagship captain, Chen Jianjun's temporary slip results in the escape of the unknown submarine. When he subtracts his army uniform, Chen Jianjun Zheng Yuanhai chooses to realize the great expectations of his generation for him. Zheng Yuanhai, who starts with a university student who is recruited by the Navy, is a flagship captain after he has gone through all hardships and setbacks and eventually leads a fleet to the Blue Sea to write a nice story about loyalty and strength.
1994 ::: Wien im Krieg (1916) ::: war ::: The inhabitants of Vienne border the streets to greet the soldiers who go to war. The butcher and widower Franz Xaver Wamperl managed to register in the army, just like his son Ferdl, who becomes a chief of the peloton. Ferdl is a womanizer who at the same time has three engaged in Vienna: Franzi, Resl and Poldi. The three girls remain faithful to him, when he is absent at the front, and all send him passionate love letters. On May 1, Ferdl and his father Franz were back in Vienna in a short leave. They are sitting in an outdoor coffee with another soldier, when suddenly Polydi and Franzi appear at the same time. When the two women discover that Ferdl has a romance with both, they start to cry and quarrely. Ferdl tries to escape, but lands in a fight between Franzi and Resl. Father Franz intervenes as a Savior, catch Resl and moves away with his arm in his arm. Meanwhile, Ferdl sneaks away from the tumult. He jumps into a tram, where he finds Poldi, which he kisses and kisses. At the same time, the deserted Franzi finds a new fiancé in the third soldier at the cafe.
1995 ::: "Da Jue Ze" (2012) ::: war ::: The summer of 1937, the Japanese launched a comprehensive war of aggression, Peking was surrounded by three sides, is under discussion. Boston University professor Wu Mingtai Patriotic researchers, despite the opposition of yellow orchid lovers, and his aide Shu Lijuan firmly entered a return of return to China. Upon returning to Peking, Wu Mingtai entered Peking University of Peking, for the printing of Japanese militarism "The Great Strategy of Eastern Asian Culture", Liu Jian led personally white, still Wenjing, Chan Zhuang Patriotic researchers overcame Changsa, on The bottom arrived at Kunming, protecting a large number of students.
1996 ::: La lunga notte dei disertori - I 7 di Marsa Matruh (1970) ::: war ::: When Africa Corps German destroys allied lines in North Africa in 1942 during World War II; A group of British soldiers are determined to return to their lines. Taking survivors of allies along the way, their journey is full of danger and the Germans at every turn.
1997 ::: Balami be soo-ye sahel (1986) ::: war ::: At the end of October Catber 1981, when Khoramshahr is at risk of collapse, the Battalion Commander of the revolutionary guards to help the Warriors of Tehran Mortza city, and his way near Iraqi, they should bring Khoharmshahr. .
1998 ::: "Feng lei dong" (2013) ::: war ::: The story is concentrated on the lengers of the great merchant family in Harbin in the 1920s and 1930s. At that time, brutal Japanese soldiers spread the virus in Harbin. Through the most cruel means, they consider the Chinese people as their "test field". Lengers lead people to fight Japanese soldiers. With the mystery of the source of the Lengers, the lings suffer from decay. However, the three sons have a lot of difference in protecting their family and protecting the country. At the same time, they are also trapped with complex emotional confusion.
1999 ::: "Misija majora Atertona" (1986) ::: war ::: Major Atheran's mission is television mini-series in three parts. This true story is designed with two episodes that show the operation Hydra. After the success of the Republic of Uges Republic and the first enemy attack, the British sent their mission and shows the events and duty of the series of three activists of the British Secret Service, SOE led by Major Tear's Athern Yugoslavia came to know if he was fighting against the forces or against each other.
2000 ::: Fireflies at El Mozote (????) ::: war ::: Fireflies at El Mozote is a convincing war drama, a strong social connection, inspired by real events. It lists the well -documented massacre in the village of Al -Name Mozot, Morazan Province, El Salvador, which is the worst atrocities committed by government forces against civilians in the history of modern Latin America. This 10 -year -old survivors follow his endeavor to avenge the death of his family and destroy his village.
