1 ::: "Yarramundi Kids" (2010) ::: family ::: In each episode, the irresistible puppets of Yarramundi Kids Nikita, Danny, Max, Lilli Pilli and Baby Ben join a large number of some of our greatest celebrities, identities and positive models of indigenous people. Jessica Mauboy, Deborah Mailman, Sean Choolburra, Jimmy Little, Casey Donovan, Deborah Cheetham, Chris Sarra, David Page and many more entertain the family.
2 ::: The Fairies Christmas Ballet (2011) ::: family ::: Live recorded in High Definition in Sydney's Beautiful State Theater during the recent national tour of the fairies and converted into a family -friendly film of one hour, The Fairies Christmas Ballet contains new songs, old fairy favorites (including 'Jump Jump Star' and 'The Silly Song' ) and beautiful Christmas songs; A lively script and beautifully choreographed dancing, put against a magical background of thousands of fairy tales that sparkle from a gigantic Christmas tree. Best Fairy Friends Harmony and Rhapsody, and Fairy Princess Minute, will surprise their Fairy fans while they dance on their Tippie -Teenen ("and Pointe"). Add some serious Christmas rocks by Barnaby, Twisting by Elf, Magic by Wizzy and an appearance of Santa with a business goodies and this film will sing, dance and smile in cinema locations throughout Australia. View the Christmas ballet exclusively at the event, Greater Union, Birch Carroll & Coyle and Village Cinemas Victoria from December 1. All tickets only $ 8*. This film is exempt from classification.
3 ::: Firefighter Frank (2005) ::: family ::: Firefighter Frank is said to be in a hand -drawn animated cartoon, Storibook format. The star of the cartoon is Andy, the obvious ination Hto is an eight -year -old child. Andy teacher gives a very important assignment to the class for fire violations at home. Andy does not waste at any time and before you know, everyone in the neighborhood has received the fire mention. Andy looks for help for his fire safety project and spends a magical afternoon at the fire station with his uncle and firefighters. There he meets colorful characters: Hose ' - Hispanic Fire Hose, Stubs - A Kranki New York Fire Hydrant, Stretch - Funny Antics and Spot - Fire Station Number of Things around Seventy Things Andy goes to a lifetime adventure and finds that fire safety is fun!
4 ::: How to Juggle and Other Cheap Tricks (2008) ::: family ::: Everyone knows that learning the juggle makes you rich, famous, emotionally safe and well respected, but did you know that it will also build a mass of mind, make you better looking and improve your personality? In this video, your teacher is Marty Pollio, a performed comedian and a variety artist who appeared as Juggler on multiple NBC Tonight shows, and has juggled in the Punchline movie, with Tom Hanks. Marty was an actor at the popular network sitcoms and performed his act on major TV programs in London and Paris. With pieces of comedy scattered throughout the video, Marty will take you through the learning steps to juggle while breaking the process in detail. It will also solve the problems of your technique by explaining how to cure common problems that beginners often come. Marty also includes 15 different trends and tricks to keep you busy learning for a while. In addition, he also teaches five "cheap tricks" - easy magic tricks (well ... kind of magical tricks) that need a little practice, but they are very fun.
5 ::: Dik Trom (2010) ::: family ::: The teenager DIK Trom likes to grow in a hedonistic city dedicated to food and pleasure. When a chain of restaurants offers his father the opportunity of his life to manage his, the Trom family moves. Their new birthplace Dunhoven is however inhabited by health monsters which only prefer physical form to food sobriety.
6 ::: The Mis-Education of Joy (2016) ::: family ::: Joy Hunter has just graduated in high school and has been accepted in a college with his two best friends. Joy is a Christian and part of his tests in life. That is, a disease that should have been abolished by the age of 15, is now in discount. Joy signs for an ancient history class taught by Professor Jim Bayers. He is an atheist, once a believer and does everything in his power to make students of faith very uncomfortable. Apart from this, Paul Agud (Middle -30s) joining class is. Paul has returned to school after many years to obtain his teaching degree. Paul quickly realizes that professors are not playing with Bayers Rules and do not hesitate to go to the head with him in front of the whole class. Joy has started buying in new teachings and ideas that distribute buyness and soon become a close follower. But Joy's domestic life begins to suffer because he and his parents continue to argue about the college and his professor. Joy's health fails. His pastor and doctors are very worried. Talking with the buyers on the college lawn, Joy is out and is taken to the hospital. She refuses to look at her parents but wants to see the gym buyers. These two unexpected friends will soon see God in a way, which he never expected. Joy's wrong education Paul C of Queens New York. The story is based on the true events seen and experienced through the eyes of Agard.
7 ::: The Dog Who Saved Summer (2015) ::: family ::: The school is for summer ... but not in the banner house! When their beloved dog Zeus (sought after by Mario Lopez) destroys a feast planned by Belinda (Elisa Donovan), grandmother (Mindy Sterling) suggests sending him to the school of obedience. Things start on the wrong paw when Zeus George's owner (Gary Valentine) goes afoul from the senseless teacher of Vernon (Martin Kove) and Zeus manages to fail every lesson. To make matters worse, Vernon's K-9 assistant, Apollo (searched by William Zabka) makes the dog-free class. With Zeus failing to improve, children Bannister Kara and Ben (Francesca Capaldi and Cole Jensen) fear that the pound could be Zeus' next break. Desperate to turn things around, Zeus introduces the help of a consultant, Mr. Lee (James Hong), who shares his unique training methods. Will Zeus's new skills help him win a top dog in the school showcase and foil trio of lowering thieves (Dean Cain, Patrick Muldoon, Joey "Coco" Diaz) determined to make this summer bummer?
8 ::: "Picture Book" (1955) ::: family ::: Vera shows children how to make a paper lantern, busy Lizi and reads a story about 3 desires, playing with some chicks, reads the story about Jack Tar and talks about mustard and cress. The stories are made by all marinate puppets, and taxes are connected by Sausage Dog Marinet for other segments.
9 ::: A Lionel Christmas 2 (2009) ::: family ::: Christmas morning memories captured in a series of incredible locations, including Rockefeller Center, a house where Christmas trains and decorations fill each room, a design around the tree with the Polar Express, Lionel's Christmas design in The NBC Today show, The Christmas shows in Macy's, Grand Central Terminal and Fao Schwarz. Pure vacation veneer.
10 ::: "Barkitecture" (2005) ::: family ::: Baraktitecture gets families that a family to prevent the right tree! Every part is the veins in finding a partner dog, and the family who loves new pet in life. Dr. Karen Tybas and Kenny Calciars and Kenny Alphonu family through the authorization process and helps them for the future of a dog's house. Dr. Kienene uses the experience as a veterinine to give the family instructions that give them instructions for their new friend and teach them the best supplies. Kane to create normal design and stylish, customs snacks that is safe and active.
11 ::: Onnum Onnum Moonnu (2015) ::: family ::: Onam Onam Moonu, set in the backdrop of Alappuzha, depicts the beautiful beauty of Alappuzha and Kuttanadu. 'Onnum Onnum Moonu' cheerfully describes the mindless ups of Alexander who comes to enjoy the beauty of Alappuzha. An autorickshaw driver and a hotel manager tries to cheat Alexander and as a result the events are plotted in 'Onnum Onnum Moonu'. Riaz, who played a remarkable role in 'Flat No 4B', plays the role of Alexander. Amir Niaz, Abhishek, Surya Shankar, Arun, M. 'Onnum Onnum Moonu' is directed by Abhilash SB and the film is written by Fais Umer. Cinematography, Philipoz Thampalli and Santosh Kodnadu are performed by Murali Krishna and Shibu Joseph by red and music by Santosh.
12 ::: "Yarramundi Kids" (2010) ::: family ::: In every episode, the irresistible Yarramundi Kids Puppets Nikita, Danny, Max, Lilli Pilli and Baby Ben are accompanied by a large number of some of our greatest celebrities, identities and positive indigenous role models. Jessica Mauboy, Deborah Mailman, Sean Choolburra, Jimmy Little, Casey Donovan, Deborah Cheetham, Chris Sarra, David Page and much more entertain the family.
13 ::: The BIG Renovation (1997) ::: family ::: See how a house is built from zero. Discover architecture, framing, electricity, plumbing and all the tools you need to build a new house. Find out how the tiles are made and see a real sawmill in action. Even know more about termites.
14 ::: "Art Attack" (1990) ::: family ::: In this series, the artist Neil Boucanan offers various suggestions for children about many elegant art projects that they can create with the daily elements that they can find at home. In addition, Buchaan has locations where it is inspired by a major artistic attack as it arranges ordinary elements to create giant images.
15 ::: The BIG Aircraft Carrier (1995) ::: family ::: Major Aircraft Career: See the huge aircraft carriers are working! Go to the back of the USS Nimitz. See Supersonic Fighter JETS take off and land! Follow the Navy pilot in the mission. Please discover a career mechanism. See the control tower, bridge, kitchen, hanger deck, etc.! Experience what you live in a floating city of almost 6,000 people!
16 ::: "Junk Food Flip" (2014) ::: family ::: In Belgium Waffle in Belgium Waffle comes in Kalani, when to cut the charities and the delicious of mouth
17 ::: "Surprises" (2012) ::: family ::: Situated in a stylized fabrication of the traveling space, William The Wizard and Sparks The Fairy joins their fast space courier friend Digby Dash. Together, the team runs a group of preschool children on an exciting trip, as each new episode reveals a daily surprise.
18 ::: S.E.L.L.A's Kitchen (????) ::: family ::: The Bogie reservation has 15 years old in the famous hip hop, and there has been a talent that has exceeded the fans of its neighbors. Soon he has a harsh race and a ridiculous dang of a riddles, floating figures, floating personality and culture, but anyone has long been known. With their differences, suffering and mutual love, the young city will bring a young town, and the retirees are removed in one's kitchen in the world. S.E.l.l.a kitchen, with a rating PG - Ralph A. 2016 comedy / family drama film based on scenarios written by Selestin (Boston2filly). Family friendly movies (casting) Marley aka s.e.le.l.l.l.a, 15-year-old hip hop junks, as well as food products. In the famous New York, famous cultural icons in New York, where the simplest cultural icons of some history were called hip hops, famous and famous retirement decorations. By transparent talent or more, Cella works in the Choice of Kitchen and corresponds to the position of Chefs in the new restaurant of Manhattan, Nako. The plot and lines, the world's cultural conflicts, live in the "family and shallow, shallow, materialistic and closed opinion" community, restaurant and food community. The core of the film has a wide history, such as core values, hip-hop music, modern racism and melodrama, art film and comedy. "Food is a reflection of art and different cultures. Kitchen - studio, pots and cleansers, hands and results and conclusion. " Kitchen of SEl.l.a, rated kitchen of PG-13 - ralph A. Celtin 'Komedy / Family Drama film based on Celtin written by 2017 (visual director of Boston2fill). Family friendly film Trisha Mondesir Trisha Mondesir as Marley aka s.e.le.l.l.a, 18-year-old hip hop junks, as well as food products. In popularly living in New York, many cultural icons in New York, who lived in New York, invented a famous genre called HIP-hop, attracted the attention of NPO "Arthur Williams". Through a transparent talent or more, Cella works in the Choice of Kitchen and compete for the chefs of the new Haitian restaurant of Manhattan, Naco. Sting-lines interact with the world's cultural conflict in their family and shallow, supposed, materialist and closed opinions. The core of the film covers a wide history, such as elements of the sky, HIP-hop music and Haiti culture, modern racism and melodrama, artistic film and comedy.
19 ::: "Hi-5 House" (2013) ::: family ::: Join your favorite HI-5 friends in the newly Revived New Adventure because they are welcome on their HO-5 home ... and this is the place where dreams can be real! Levie, Steve, Eandy, Daily and Born Search Hi-5 Friends. There are a lot of stories, the funniest animals, ghosy new ways that are healthy and active games) and even some spinners
20 ::: "Stundin okkar" (1966) ::: family ::: STUNDIN OKKAR is the largest and most famous Iceland TV program on TV today. The show has been aired since the late 1980s, featuring some of the largest names in the Iceland media in the show, and have been a different host for many years. The host contains clever characters such as aliens, superheroes, and puppets. The most memorable hosts include Gunni & Felix (1994-1996), ásta & Keli (1997-2001), and Birta and Bardur (2002 and running!). A show known as MORGUNSTUDIN OKKAR.
21 ::: Pro Pinball: Big Race USA (1998) ::: family ::: Big Race USA takes a true pinball table and adds an extra dimension with ten balls at stake simultaneously and high speed movement blur. With huge playing areas, a unique mode in head to head, incredibly detailed high resolution graphics and Dolby surrounding sound.
22 ::: Lefty, the Dingaling Lynx (1971) ::: family ::: Joel is a nature reserve for himself, the guard of a orphaned Wildcat in a few weeks. Many warned to increase their naughty Lynx Cub, but not animal -friendly Joel listens to them. Lefty Guard Dogs, the game also has a big impact and destroys the morals of sled dogs. One day she is fed up with being full of Joel's unfortunate situation and trying to make the young wild lynx to trust laws.
23 ::: "Cine de Gala" (2015) ::: family ::: Our hosts, Roberto Huicochea, had Cardona and consuelo Vega, present classic films from the golden era of Mexican cinema and present them with fun facts and things you didn't know when filming. Cine de Gala presents her films in a new version reset with high definition.
24 ::: "S@ttitude" (2001) ::: family ::: S@Tudedy is an energetic two-hour show from Cork and Dublin (Ireland) bringing entertainment and precise for Saturday mornings. It is aimed at the elderly 10-15 years old, has a direct studio audience and is full of interactions, live texts, great prizes, messy games and quizzes, crazy sketches, presentation challenges and live music .
25 ::: "We Live Next Door" (1983) ::: family ::: In this series, human and puppet citizens in a small town go about their lives when demonstrating various aspects of urban life. These matters include government, law enforcement and basic economics.
26 ::: The 53rd Annual Academy Awards (1981) ::: family ::: The Award for the American Academy of Cinematographic Arts and Sciences, known as "Oscar" since 1940, - the US Film Awards made in 1929 and traditionally assigned cinematographic art data for their contribution to the production of films.
27 ::: The Magic Bookmark (2009) ::: family ::: Seven -year -old Serena gets the gift of her grandfather who has just returned from Japan. One of the gifts is a beautiful golden bookmark. She found out that the bookmark had magical powers ... she makes books alive. Serena is innocent from the battle between the darkness and the light running around her. Because of this conflict, she is moved to Tokyo where she has no idea how or why she is there and she must find a way to go home.
28 ::: In Sickness and in Health (2012) ::: family ::: A married couple who face a potential change in life. Only two weeks before his wedding, faith has not yet said his fiancée to his deepest secret-that he suffers from sickle cell anemia. The timing did not appear to be cleaned about it. His healthy lifestyle seems to control the disease and he commemorates the idea that Norman's love improves him. But with the loss of her mother at the age of 40, she has no illusion about her destructive potential and does not want to put Norman through what her father has endured. Because the wedding stress develops several painful parts of the cell cells, faith responds to Norman's removal, which in turn causes his sister to tell Norman about his illness. Hard and angry, extinguishes the wedding faith, and after a heart to the heart with the father of faith, he questions the responsibility of marrying a partner with a disease, even Norman of his love and commitment to faith. Can this couple overcome their fears and embrace love and move forward with all the sacrifices they need?
29 ::: Soldier of Liberty (2003) ::: family ::: Register with Liberty's young recruitment soldier in the 2nd Virginia Regiment, a soldier's daily life during the American Revolution. He went to war for his first encounter with Nathaneal Hatson with noise, confusion and war horror.
30 ::: Pirate's Code: The Adventures of Mickey Matson (2014) ::: family ::: Mickey and his best friend, Sully protected our country from the wicked plans of Admiral possession of the country. Modern pirates administered a major trading plans to locate a new weapon, which can destroy each electronic devices that can destroy each electronic devices on earth. If it is possible to successfully succeed, it can be the end of the world because we know it.
31 ::: Elementary Prayers (2016) ::: family ::: Based on the book of Sue Hooser, "Butterflies, Buses and a Guardian Angel", this comforting family film follows the history of the young Sue while she becomes a teacher in a small town in New Mexico, and develops a real heart for Help the disorder, mainly poverty, students including custody. With the help of her community, she develops a program entitled "Suspreno", "Super Spiritual Revolution Now, an awareness program to teach children the love that changes the life of Christ.
32 ::: Land and Sea with American History (2009) ::: family ::: Switch to Macter Board with Mac and McPupps! In this second series of Edutainment for children of Tree Learning, Mac along with his friends McPupps take children on a very entertaining and attractive ship through American history with trips to places such as our Capitol nations, Fort Mchenry Historical Park and Monument, Baltimore Harbor, Jamestown's solution in Williamsburg and much more. Mac and his friends McPupps bring fun to teach every child and baby-in heart!
33 ::: "Scout & the Gumboot Kids" (2015) ::: family ::: Scout & the Gumboot Kids is a hybrid live -time -television and television series that inspires pre -school children and their families to examine nature carefully. The series broadcasts mornings on the weekday of children's CBC. Scout is a curious mouse that leads Gumboot children through a series of clues that take them outdoors to resolve the mysteries of nature. The show is designed to be a bridge between the family room and outdoors. Scout & the Gumboot Kids is approved by the David Suzuki Foundation and the Global Media Center for the UCLA Social Impact Social Impact. The series was created by Tara Hunerford and Eric Hogan from two historical productions and includes music by the Juno Award performer, Jesse Farrell.
34 ::: The Mind's Treasure Chest (1989) ::: family ::: The Mind's Treasure Chest represents Patrick Hupal as Jack Patterson, a smart, funny high school student, who has a day to prepare a speech to become the president of the student council. He performs an entertaining, cheerful and often dramatic adventure that will not satisfy the audience.
35 ::: Up on the Wooftop (2015) ::: family ::: Santa's best friend comes to town! When Santa's Dog Toby stays at home in suburban Iowa during a sled test before Christmas, he must convince Anderson's family in his true identity so that they can help him find his way back to the North Pole before Christmas Eve ! Along the way, Toby will have to help children deal with some increasing pain, foil the evil plans of crooked Santa Claus and his supporters of the elves, and most importantly, to help Dad find the true meaning of Christmas.
36 ::: Desenrola (2011) ::: family ::: Priscilla is 16 and even if you think a normal girl, especially when you are repaired to your friends. If her mother goes to work and stays alone at home, he decides that he will come into her square attitude and will finance this idea. Among the many changes it wants to promote in their lives, virginity seems to be a priority, but it will be the right time now is now? Although it decided to invest in more chicken from the class to live their first sexual experience, group work at school and a journey with friends can change their expectations forever because it does not discover that not everything is the same and The truth can be completely different from reality.
37 ::: "Whirligig" (1950) ::: family ::: At the time of the plot, the 11 -year -old villain Alexander Scrope and Captain Kennedy were to steal some tasks in the first series and a model railway engine in the second. Young viewers were invited by Frank Cowen to write the upcoming episodes to write themselves and the winners the chosen winners.
38 ::: A Smile as Big as the Moon (2012) ::: family ::: A huge faith from a special education teacher in the capabilities of his students realizes a dream still a dream for many. Being the first special educational team to attend the NASA's prestigious space camp program, Mike reminds us and separated it with the wonderful power of the human spirit.
39 ::: In the Dog House (2014) ::: family ::: When a divorced mother tries to start dating again, her child and her dog set to vandalize the dates. They are successful until their high school shows the jelly and he is on them and they have a comic fight to go back to their father with the grandeur of their mother's heart.
40 ::: Morita - La hija de Jesus (2008) ::: family ::: The moving story of a six -year -old girl who is motivated after the mysterious loss of her father to learn and come close to Jesus Christ, and get the whole city together with her faith to help her a radio transmission of the Gospels. It is a wonderful journey through time that will change your life forever.
41 ::: "The Romper Room" (1964/I) ::: family ::: Romper Room was a pre -school program created by Bert and Nancy Clater in the US (1953), which they later fired in Australia (1963), Canada (1970), Hong Kong (1965), Italy, Japan (1963 ), New Zealand New (1975), Porto Rico (1971), Taiwan (1972) and the United Kingdom (1964) -East England from England Television. Rosalyn Thompson was the host as Miss Rosalyn from 1964-1976, with Rose Neill as Miss Rose in 1977. Romper Room was a pre-school program created by Bert and Nancy Clater in the US (1953), which they later exclusively exclusively Australia (1963), Canada (1970), Hong Kong (1965), Italy, Japan (1963), New Zealand (1975), Puerto Rico (1971), Taiwan (1972), and the United Kingdom (1964) - East England from England Television. Rosalyn Thompson was the host as Miss Rosalyn from 1964-1976, with Rose Neill as Miss Rose in 1977.
42 ::: Morita - La hija de Jesus (2008) ::: family ::: The moving story of a six -year -old girl who, after the mysterious lost of her father, is motivated to learn and get close to Jesus Christ, and through her faith she lets the entire city come together to help her transfer a radio transfer to the gospels to make. It is a wonderful journey in the time that your life will change forever.
43 ::: The BIG Renovation (1997) ::: family ::: See how a house is built from scratch. Learn about architecture, framing, electricity, plumbing and all the tools needed to build a new house. Discover how the mosaics are made and see a royal sawmill in action. Even learn about Termites.
44 ::: Pals (2016) ::: family ::: Playing, enters and studied and studying together, pals, friends, youngly ... good friends ... have a lot of children's challenges to make kids active doing new sports. From the smile and my jail and their pots, and they use this effort and learn to improve different things. Each program provides life or moral and more fun. The lines are drawn in real life.
45 ::: 30th Annual Mrs. America Pageant (2005) ::: family ::: Smt. America's favorite Ballroom Dancer, actor John O'Hhurle, will dust his tux to host the competition. Helping O'Hurle to receive the backstage dish on all 51 delegates will be apprentice alum and every vie for Crown on the basis of her performance in Representative Interviews, Evening Gowns and Swimwear Competition do. The newly crushed Mrs. America will compete in the upcoming Mrs. World Competition on March 2006, 2006, which will be broadcast at us nationwide.
46 ::: Dude, the Movie (????) ::: family ::: Palpon AZ in the odd mountains, a mom, mother, child, child and family dog, friends, they will not get too early. The car accident is quickly taken to a nearby family while the friends are forced to respect to Arizona betrayal. Reconciled that in the odd and fear, friends should leave their homeland behind the back of his family because he fought his life to loading his life in the desert. The story of a family refused to accept their precious family airport, a household that is missing in their heart in their day for what their heart Search for tolerate in. Their lost, young family member ... Friends.
47 ::: Soldier of Liberty (2003) ::: family ::: Call in the 2nd Virginia Regiment with a young liberty recruitment soldier investigates the daily life of a soldier on the eve of the American Revolution. March with Nathaniel Hutcheson in the battle for his first meeting with the noise, confusion and the horrors of war.
48 ::: I Think I Can Be a Doctor, Rise of the Urbanites (2016) ::: family ::: The film challenged the life of the city's inner city and the lifestyle to meet the teacher of the doctors. This physician teacher takes the stress of urban depression for this child and becomes a doctor. This is an exciting image, which will definitely give insight and encouragement to any young man who is likely to be great, but from the backward environment.
49 ::: Max 2: White House Hero (2017) ::: family ::: Charlie's house assigned while Charlie, Charlie Services Dogs, on Birthday Holiday. He met with TJ, a 12-year-old boy, the son of President. Due to his father's high profile, he tries to fit and the normal life. Russian President and his daughter, Alexanrara, TJ is requested to with her, with their stay while staying. TJ Friends, but when they come in trouble falling, maximum rescue!
50 ::: Ruby's Studio: The Safety Show (2013) ::: family ::: Responding to parents and guardians and guardians of young children, parents and care of the studio "Rubi": the security show allows you to keep themselves safe to provide children with useful and memorable ways. The usual house host invites children to a fun trip, but beautiful animated segments, original songs and children's craft projects can do at home!
51 ::: EcoQuest 1: The Search for Cetus (1991) ::: family ::: Adam Green is a young boy who is dedicated to ecology. Adam and his friend Dolphinet Dolphin continue the underwater adventure to find the big whale and clean the Eluria Kingdom of pollution, while learning many interesting facts about ecology, marine biology and environmental ethics.
52 ::: Teah (2007) ::: family ::: The strange thing starts in Martin's birthday in the ancient forest. Even the friendly chestnut tree looks worried. One or two strangers from the city come to live in Martin's house. Although Martin lonely for a long time, the tea of ​​the new girl will not cause any problems when you cried his world. Because it is not enough, there is another accident: the harmful signs that appear in the trees indicate the nearest highway through the heart of the magical forest. Is the ancient trees cut for a new way? Magical and reality is not separated in the woods. Is there a way to turn to reality and save magic? Martin's most urgent is a real friend. They can fight for the forest to survive. The bigger vision is waiting for Martin on the way to this struggle: the magic was not in the woods, but in the heart.
53 ::: Diagnosis Delicious (2016) ::: family ::: Chef's profession Dave Oberlin (Ryan Rothman) is chasing when his clash with a famous critic of food is being chased. After being blacklisted by elite restaurants, Dave is forced to take a teaching position at his friend's cooking school. When a cardiovascular specialist, Dr. Nina Kirby (Maya Stojan), is preparing for promotion in the local hospital, the Cardiovascular Chief If Dave puts on the board, he informs him for healthy life seminars To train. The only problem is that Nina can't cook and she doesn't want to learn. Nina agrees to take the Dave Class with a few of her best friend and colleague Olivia (Tania Chisholm). When Nina offers Dave's healthy life seminars, she is ignorant of working with her because of the lack of participation in the classroom. Nina and Dave are confronted with some unexpected common ground in her attempt to encourage riding, Nina and Dave.
54 ::: Sync or Swim (2018) ::: family ::: Sophia Snow, 22, is the Poster child for Nouveau Riche Chic with grandparents to climb social stairs to a new city. She knows that the fastest way to popularity is through things that money can buy - the latest technology, the hottest cars and the most trendy clothes. When her father refuses to give her an empty check, she whitewashed from his city center condensing to find herself for the first time. It immediately goes against wheat, out of synchronization with the world around it. The paths she chooses and dive into chaos at every step. Will it be synchronized or swim? Only time will tell ...
55 ::: Up on the Wooftop (2015) ::: family ::: Santa's best friend is coming to the city! When Santa Claus Toby's dog is left in a house in a house in the suburbs during a test of the test, he has to convince the Anderson family of his true identity so that they can help him find his way back to the North Pole for Christmas Eve! Along the way, Toby will have to help the children deal with a number of growing pins, the bad plans of a crooked shopping center Santa and his Elfhencmmen to strengthen, and especially, Dad help discover the true meaning of Christmas.
56 ::: "Whirligig" (1950) ::: family ::: From my memory, as a part of 11 years at the time, part of the plot was for the villains Alexander Scrope and Captain Kennedy steal some works of the first series and a railway model in the second. The young spectators were invited by Frank Coven, the presenter, to write the next episodes and a chosen winner.
57 ::: GoingGreen: Every Home an Eco-Home (2006) ::: family ::: Mixing humor with everyday examples and affordable at home, the cake goes around the original eco-house with a group of college children who discover the first hand of simple and little means expensive to become more suitable for earth. Guided by the eco-pioneer Julia Russell, founding director of the non-profit network, Eco-Home Network, children learn to keep water through drip irrigation, soaking pipes, water systems gray and user -friendly landscaping in California tolerant at drought. They discover why and how to compost, what hazardous household waste can be hidden in their own house, and how to use the energy of the sun to light, heat and power their houses with sun pipes, solar water heaters and solar panels . Children experience the pleasure of making their own organic tomato juice with tomatoes that they picked from the vineyard in the garden of the backyard of Eco-Home. They learn, practical, how to compost and have fun looking at the progress of several serious appearance bugs that Julia describes as a crucial part of the "composting team". Children ask questions and then offer some of the answers! The cake shows us how we can experience lives favorable to the earth with a limited budget, even in the middle of a city.
58 ::: Buck Denver Asks... Why Do We Call It Christmas? (2011) ::: family ::: Teaking the tree? Spokes? Santa Claus? What does each of these associated with Jesus' birth? Than you would think! Veggienales Creator Phil Confrite the RedMad Newsman Bundver Burver Hobbies on the world! You know the Christmas story. But do you know the story of Christmas? Do not miss out education, Christmical Party to stop all Christmas party.
59 ::: The 48th Rose of Tralee (2006) ::: family ::: The Rose of Trlee International Festival is one of the most popular festivals in Ireland. Every August women (roses) with Irish heritage, representing cities in the United States, Australia, Europe, the United Kingdom and Counts in Ireland, for the title of the Queen of the Rose of Trlee Festival.
60 ::: Der Streit um des Esels Schatten (1990) ::: family ::: The democratic philosopher has a toothache, so a dentist from ancient Abder starts for his home. On the road, he enters a fight with a donkey driver. This conflict eventually causes all the abdera to go crazy. Just when the city is seconds away from having a civil war, a democrat's apprentice shows to alleviate the tensions of the city with a gift.
61 ::: Bigfoot Roadtrip (2013/I) ::: family ::: Cliff Barakman is not your average Bigfoot. When Cliff Discovery Network - Animal Planet's hit show 'Finding Bigfoot' is not co -working, you will find it on vacation - looking for Saasquach. Cliff may not have a helicopter or a dozen crew members, but he is the world's largest Bigfoot field researcher and has gear, skills and his unique camera friend, Craig Flipy. Together, Cliff and Craig take us to a real Bigfoot Rotrip Adventure. From the deep forest of Pacific Northwest, Dr. Get ready to create all new discoveries and highlight new evidences on Jeff Meldrum's Idaho State University Bigfoot Laboratory, and on the Bigfoot Adventure of a lifetime. New Cast data, new admirers, and ever seen photos, interviews and real Bigfoot Field Research are all scheduled stops on this Bigfoot RoadTrip.
62 ::: Golden Shoes (2015) ::: family ::: When our nation needs inspiration, what is needed to gather us and hope us? The eight -year -old Christian larvae (played by Christian Kosa) faces the biggest challenge for his life. The promising youth is a dreamy, since he was a young boy, he has wished to become a great footballer as Cristiano Ronaldo. Unlike other young boys, Christian believes in his heart and soul that he can be the best football player in the United States and play for the youth national team. But first, he must overcome the impossible. Golden Shoes Soccer, inspired by kids who find a way to deal with bullying and intolerance through love for exercise. The Christian character is harassed by children and adults, and his friendship with the goalkeeper (played by Aedin Minks from Disney Ants' farm) helps Christian to work at this time. Can a Christian trip to the top of the football world make him a new Cristiano Ronaldo? Does Christian find his way at the end of the way and at a time requires an inspiration for a nation? Golden Shoes football movie is like Rudy Meets bend it like beckham. It is full of emotions and twists and makes all the audience for the child's star who may only inspire us. Golden Shoes Soccer is released in 2013 and is cast in 2013, including Eric Roberts, John Rhys-Davies, David Deluise, Vivica A. Fox, Dina Meyer, Chrisian Koza, Joshua Morrow, Montel Williams and Aedin Minckks. Don't miss this amazing movie and know if Christian larva's dream comes true to become a new Cristiano Ronaldo!
63 ::: Everest E.R. (2006) ::: family ::: Life is hard in M ​​ti Everest. Hard in the soul. Hard on body. Dr. Mukwan Farir claims all the volunteers of the doctors, the drivers and teernches to gather all volunteers to work the greatest position on the world. Her job: Building for well-funded expenses and the inner sherpafees to her free medical attention to make their minor income during climbing season. When America's Air Carbier begins in 24,000 feet in 24,000 feet and the team friendship should be smuggled to Dr. Ferr 4,000 vertical feet. At the time he comes in EverestA Averas R.This, he literally literally on his own blood. This film followed Furea, MD was the center camp camp montana and the founder from the center camp. Her treatment extracts extraction and emergency teeth and emergency teeth and emergency dental and an emergency to death who handles high-high-grade nerve irregular casual. If she dies dead, doctor is up to the doctor filler and chamolguma - "Earth's mother:" MT.
64 ::: Positively Ozitively (2013) ::: family ::: In this innovative series of problem solving, Dot, Dorothy's daughter, goes to Oz every day with the children of beloved characters from the classic book by L. Frank Baum, The Wizard of Oz. In each episode, the yellow brick road leads to a new magical location where it solves problems alongside her Oz friends.
65 ::: "Mathmakers" (1978) ::: family ::: In this show, we see the comic experiences of a television program crew while struggling to produce a TV program that explains the various concepts of mathematics. While they face many complications, they accomplish the task through entertaining lessons about arithmetic and engineering through comedy, songs and cartoons, especially with the adventures of the resident heroic heroes, plastic man.
66 ::: Dog-On Television (2004) ::: family ::: 60 minutes of non -stop operation, dogs bark, play and take the ball. Everyone is fired from the dog's point of view and is constantly ringing from the time of leaving until you come home. Quite simple, this is a companion for your best friend while you're away!
67 ::: "Inspiring Actors" (2016) ::: family ::: JENNN GOTZON has shared more than 20 years of experience in the craftsmanship of marketing secrets, and she has learned as an actor and grew up. Getzon creates a professional -like industry topic, gains a position on the remaining crowds, gains attention to work, and sets the actor in step while setting for success as an industry insider. Take steps in step. Ken Ility, the food of the servant, and the unconditional love. Gotzon uses the Bible ethics and prayer exercises to inspire actors and find peace and relaxation in a safe way.
68 ::: Strawberry Summer (2012) ::: family ::: High School Music Teacher Bat Landdon puts himself in line when he brought the world-known senior singer to the villagers town. A wonderful and behavior with an attractive rede for the destination show is nothing that mom, first for this dear festival has hostile for her good friend Ruth. Beth, as to adjust as Strabrii Queen, Trying for Her Best Singer, but when he is exposed to the front of Jason, it will appear that it will not be easy. But behind Jason Rock Star Photo, he is hidden about the past that can change his tanking carrier. With his manager radi, bait satisfy Gigig is a great way to rehabilitate his profession and win for audience is a great way. As Jesan spends more time with bait, his behavior begins in the fair as it encourages their deep dreams as a losing music.
69 ::: "Stundin okkar" (1966) ::: family ::: Sundin Okkar is the largest and best known Icelandic television show on television today. The show has been broadcast since the late 1980s and presented some of the biggest names in the Icelandic media on the show and had different hosts over the years. Some of the hosts include smart characters such as extraterrestrials, superheroes and puppets. The most memorable hosts include Gunni & Felix (1994-1996), ásta & Keli (1997-2001) and Birta and Bardur (2002 and running!) Who have been with the show for a long time and have also started a new spin-off- Off Show known as Morgunstudin Okkar.
70 ::: Pirate's Code: The Adventures of Mickey Matson (2014) ::: family ::: Mickey and his best friend, Sully protected our country from the wicked plans of Admiral possession of the country. Modern pirates administered a major trading plans to locate a new weapon, which can destroy each electronic devices that can destroy each electronic devices on earth. If it is possible to successfully succeed, it can be the end of the world because we know it.
71 ::: Super Buddies (2013) ::: family ::: Watch Fur Fly as a new kiss of superheroes born in an epic adventure full of fun. A normal day in Fernfield Farms turns unusual when Budderbal, Mudbud, B-Dawg, Buddha and Rosebud are mysterious rings that give them every unique unique power. Before you can say, Deg; Friends, assembly; The puppies release their amazing capabilities and the race to the rescue when the variable threatens the outer space on the planet.
72 ::: 30th Annual Mrs. America Pageant (2005) ::: family ::: Mrs. America Inc. And Women's Entertainment Television celebrates the US of 65 million married women by demonstrating the 30th annual Mrs. America competition from the Beautiful Palm Springs in California. American's favorite ballroom dancer, actor John O Hurley, dusts his tucks to host competition. The newly crowned Mrs. US will participate in the upcoming Mrs. World Competition in the upcoming Mrs. World Competition in the upcoming Mrs. World Competition, which will help Ohurley get backstage recipe for all 51 representatives.
73 ::: The Legend of the Mountain Man (2008) ::: family ::: The Legend of the Mountain Man is a family-friendly story that enjoys audiences of all ages in the American sign language. The Legend of the Mountain Man, set up in the lovely Montana, has a five distinctive and dysfunctional family. The father, who has disagreed with his parents for many years, decides to send his three children to his parents' ranch in the summer. Children face a creature in a way that does not unexpected, which has never been seen or recorded in history books. The audience comes on a heartfelt journey while navigating the family past with the children and trying to reconsider the separated family.
74 ::: The BIG Renovation (1997) ::: family ::: See how a house is built from the ground. Learn about architecture, framing, electricity, plumbing, and all equipment that takes to build a new house. Discover how the tiles are made and see a real rhirs in action. Even learn about termites.
75 ::: The World Famous Kid Detective (2014) ::: family ::: He is a children named Stanley, a detective agency of the world-famous children. He must hang up his pespi little sister, Nina's young sister and his peski little sister and his Arka Nemis, and the wicked social worker Clorisa Hodge should stop spreading at his intermediate house.
76 ::: O Snehurce (1972) ::: family ::: Katoka, a sixth grader, is a snow -like white princess in the mathematics class and is released to a very similar prince to the 8th grade DZERY. Katoka, her girlfriend lotus and Martina, and her fellow dog Franta, Joska and freckles, spent five years. Their Kind Teacher, Sumetasek, really understood their games and fantasy, but did not teach much about arithmetic. They are now laughing for their ignorance by their new teachers, a new teacher in a small town. As he is every year, Sumetasek is preparing for theaters with local children. Katoka proposes a fairy tale about Snow White.
77 ::: Barney's Super Singing Circus (2000) ::: family ::: Burny's Super Dupla Singing Circus has arrived! And it has everything you want to see: marching band, calf full stupid clown, empty flying squirrels, bouncing pony, lion Tamer, mouth HIST Wainer dog, Ring master Barney Strong man who can lift high on your head.
78 ::: Switching Lanes (????) ::: family ::: A small southern town is still the standard of racism we do not say. This is the reality of the Summerston in Georgia, the two teenage girls, without doubt, until they go out to change that reality. Kaniha and Sara, everyone will try to change the long and unpredictable regime of a different race, summerston citizens "unique but equivalent" lifestyle! Adding fuel to the fires is a 15 -year -old secret shared by their mothers and former mayor of Summerston. Once the secret is revealed, it tests the whole town and tolerance of Kanasha and Sara's friendship.
79 ::: "The Neighborhood Kiddos" (2017) ::: family ::: The school is out, and the summer competition is in the air. The Cement Package is retired by a few sisters, neighboring children. While facing gender differences and sebing competition, they challenge each other with any other opportunity during summer days ending days. The boys of the neighborhood boys are cut for them, while the neighborhood girl group is for every challenge to bring the boys to the plate.
80 ::: Lots & Lots of Toy Trains Vol. 1: Big Trains & Little Trains! (2003) ::: family ::: Includes the largest assortment of toys and model railways ever recorded in fun music and songs of music, James Kofi. Children from 3 to 93 will love to watch this video over and over again. Includes Christmas, Halloween, small brick trains, large garden railways, railway cars that count the song and more. The bonus function includes exciting real live trains in action.
81 ::: Barney's Super Singing Circus (2000) ::: family ::: Barney's Super-Dee-Duper Singing Circus has arrived! And it has everything that children want to see: a marching band, a carefully crazy clowns, a flying squirrel on a trapeze, prancing ponies, a lion's carpenter, whistling Wiener-Dogs, a strong man who can lift Ringmeester Barney high over his head and more .
82 ::: "Selmas saga" (2016) ::: family ::: Salma learns that her family will be expelled from her home. Sadness is running for winter night. It takes protection against the snowstorm in a huge building that proves to be the Academy of Science. There, Ephraim von Tribaat shows his latest studies. Trippelhatt discovered that Santa Claus is not just a legendary, but real object.
83 ::: Headphonics (2010) ::: family ::: This short video is made around many short loops of the home video that is cross-fed and operated by various voice respondent luminosity keys and chrizers. A zone out film. Reflection on my son's growth. This is the fourth of a series of annual videos made with my son. This video was made at the experimental video center of Ovego, New York.
84 ::: "Crunch Time" (2016/II) ::: family ::: Crunch Time is a spicy lifestyle program for preteens. The program is a roaring entertainment program full of fun that explodes on its screen as you discover many great things about food, games, sports, active and basically lives it. In each episode, the hosts of the time of creaks know two incredible young guests of our audience. They always have a special talent to show off.
85 ::: American Black Beauty (2005) ::: family ::: Cheryl Birock is 16, rich and fresh orphans. No house and no one cares for her but the major trust fund and the prosecutor's smile sent to live with the lane family. The Team Lane and his daughter lives widely with three horses in law and palm. They love to love in their small agricultural society, and treats people around her. Even help other farmers around him to give the farmers to farmers to the farmers right for some of his crops. The only problem is, and the time is short in budgets, and the most neighbors are too early to lose his home if he lost in his home if he The bank pays $ 25,000 bank. Cheryl is learning that he needs money and do what he could help her new family. At the same time, Cheryl is a strong relationship with her fear and typical horses; Black beauty.
86 ::: "The Teen Files" (1998) ::: family ::: The teenagers are challenged to abuse of life from violence when they learn the potential results of their actions. This Seven Parts, Selecting Amma Prize's Series You have never seen before.
87 ::: The Incredible Adventures of Professor Branestawm (2014) ::: family ::: Connie signature wants to learn science, not expulsion and takes her chance when she gets a broken hour in the Professor of the Ecentric Inventor, Branestawm, who offers to teach her. However, the Snide adviser, Haggerstone wants to overthrow Branestawm's house and replace it with the giant ammunition factory of Mr. Bulimore. Townsfolk are against the idea until the professor's tea car has causing chaos at a council meeting and it is forbidden to invent anything until his inventor's permit is found. Evil Bulimore tries to steal permit and burn city municipality by blaming Branestawm but the tea making machine proves to be a great firefighter and Branestawm is declared a hero
88 ::: "Sherlock Holmes" (2014) ::: family ::: Sir Arthur Konon Doyle's beloved characters come to life! In this entertaining Japanese series, Sherlock Holmes (Voice of Kuchi Yamadera), a boarding school in London, has always been in power and power. John H. Watson (Vatar Takagi voice) is transferred to school and one of the houses of the school at the Baker House, roommates with Homes in 221B.
89 ::: Wadimbisa (1960) ::: family ::: A young graduate from a technical college and creates yourself in the village of your palenie village. When he finds the impossible to make money there, where terrorism gives him healthy to lead your business as a cabinet. His terrorism with his ability to think of his ability, he should think on the point of view and remain in touch with the reality. He should create a servable, improved products such as furniture and no it does not receive artistic nails to produce artistic nails that will never take. Time and care, recommendation and maintenance is very important. Once the young man has achieved financial stability through his business practice, he struggles with a western leader with the Western leader.
90 ::: Wonder Girls (2012) ::: family ::: Wonder Girls have arrived, and they are getting New York City from the storm! The girls arrive in New York City to prepare for their tour at US, but because of their entertainment, mischievous personalities, they enter the Apollo amateur competition themselves under the scene, "Asian occupation". Their amazing performance wins them a place in the finals, but also arouses trouble with the champions of the reign ... school schools. Join Yenny, Yubin, Sun, Sohee and Lim on this ridiculous journey as they sail their way through friendships, rivals, loyalty and oppression to prove they have what they need to do it in the big city.
91 ::: Kings Island 20th Anniversary Special (1994) ::: family ::: The 20 -year -old special from Kings Island with Jason Priestley was shot on site with a fifty -five person -crew and over 450 extras. A look at the history of the park. Drive with you while Jason and the gang take you on five of the country's top roller coasters and get a view of many of the park's best attractions.
92 ::: The End of the World Man (1986) ::: family ::: Sometimes the adversity finds the local community to call 'where the city is called the pressures of the city, they decided to stay attack - but on their own way.
93 ::: The 28th Annual Academy Awards (1956) ::: family ::: The American Academy of Cinematographic Art is an American film valleys founded in 1929 and traditionally transferred to cinematographic figures to cinematographic artists. The award ceremony will be held annually in Los Angeles, Dolby and will be broadcast live in ten countries around the world.
94 ::: Khushiyaan (2011) ::: family ::: Raj is successful and pursuing his wife Jui (a Hunter's head with his son Nehehi. Yet, self-anxiety, that he will return to his small town with his grandfather. Will he be peaceable? What Travel Will It Always pass? What will he see, or the whole family?
95 ::: The Fairies Christmas Ballet (2011) ::: family ::: Live recorded in high resolution at the magnificent Sydney State Theater during the Fairy National Tour and is transformed into a one -hour family movie, the Fairies Christmas Ballet has new songs, old favorite fairies (including Jump Jump Star and The Silly Fairy farie song ') and magnificent Christmas Christmas; A lively scenario and beautiful choreographed dances, placed on a magical background of thousands of fabulous lights sparkling by a giant Christmas tree. The best fairy -tale friends harmony and Rhapsody and the fabulous princess will delight their fans of fairy tales as they dance on their toes ("En Pointe"). Add a little serious Christmas swing from Barnaby, twist of elf, Wizie magic and the appearance of Santa, wearing a bag of extras and this movie will have children singing, dancing and smiling in cinema places in the whole of Australia. Check out the Fairies Christmas Ballet exclusively at an event, Greater Union, Birch Carroll & Coyle and Village Cinemas Victoria on December 1st. All tickets only $ 8*. This movie is released from classification.
96 ::: "Seriously Funny Kids" (2011) ::: family ::: Host Heidi Clum threw a tantrum of anger when SFK tells him at the age of 8.
97 ::: Hacksaw (1971) ::: family ::: A girl goes to the mountains on vacation where she gets a wild horse named hexo. With a little, she occupies the studs and does not take long as long as she helped her to start a wagon racing, as hexo refused to keep a man or woman on his back.
98 ::: 1993 Essence Awards (1993) ::: family ::: Prior to Johar Award, State Department. Africa Africa - American women. The marty is published in these years. Is the largest event of the Johar Award that celebrate Africa-American culture and music in the United States. In Louisiana, the Awards show is locally referred to as the Essence Fest, and the Awards show has been held in New Orleans, Louisiana every year since 1995 except for 2006, when it was held in Houston, Texas due to Hurricane Katrina. This characteristic artists are only performing in one main phase and four standing room, which of the suppore.
99 ::: A Letter for Joe (2013) ::: family ::: Denny Roberts and his college-age friend Denny's younger brothers who do some jealousy, who imagine them all. The older youth considered the youth as a nuisance and spent most of their time in an attempt to avoid him during the summer holidays in their small hometown, Florida. With just a few weeks before returning to college, Denny hit an idea that he would feel that the young would take the insect out once and from his hair for all. Older boys produce a fake letter of introduction that creates a fictional friendship between the famous billionaire businessman Howard Hughes and the letter signator. Those who give letters to those and encourage him to go on what they believe will be a wide mischief. Innocent who is grateful to the opportunity and spends all his summer job earnings on an airplane ticket to travel from Florida to Nevada to give a chance to meet Hughes in his Las Vegas Penthouse Hidway. Funny letters and armed with God's promises work together for good, which, in fact, is capable of meeting the richest man in America and attacking a friendship. As is rich, the fate of big boys goes in the opposite direction. They lose the track of the youth, while they focus on their existence. In his mind, they wonder whether God is punishing him for the deception of young Roberts? Never learn about Joa's success in meeting Hughes, they also fear that when who finally returns home, he will retaliate to stop in detail. The depth of God's forgiveness is put by all young men, for testing for many different reasons. What started as a joke becomes fatal serious and is determined that true forgiveness is no joke. The set in 1970 includes Miss Genna Bergoff and Jeff Wise as newcomer Ivan Schwalb and Howard Hughes. Set in Las Vegas and Florida in the 1970s, "A. Letter for Joe" is a modern retail of Joseph's Bible story and the power of forgiveness. Seventeen -year -old Roberts (Ivan Shwalab) is given a prank letter by his elder brother and his friends, chasing Las Vegas a wild swan, a fake billionaire Howard Hughes (Jeff Wise "Lot" Sends for a fake meeting.). Only Funny letters and armed with God's promises that work together for all things good, in fact, is able to meet the richest man in America when she is the gatekeeper, secretary couple (Gina Bergoff, " Passes through "behind"). , He eventually befriends the richest man in America and as is rich, the fate of big boys goes in the opposite direction. They are afraid that when the one finally returns home, he will retaliate to stop in detail. The depth of God's forgiveness is done for testing for all young men, for many different reasons. What started as a joke becomes fatally serious while they all learn that true forgiveness is no joke.
100 ::: Tea Cakes or Cannoli (2000) ::: family ::: Life through the eyes of a 16 -year -old boy who grew up on the north side of Boston. Francine Peregllyno, who clarifies the importance of love, family, and neighborhood, captures the richness of Boston Italy's heritage.
101 ::: "Get Fresh" (1986) ::: family ::: Get Fresh was a baby television show on Saturday morning in the UK. Located on a spaceship called Millennium Dustb every week, the hosts would travel to different cities across the country and talk to interesting people, show cartoons and have races. A foreign doll joined the crew who had less than the desirable behavior expressed by Phil Cornwell, always had the mucus dripping.fr from his noses.
102 ::: Crowning Jules (2017) ::: family ::: Jules is a 17 -year -old brilliant and shameless young woman who desperately wants to leave behind the students of her family students in the west media, but to get to her Harvard's admission interview, Jules, she is forced to take a walk with her sister Twin/ Nemesis, Madison, who goes to a beauty contest. His road trip takes a turn when teenage sisters involuntarily enter possession of a stolen jewel and are persecuted by dangerous thieves.
103 ::: What About the Children (2011) ::: family ::: The story of the neglect and their parents face the part of love, love,. A teenagers find themselves and / or unnecessarily by their parents, disgusting, or careless that affects the environment, education in their lives .
104 ::: That One Summer (2005) ::: family ::: The OTIS booder was in his fifty-fifty when he went to his wife and children. After 30 years later, the story about a small question after the other year, OTEIS THROUGHTS about a particular summer when the warm is fighting his broken point. A wise flashback shows that their own young son and his own young son of mic and his friend and his friend's indentation wants to spend some summer movies. In the end, the importance of being involved, helps children create a particular film based on the original American legend. • Help some of the unusual characters of colorful characters, a person who has loads as a animal, real American story seller, and many others. They all help you guys with boys, and on the way, the true meaning of friendship.
105 ::: Welk liedje zal ik zingen? (1973) ::: family ::: A 50-minute TV show in which Mies Bouwman welcomes Sinterklaas. She also sings some songs along with the director, the head of fire, naughty boy Bennie and the Choir 'De Schelelen' led by Paula van Alphen. Combo led by Harry Bannink accompanies the songs.
106 ::: Son of Santa (????) ::: family ::: Through a chain of events, Kristopher Kringle Jr. of two years ends in a family room in Utah. Ultimately, he is raised by that family, without knowing his true identity, and with supernatural skills that are strengthened as he ages. Add to which, when Kristopher uses his skills, Santa Claus is often a victim of the result. Does your child's constant search produce results, or Kristopher learns his true identity and finds his own way home?
107 ::: Summer with the Ghosts (2003) ::: family ::: A young girl and her new friend are investigating a series of supernatural events in the Austrian children's film Summer with ghosts. Caroline leaves for her house in Montreal to join her father a famous director on the set of her latest film in Austria. When she arrives, she learns a series of accidents and problems on filming with everyone in disagreement to explain how they occurred. Suspected that someone means sabotage the film, she is starting to investigate the old castle used as a set. With her new friend Jakob, she discovers that the difficulties of the film can actually have a supernatural cause.
108 ::: Mother Goose Parade (2007) ::: family ::: Mother Goose Parade's annual 61 years in the city of El Cajon County of San Diego, had wonderful visual effects from Fly Over, to Confetti canons, for beautiful floats of a beautiful award, colorful balls, Royal equestrian teams and fun marches bands. Themed "California Dreaming" with the adolescent "musical" of Corbin Bleu's secondary school as Grand Marshal, and hero "chips" Erik Estrada as the Honorary Grand Marshal, the parade was hosted for more than 30 key celebrities of movies and television and 1/2 million visitors!
109 ::: What's in the Bible? Vol 7: Exile and Return (2012) ::: family ::: Episode 1: "Ezra & Nehemiah" The exile is over, but the Israelites face major challenges at home in Judah! The Israelites return to Judah to rebuild God's temple - a task full of unexpected challenges. Episode 2: "Brave Queen Esther" A brave young Jewish girl risks everything to save her people from falling through the bad Haman.
110 ::: Holiday Plans (2013) ::: family ::: Holiday plans introduce the "gang of the hut in a comedy on what is happening when Jordan, an informed eight -year -old child, fearing that his parents would not have obtained what he wants for Christmas, encourages his friends to Take the holidays in hand.
111 ::: Christmas Miracle (2012) ::: family ::: It's on the next day of Christmas, and snowfall is blowing through a small city summit scenario. Roads are virtually empty, except for a group of vehicles that are stuck on a far -flung road outside the city. Seven people involved decide to take shelter in the nearest abandoned church. They are seven: James, a former priest who is running away from his life and his business after the death of his wife and child; Daryle, an EMT that dreams of becoming a Doctor's Cutter, but who believes that the dream will never be fulfilled because of its dyslexia; Rich married couple Drake and Madelein, whose marriage and their problems are focused on money; The couple Nick and Christie, who think they have been arguing more and more since their marriage three days ago; And the only local among the mob, which is different from his wife Mary, mostly because of their different views on how to manage their family, especially in dealing with their autistic son Matt. Eventually he joined the eighth, Mary, who comes to give some food and blankets to the trapped seven, but whose SUV is also stuck by the church. As eight interacts with each other, they feel that true Christmas spirit comes to the surface that helps everyone in their own life problems, especially when they work towards a general goal to help Mary and Ja .
112 ::: "Uvek sa vama" (1984) ::: family ::: Famous TV series Petkom U 22 The creative team decided to start the first regularly planned family format on the TV network in Belgrade. This was a concept based on the mix of well -tested program: comedy, music, segments of international and international art and culture, invited stars and participants in the basic studio environment, organized by three great comedians of Serbian actors.
113 ::: Prom Dress (????) ::: family ::: These clothes playing young rinter Robin Robin and his deepest office is not visible; It's great for the promise. What thief is that the clothing has something that will make other unexpected girls hurt them so that they don't forget. According to the newspaper by Lael Litke.
114 ::: "Cassandra" (2017) ::: family ::: Cassandra is an average teenager with a soldier father, a harassed mom, a little brother and a best gay friend who has a crush for Captain Hook. Cassie is also Catholic and has his priest among her closest allies. But something has changed. Something really, really big. Cassandra can see gods.
115 ::: Sophia (????/II) ::: family ::: What happens if the Greek goddess gave all their knowledge and power to a 13 -year -old girl? He would be a rock star and seized the world! With a young singer/actress, Eden Elisium and a veteran actress Puerto Rico, Lilian Horst. This is a positive comedy and comedy that inspires and entertains.
116 ::: My Jewish Auntie (2016) ::: family ::: Harry has grown in a confidence that he has been adopted and has no brothers. It can call from a man who believes he is his brother until his 35th birthday. Harry did not have more interested in interest, Harry agrees to meet with a man. Harry's brother - Hebrew and Harry's Harry shows that he has never a Jewish family. Harry is fighting for his newly found personality, he is also in love with preed to prejudy and loving girl who meets with work. They have a spark of the first time they meet; The only problem of Pru is the only problem of Pru, because there is a hug, hugs and a very successful businessman, but he does not know anything to get what he wanted. Simon's money, power and a girl. Harry's sole asset is a good heart. In fate, they share a lot as they can throw together with Harry and Pru, some of which can serve them so that they can not bring them closer together.
117 ::: Maahir (1996) ::: family ::: Camini Ray is arrested by police for drug trafficking and is subsequently sentenced to several years in prison. During this time, he gives birth to a baby boy who is transferred to an orphanage by a police inspector. Upon completion of his sentence, Kamini learns that he was built by his wife, Ammar Ray. So with the help of J.K, the victim of the RAI family, he starts against them. Camini (Homa Malini) is an educated, beautiful and intelligent girl. He falls in love with Ammar Ray (Alvonat) and both marry in a simple temple. Ammar has to go to his family and prepare them for Kamini. Camini will soon be asked to come by plane to meet the RAI family. At the airport, Camini is stopped and searched by the police, who know that he has drugs. He has been arrested, blamed and sentenced to prison for a long time. He gives birth to a boy named Shankar. A kind police inspector (Khan Khan) takes Shankar to an orphan, but is unable to endure cruelty and hunger in the orphan, Shankar escapes and leaves the police inspector to give Kamini bad news. When it was released from jail, Kamini with J.K. Calls. (Raj Babar), who tells Kamini that he is the victim of the RAI family, and Bob (Rangit). J.K. He asks him to work with him to extract revenge. Now Camini has to choose, to seek his son or join the forces with J.K. And take revenge on his humiliation.
118 ::: "Picture Book" (1955) ::: family ::: Vera Kids show how to make a paper launcher, a story about the budague and her 3 wishes, talk about Jack Tar and stress. Stories are all acted by Martin Puppets, and Viria includes by a dog martite for other parts.
119 ::: "Junk Food Flip" (2014) ::: family ::: In Belgium Waffle in Belgium Waffle comes in Kalani, when to cut the charities and the delicious of mouth
120 ::: The Dragon of Pendragon Castle (1953) ::: family ::: Sir William Magnos lives in an old castle with his daughter and grandchildren, Peter Jazi. Few visitors call and when there are guests who do not stay long, they freeze the cold as is the case. One day, accompanied by their teammate Bobby, my nephew discovers the only castle, Peter is a sick child - the dragon. Away from a horror, the three children immediately understand that the little monster will be their savior.
121 ::: "Cooking with a K" (2016) ::: family ::: "Cooking with K" has a chef of Kennedy, a young chef with amazing enthusiasm to create cunning and delicious behaviors. Chef Kennedy uses top -notch and higher -grade cooking skills to teach a lot of courses in science, math, language, art and reading!
122 ::: Styrmand Karlsen (1958) ::: family ::: Knud Carlsen's first half just got sad news from her girlfriend. On board the ship is also chef Valdemar, sailor Ole, a confident son of owner Robert and a whole bunch of eager sailors. On board develops the drama every minute, the culmination of the film's culmination when a fire broke out on board on board
123 ::: "La Vetrina Del Successo" (1986) ::: family ::: The series consist of 13 shows of 24 minutes. each one. Shows weekly on your local TV and cable. The purpose of the series is to acquaint the most successful people of the Italian community with spectators with several industrial fields. After the emigration from Italy to Canada, Bruno had interviewed the Canadians, spreads, sports champions, artists and others, who have achieved great success in their careers.
124 ::: My Lucky Regret (????) ::: family ::: Based on the true story, the first mandriffs to win the Kentucky Derby. Regret was considered a mistake of the night that she was born. Her owners thought they needed a stallion to get them in the circle of the winner, but with the help of her loyal dog companion, Lucky, regret her name and becomes a legendary champion. Regret was the first mandrow that won the Kentucky Derby. Her owners thought they needed a stallion to get them in the circle of the winner, but with the help of her loyal dog companion, Lucky, regret her name and becomes a legendary champion.
125 ::: Family Katta (2016) ::: family ::: "Katta Family" is the story of a splintered family, at whose head are Bhai and Malati, a couple celebrating the anniversary of their golden jubilee wedding. Their children and grandchildren are in different cities and over time the family has lost contact due to unresolved issues from the past. However, grandchildren i.e. Both young cousins ​​are still close. It is the intention of Malati to unite the whole family for the celebration of the anniversary so that they can bury their differences and forgive each other and come close again. She is also intended to be an opportunity for Bhai patriarch to forgive their daughter a manium who had been eloped on her college days. Things, however do not go as planned and the dream of milads that the family sees like the old day is greatly tested to the limit. The film sends a positive message about families who get together and love each other despite the burden of the past and the demands of a changing world.
126 ::: "Peppy Pals" (2017) ::: family ::: In a total of 16 short episodes, children will get fun adventures with sexual animal friends: Reggy The Dog, Sammy The Horse, Kelly The Cat, Gabby The Rabbit and Izzy The Owl. Friends end up in the situations in which they face various challenges such as resolving conflicts, managing tension, fear and exclusion - they all focus on teaching children social and emotional intelligence in an enjoyable way.
127 ::: The BIG Aircraft Carrier (1995) ::: family ::: The big aircraft carrier: see a huge aircraft carrier in action! Go behind the scenes of the USS Nimitz. Watch over sound hunter jets and land! Follow the naval pilot on a mission. Discover how a carrier works. Visit the control tower, the bridge, the kitchens, the clothes deck and much more! Experience how it is to live on board a floating city with almost 6000 people!
128 ::: Locked Up (2016/II) ::: family ::: The film is a story about a young woman (Amanda) whose family went on leave, left her and her elder sister (Susan) at home. Amanda was about to go to Summer Camp and said goodbye to her sister but unknown Amanda did not leave her sister home. Her sister took a chance to go with her lover for a week and locked Amanda inside the house without food or water. The big question is whether Amanda will live?
129 ::: "Taart" (2014) ::: family ::: Penguins and pastries are a poem of love and imagination. Eight -year -old Kadir wants to be a polar explorer when he grows up. He knows everything about penguin birds and has unprecedented perseverance. His father UMUT is the best pastry chef in the world, but since the death of his wife Umut miserable. Kadir pulls all the stations to make it happy again. After the father and son moved to a village where no one can care less about the cheerful umut pastry, Kadir knows what to do: everyone needs a cake.
130 ::: "S@ttitude" (2001) ::: family ::: @T. Zubal is two hours of living from the cork and Dublin (Ireland) (Ireland) brings fun and faith. This goal has a 10-15 years of age, have a living studio viewers and contains a load, competition, challenges, challenges and live music.
131 ::: The Doubtful Guest (????) ::: family ::: An attractive and attractive creature appears in a family and breakfast and reverses the life of a funny family.
132 ::: The Magical Scarecrows Stars with Hearts: Final Signatures (2009) ::: family ::: After a year-round, historic 54,000 km globe-tracking journey, Jackie Chan, Hugh Jackman, Prisilla Pressley and many other supersters to gather signatures from the globe-planting travel terminal illnesses to benefit from the terminal illnesses of 2009 to the Magical Schooros at the Magical Screecros. Australian and International Super Stars, Barry Croker, Joe Bugner and Leo Seyer gave a wonderful performance, donating Maya Scarecros clothes, books and DVDs for Aunty Lynn's children. Final signatures are added at the climax of this historic journey for a variety of children's charity.
133 ::: Mother Goose Parade (2007) ::: family ::: The 61st annual parade of Mother Goose in the city of El Cajon of the County of San Diego had breathtaking visual effects of an overview, with confetti cannons, to beautiful award -winning tanks, colored balloons, royal equestrian teams and entertaining fanfasses. On the theme "California Dreming" with "The teenage superstar of the secondary school" Corbin Bleu as a great marshal, and "chips" Hero Erik Estrada as a great honorary marshal, the parade welcomed more than 30 major cinematographic celebrities And television and 1/2 million visitors!
134 ::: "Chat Boume" (1990) ::: family ::: There are four. Four adorable alley cats with personalities, tastes and different interests: one is daring, the other cerebral, the third is sensual and the last, shy. Two little mice have taken up residence in the nearby garages and sometimes participate in the adventures of La Ruelle. The series is built around three important aspects of childhood: the playground, the group of friends and the familiar games. The feline nature of the heroes allows five-year-old children to identify and attach themselves to them, while remaining capable of staying themselves and separating the reality from fiction. Series for 5 to 9 year olds.
135 ::: "La Vetrina Del Successo" (1986) ::: family ::: The series consists of 13 shows of 24 minutes. all. The shows were broadcast weekly on local TV and on the cable. The aim of this series was to provide the most successful people in Italian society in many industrial areas. PISICIUTTA has an interview with industrialists, sports heroes, artists and many others who, after immigration from Italy to Canada, has a great success in their career.
136 ::: Kalathur Gramam (2017) ::: family ::: In a village called Kalatura Gramam, located in the small city of Patukottai, which in turn is in the Thanjavur district of Tamil Nadu, lives a pair of father and son. They have been a dispute, however, for three decades, starting from the 1970s to the 1990s.
137 ::: "Urmel aus dem Eis" (1969) ::: family ::: On the island of Lonely Titiwu, weird things happen. An absent and funny professor named Habakuk Tibatong has established an animal education school for dialogue. For example Wutz Pig-Lady, Pinguin Ping and Monitor Wawa. Unfortunately, each has Speeach defects. One day an iceberg arms with an icy egg to the island ...
138 ::: "Road Trip" (2006) ::: family ::: West Georgia Technical College Video Production Studio cameras visited the 37 campuses and spoke to students, instructors, administrators and community leaders about the importance of staying at school and the rewards of a college education. Presented among a wide variety of college courses are those in high -demand fields, with high demand of health care, biotechnology, aerial space, energy and environment, agribusiness and transport. To create the "road trip", the West Georgia Technical College video camera cameras visited all 37 campuses and spoke to students, instructors, administrators and community leaders about the importance of staying in school and the rewards of a college education. Presented among a wide variety of college courses are those in high -demand fields, with high demand of health care, biotechnology, aerial space, energy and environment, agribusiness and transport.
139 ::: Cedie (1996) ::: family ::: The story concerns a US guy, whoever names CDII EROR, which she is in the interest of the CDII EROR, which is in the interest of the CDII EROR, and where there is a few basic resistance, his medium degree mother, the late heirs. His grandfather, the duration of the Drirani, Want to show the boy, but the Cedie is in direه.
140 ::: Sabine Kleist, 7 Jahre... (1982) ::: family ::: Little Sabin spent a childhood in an orphanage, and then his parents died in a car accident. Edith escapes, because one of the women in the orphanage, a child, because he escaped, because he is the only adult he can trust. Then he spreads the city to find someone on his journey
141 ::: "Peppy Pals" (2017) ::: family ::: In a total of 16 short episodes, children go on fun adventures with the five gender -neutral animal lovers: Reggy the Dog, Sammy the Horse, Kelly the Cat, Gabby The Rabbit and Izzy the Owl. The friends end up in situations in which they face various challenges, such as solving conflicts, controlling stress, fear and exclusion - all focused on learning children social and emotional intelligence in a fun way.
142 ::: "Katie Morag" (2013) ::: family ::: Katie Morag is a feisty girl, with a red head living with her family on the Scottish magic island of Struay. It is one of the great amateurs of life. Her determination and obstacle (in Scotland would have been described as a 'thrawn') her land at considerable times but also helps find a way out of her difficulties. It can be a storm and tear, and can be wonderful and helpful. It is energetic, one of those who make life. As a sister, she has her failures, but like many sisters, her good points are greater than the bad. Katie Morag has the best generosity of the spirit. There are times when you disappear, and others when they can be directly directed. But her family and neighbors, in general, adore her; And she, in general, adores them.
143 ::: Strawberry Summer (2012) ::: family ::: High School Music Teacher Beth Landon invites world renowned country singer Jason Keeth for performance at her rural town's Strawberry Festival. One-hit wonder with a terrible representative to cancel the shows and to meet an attitude, Jason Beth's mother, Eleen, thinks she is a trusted music act for the beloved festival, and is a proud host of her good friend Ruth. Beth ruled as the queen of strawberry, tries to stand for her favorite singer, but when she finally meets Jason, it is clear that it is not easy. But behind Jason's rock star image, he hides a secret about his past, which can turn his tanking career. Along with his manager Ray, Beth Jason convinced the Festival Gig that it was a great way to revive his career and regain his audience's appeal. When Jason spends more time with Beth, his attitude begins to dim, as everyone encourages them to realize their deep dreams as talented musicians.
144 ::: "Get Your Skills On" (2014) ::: family ::: Get your skills on an exciting series of children's magazines and families that celebrate, inspire, entertain and empower children in urban active sport such as ice skiing, BMX, free basketball and football, and street dance, your skills are hosted by your skills crew, better in A set of urban skills and world record holders.
145 ::: Monopoly (2008) ::: family ::: You've played the board, now play it in a completely new way. This is the main game of the board with several different versions that make all the monopoly fans happy. Play your way through each board game, the more points you get, the more points you get to open the other versions of the board. Also for the first time, you can play monopoly with completely different rules in the Get Rich Quick version. There are also some small games to unlock while playing the Rich Quick Edition.
146 ::: "The Bozo Super Sunday Show" (1994) ::: family ::: "The Bozo Super Sunday Show" was the latest incarnation of what was once an institution throughout America. As before, the colorful host of the show, Bozo The Clown, always led in a blue outfit, red hair and nose and oversized shoes the activities for the public of children, youth groups and organizations and adults. Piles of the show include songs, skits, stories, circus and vaudeville acts and games. The Grand Price Competition invited (such as randomly chosen) and one girl from the audience to throw ping-pong balls in a line of six buckets, of increasing distances, for prizes. And of course the cream -colored cakes continued to fly in the faces of the regular cast members. By 1997 Bozo exercises started to lead for the children, and segments recorded on video to travel to educational places such as a museum and fire station, were characterized. The Chicago-based "Bozo Super Sunday Show" was the last show with the immortal clown to be produced, because many stations with their own local bozo shows (180 stations at a certain moment) had stopped the production of daily or weekly shows with air Syndicated children's programming or, probably more often than not, tabloid news (eg "a current affair") and waste talk programs such as Jerry Springer. During Boos's 40-year-old Chicago-Run, more than 2 million "Boys and Girls, Moms and Dads" were members of the Studio Public.
147 ::: Tales from the Land of Gullah (1998) ::: family ::: Gullahu is the genesis of African-American culture and South Carolina is her home. The stories in this delightful program bring knowledge to the history of our people, says Master Storyteller, educator and actress (Forrest Gump, my man made me wrong) Anita Singleton-Prather. The stars like her aunt Portrait Pearlie-Sue in this fascinating program that will bring laughter and tears. Seen in PBS
148 ::: Sesame Street: Elmo Loves You (2009) ::: family ::: Elmo makes a super special surprise card for someone that Elmo really loves, but a gust of wind blows away! Rosita joins Elmo to hunt behind the map, but they cannot reach it. Can Super Grover use his heroic forces to save the day? Join Elmo, Rosita and Grover while they learn about love, emotions and friendship in this love -bound story with the new song "Elmo Loves You" and a special music video about signing "I Love You". There is a lot of love on Sesame Street and remember, Elmo loves you! Special performances by celebrities of Trisha Yearwood, John Legend and R.E.M.!
149 ::: The Learning Tree and Me (2008) ::: family ::: Children make an extraordinary journey of discovery through live action and puppet show in this fascinating, fun and exciting educational children's video series that is aimed at 2-8 years. Whether it is about exploring the sea cows or learning ABCs and 123s through songs and dance, it is irresistible edutainment for every child and the child of the heart!
150 ::: Two Weeks (2009) ::: family ::: A positive representation of a young African-American father's relationship with his family specifically, his young daughter during stressful economic times. The film is intended to show some extra efforts needed for a young family to survive in the economic atmosphere of 2009; Both financially and personally with each other. This film is also intended to show that during this current state of economic despair it is even more critical that families find ways to escape and go out and enjoy each other's business, even if it is something simple when driving to Dinner for breakfast, or switching off the television and opening a book.
151 ::: "Toonerville" (1936) ::: family ::: "Toonerville" was a popular newspaper cartoon from 1908 to 1955 which was adapted to a series of cartoons in 1936 by Van Beurenstudios. He is also known as "Toonerville Folks" or "The TOONERVILLE cart which meets all the trains". A central character in the original comic strip and the animated series is the "Toonerville Trolley who met all the trains" who arrive in a small town.
152 ::: "Real Strength" (2009) ::: family ::: "Real Strength" is an original half-hour range made for halogen TV. It follows the health and fitness coach Jeremy Shore because it introduces us to men and women who pay their health not only physically excellent, but also to create strong communities. Coaches, volunteers and athletes profiled in the show can recognize their physical achievements, but they are their performance outside the gym and outside the field. Their drive and inspiration come from those in which we are physically challenged, as we see in a pilot episode. In each episode, Jeremy participates in the viewers with the goal of inspiration, challenging and motivating them to be right and involved.
153 ::: Unlocking the Secret (2008) ::: family ::: "Secret" is disabled and it's sweeping the world. Some of them are the law of attracting is the key to all the biggest treasure; The power of the world. With this amazing tool you can do all your dreams and slices. But an important part of the hidden is not yet defined. In similar studies, you know what to do some of the world's leading professionals, to avoid these mistakes, and to avoid how to avoid these mistakes and to prevent this mistake and to bring it to his full level.
154 ::: Silver Bells (2013) ::: family ::: Sportscaster Bruce Dalt is a man full of himself with nothing to reduce his competitive position that does not stop gold. An accident during his son's basketball game lands in court, as he is asked to do the service of society. Now it is the frequency bell bell of the Salvation Army. His arrogant behavior, which was captured on the video, goes viral and negatively affects his career and his family, causing his collapse in front of him. Major Melvin Lowl of the Army of Salvation, knowing about the love of God, guides his actions, in the hope that he will recognize the Christmas Association outside the coins collected in a collection container.
155 ::: "Peppy Pals" (2017) ::: family ::: In total of 16 short sections, children go to fun with gender-neutral animals: Reagi, horse, cat and nerve. Friends have ended in terms of where they face different challenges such as a variety of challenges, fear and emotional intelligence - to handle social and emotional intelligence on the way
156 ::: The Fall of Lord Wolf (2014) ::: family ::: This is the last show of our enlightened forest trilogy. After receiving the mayorl control over the enchanting forest after the big wolf, he establishes his eyes on a high prize to become the President of the forest. After rigging elections, the big wolf is not only victorious, but also crown itself as a "Lord Wolf". Under his control, he has removed the land to a totalitarian/diastopian community, where citizens are under his rule and control. The enchanted people have heard their voice and nothing was allowed to happen to Lord Wolf at any time to rule. Lord Wolf has come into a very ancient mystery of the forest which can give them the power to keep world dominance. Can it be stopped on time or will it be too late?
157 ::: Merriment (????) ::: family ::: A non-religious origin of Christmas. When a young woman travels to a depressed city at the top of the world, she tries to inject some cheering in the hearts and spirits of the townspeople. However, she is opposed to the traditionalists whose way of life she threatens. It may cost some magic to show everyone the light.
158 ::: Kandethal (2016) ::: family ::: Kandetal (ad) is a spiritual image, the joys of peace and tranquility in the light of the ancient Indian philosophy and the pleasures of peace and calm and sad orrow. By personal experience, the reason behind the crises of a mother's life may not be searched in the outside world, but in one's own interior. Here, a mother who is agony for losing her son thinks that the whole of the children in the world are her own children and regrets because of the previous wisdom (heritage knowledge) and thereby enjoying it.
159 ::: Afblijven (2006) ::: family ::: Schoolboy Jordi has to work two jobs, as a hospital cleaner and car was-clerk. Yet he bends back to help his classmates, especially total radical Melissa. The spoiled but emotional daughter of a snobbish dad who looks down on 'normal, horny' Jordi through her own admission has only one talent: dancing. When she gets the chance to dance in a video, she shamelessly abused and ignores Jordi. Instead, she makes contact with other dancers, who drag her in ecstasy abuse 'to dance better'. Soon she is such a social and medical mess, even Dad comes to beg Jordi to help her find and heal.
160 ::: An Elf's Story: The Elf on the Shelf (2011) ::: family ::: Chippy is set for a family with a boy wondering about the magic of Christmas. When Chippy finds the task a little difficult, his intimate friends, Santa, and an unexpected child help him remember why the importance of his job!
161 ::: Til siste hinder (2011) ::: family ::: Ida belongs to the beautiful gang at school and lives to go shopping with her best girlfriend Karoline. She loves her life, as long as her mother is once telling her she is moving. And it is not New York or London, but for an abandoned farm in a tiny village in northern Norway. Ida hates her parents for forcing her away from her friends, and after a week on the village, things are going from bad to worse. Now she hates not only parents, she hates her life, who is barely improving when her mother forces her to meet some of the "native". A bunch of losers who have never heard of makeup and spend all their time on horses. For Ida now there is only one thing to do and that is to stick back to the city. But a dramatic meeting with the Kehilan horse changes everything.
162 ::: "Selmas saga" (2016) ::: family ::: Serma knows that her family is driven out of their homes. Sadly, she escapes on a winter night. She protects her from a huge building blizzard that has been proven to be a science academy. Ephrime von trypel hat introduces his latest research. TRIPPELHATT has discovered that Santa Claus is not only the presence of myths but also the real thing.
163 ::: Mother Goose Parade (2007) ::: family ::: 1066-year-old volunteers in El County of El County of El County of the car, Under dqualias and the team traveling. "California's high school" play "!
164 ::: Operation Bannana Split (????) ::: family ::: Hannah and Colean parents are fighting as long as they can remember. Girls decide to work together to divide their parents for their good. However, their parents struggle equally to stay together for the good of the girls.
165 ::: Marshall the Miracle Dog (2015) ::: family ::: The 13 -year -old boy is desperate until his new school is a target of a bully, and that the dog guest is covered in a miserable situation is that the marshall is covered. Finn knows that he has to save Marshall, but he is abused by other dogs and needs to see a veterinarian right away. The bond of friendship is right away.
166 ::: Ay Ramon! (2015) ::: family ::: As each year, Bestaqulaas comes with the Spain with his ship to give children a gift. Because guiltykhaskhas loyal horses raise marine horses, Zommoman Ram horse watches through the ground. During this journey, Raven and SS are abducted by evil k. He wants to use his mortality talented talent use use to revive her death. Senteroce and all of his friends should now go to great lengths now to try and rescued the remote and horse saved.
167 ::: Vimukthi (2010) ::: family ::: Madhavi is a single daughter of Keswara, an exponent of traditional Mysore paintings. Mother love was denied long ago in life, Madhavi develops a strange feeling for her father for her father. This is a passion on madness. His unusual feelings, which should have been reduced over time, remains dormant in his psyche. Famous psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud has defined such a state of mind as an Electra complex, which is a daughter's unresolved attraction for her father. Madhavi's married life is not found because it is weak by her disorganized psyche. She gets away from jealousy and raises a storm when Neva comes to learn traditional paintings under a foreign girl, Keswarao. Revealing her unnatural psyche with her actions, the family life collapses and her husband Vibin finds herself in a strange. Madhavi also fails to see her daughter's childhood craving. The painful feeling forces Keswarao to find a way out of the family's labyrinth. A few years later, Madhavi finds out that her father is far away Kashi and goes to find her. The terrible life of Kashi, mysterious events, and the people who crave death in Muktibhavan, with the confidence of attaining salvation, create a feeling of dissatisfaction in it. She slowly starts coming out of understanding. Male-women relationship is very well. It has defined the logic of philosophy, knowledge of spirituality and curiosity of psychoanalysis with all its subtlety and complexity that are beyond time and place. The mystery of the relationship has caught the imagination of great philosophers and writers since the time of sofochles, Ashilus, Shakespeare, Kalidasa and continued to mesmerize their forearm in the present time.
168 ::: A Smile as Big as the Moon (2012) ::: family ::: Immense faith of a Special Education teacher in the capacities of his students is realizing a dream that remains a lot of dream. As the first special educational team that attends the prestigious NASA space camp program, Mike and his class remind us of the remarkable power of the human mind.
169 ::: Bob the Builder: Built to Be Wild (2005) ::: family ::: Yee-haw! Welcome to the Wild West! It is time for loud raising and showing up when Bob the builder and his potential crew to the west built to be wild, his new music specialist! Go to the west while Bob and the crew are thrown into an adventure full of gold mines, camping fires and the legend of a long -lost treasure. Join the team while they meet a caviar named Rio, its horse, its dollar and its pickup truck, Jackaroo, and take over the biggest adventure of the building still!
170 ::: George Canyon's Christmas (2006) ::: family ::: This lightly, the music filled with special interviews 10 seasonal songs, with the story of George Canyon, trying to make it home on time for Christmas.
171 ::: The 63rd Annual Academy Awards (1991) ::: family ::: Line of American academy is known as "Oscar", - During the Day Appicion created in 1929 and transfers him the number of movies in movies.
172 ::: The Essence Awards (1994) ::: family ::: The 1994 Essence Awards respects eight excellent African men, in response to their achievements in each field and great contributions to the community. The award ceremony between the host Vanessa Williams and Symbad was recorded and recorded on April 22, 1994 in front of the audience, where stars were studded at a paramount theater in New York.
173 ::: "Bitworld" (2010) ::: family ::: Incredibly interactive interactive interactive interactive television show (often directly streaming), "Area B" members will help to overcome any problem for the elders of Japan's adults tomorrow. Lush with the latest Live 3D CGI, "Bitworld" uses all kinds of media (Twitter, Digital TV remote controls, shows own homepage, etc.), one of the fun shows on TV to create its viewers in Japan.
174 ::: The 53rd Annual Academy Awards (1981) ::: family ::: Prize of the American Academy of Cinematographic Arts and Sciences, of 1940 known as "Oscar", - American Film Award created in 1929 and traditionally awarded to the figures of cinematographic art for their contribution to the creation of films .
175 ::: "Raising Expectations" (2016) ::: family ::: Behanny is a wonderful family: good looking, paid, talented, sports and boot. Paige (ringwald) and Wayne Wednie (man, kong, bents are proud of. In the city, you can even find a paige to lift a special family in the Bestseller list. But , the fifth son Emmett, is not a step-by-law. He knows his way of academia and interest. emmett knows his way, but he knows his way, but he knows how to celebrate his average creativity Steam safety.
176 ::: The Essence Awards (1994) ::: family ::: The prize of the 1994 Cancer Payments in their respective landes to the affected airways for their respective achievements and to their communities to subscribe to their communities. Prize Ceremony, the VAINEA WAMS and Certificate Host, Before Star Start Ate Treatment of Start Start Ate Treatment of Start Start Visitor
177 ::: Diagnosis Delicious (2016) ::: family ::: It is disgusting when his quarrel goes viral with the famous Food Critic Career (Ryan Rotman) Career. After blacklisted by elite restaurants, Dave has been forced to take education at her friend's culinary arts school. When the cardiologist, Dr. When Nina Kirby (Maya Stogen) is for B-Promotion at the local hospital, the head of the cardiology informs her if she comes to the board to teach a healthy living seminar. The only problem is that Nina cannot cook and she does not want to learn. With a little coaxing of his best friend and colleague, Olivia (Tanya Chisholm), Nina Dave agrees to take the class. When Nina presents Dave with healthy live seminars, she is unclear in working with her due to the lack of partnership of the class. In his efforts to convince him to go to the board, Nina and Dave come to some unexpected ordinary ground.
178 ::: Finding Rin Tin Tin (2007) ::: family ::: The true history of the legendary German shepherd dog, which was found by the American pilot Lee Duncun in France during the First World War and later became the most famous animal star in Hollywood's history.
179 ::: You've Got a Friend (2007) ::: family ::: In 1976, Bobby 12 years old, a recent year visit to the eagle as her with her uncle and a parent. Determined to follow his grandfather, Bobby causes his uncle, Vietnama Vet Jim Klecan, to build a car competition
180 ::: Doggie Boogie - Get Your Grrr On! (2011) ::: family ::: Doggy Boogie dances in the hearts of its family audiences, they are dedicated to Bichan Pup, who is enthusiastic for Pijo, who helps his owner and her dog dance uncle to achieve their dreams. The desire to become Cassy Wet is torn by her mother, becoming a slave to the world of her personal injury law and forcing the Cassie in the family heritage. Peter Wolf, her Dog-Dance's uncle, dreams of winning the National Dog Dance Championship, but has been prevented by his guilt on a tragic dance accident. Gertrood spinner, ten times Dog Dance Champion and mythology Dance Dance keeper of the Bible, does anything to stop them. Pijo, supported by colorful cast and enchanted dogs, uses the lessons of Cassassi and Peter to provide a new start when dancing through Cassy and Peter's life turns and turns. He sucks life in everyone's dreams while he dances with their hearts.
181 ::: "The Skrumps" (2007) ::: family ::: Part 1: Wishbone's takes to tell how Wishbone and Skumpy have devised the name for their rock band "Grumblebelly". Part 2: SKUMPY's version of how he thinks he came to the name "Membelly". Part 3: Raisins explains the truth behind the name "Memebelly".
182 ::: "Marlo and the Magic Movie Machine" (1977) ::: family ::: Marvel Hugens is a lower computer office that is closed to the sub-basin office by their rule owner. However, his life after the hours is alive because every closure means that he does not point to the magic movie machine. Together, Marl and his machine visited various topics around different subjects about different subjects
183 ::: Christmas Miracle (2012) ::: family ::: It is Christmas Eve, and an ice storm is blowing from the small city of the summit view. The roads are almost empty, except for a group of vehicles that stick to a remote road on the outskirts of the city. The seven people involved decide to wait in a nearby abandoned church. Those seven are: James, a former priest who is escaping his life and his vocation after the death of his wife and his son; Darryl, emt that dreams of becoming a doctor, but believing that the dream never materializes because of his dyslexia; Married couple Mrs. Drake and Madeleine, whose marriage and problems are money-centered; They have just found Nick and Christy, who are finding more and more of their wedding three days ago; And the only local among the bunch, Joe, who is separated from his wife Mary, mainly because of their different views on how to manage their family, especially specifically when dealing with their autistic child, Matt. They are eventually united by eight, Mary, who comes to provide some food and blankets to the seven deserts, but whose SUV also gets stuck from the church. As the eight interact with each other, they find that the true Christmas spirit comes in the face that helps each one with their own life problems, especially by working together towards a common goal to specifically help Mary and Joe.
184 ::: Unlocking the Secret (2008) ::: family ::: "The Secret" is out and sweeping the world. Some claim that the law of attraction is the key that unlocks the greatest treasure chest of all; The power of the universe. And by using this great tool, you can fulfill all your dreams and desires. But is the most important part of the secret to be revealed. In this compelling research you hear directly from some of the world's leading experts about what the law of attraction works, you discover the reasons why it sometimes does not work, and learn how you can avoid these mistakes and use the law of attraction at full.
185 ::: The 71st Annual Academy Awards (1999) ::: family ::: Line of American academy is known as "Oscar", - During the Day Appicion created in 1929 and transfers him the number of movies in movies.
186 ::: The Da Vinci Code Deception: Solving the 2000 Year Old Mystery (2005) ::: family ::: "Dan Vincite code", Dan Brown's reports newsletter, have shot in a million readers. This annoying story is filled with something unusual for blood occasions, and the authors. Division is like Divinci seems true in fairy, in synzzales and movies, mystery and Dan Black News. Those viewers will be found, not only that the questions begin, but through the medical assistance and science. Davi code Davi is checking different events, deep thoughts, secrets, and confidential debate. Our discovery is important to act on things that will cause the minds and give drama, and kings, and kings, at this mystery.
187 ::: Anolkhi Hey Ghar Maze (2009) ::: family ::: Relationships are destined and the elements of these relationships are held together because of the strong verses of faith and love. But many times when any kind of business or transaction begin in such beautiful relationships and relationships, then these strong wires that maintain these relationships begin to weaken. The reasons are small and all they are looking for is a general opinion from everyone's perspective considering that it does not make it more valuable than relationships. But whenever such a situation arises, it must be treated with maximum transparency rather than being excited or otherwise this can lead to the dissolution of these complicated relationships. Based on this topic, the story of "Anolkhe he ghar Maaze rotates
188 ::: "Scout & the Gumboot Kids" (2015) ::: family ::: "Scout and Gombuit children" Hybrid Dynamic and Territory Drugs and Living Performors and their families who are interested in nature. The range of weekly the week of the week in the children CBC is an interested in the children CBC who make the gangshots through a range of symptoms that they are their family to solve the natures of nature. The show means the bridge between the family room and the house. "Scout and Gombuit Children" was confirmed for a social impact of the social media center and the UCLA World Media Center. This series were created by Tara Headford and Erich Hagan by the production and features of the two floors by the Jane Award winning artist, jisiiiiiiiire.
189 ::: "Blister" (2002) ::: family ::: A television show that focuses on video games with a lot of action in them. The genres of games such as first -person shooters, action, arcade, adventure, etc. This show would not include sports video games. Sports games are in the television show "Sweat" (2002). A show on action in games. This program talks about action games as well as behind the scenes. They discuss all action games such as first-person shooters (FPS) (Dudke Nukem 3D, Doom, Unreal), Driving Games (Wipeout Fusion, Grand Turismo 3), platform games (Mario 64 , Crash Bandicoot) and hybrids such as action / adventure games (Lara Croft: Tomb Raider) and action / adventure / horror games (Resident Evil, Silent Hill 2).
190 ::: The BIG Newspaper (1998) ::: family ::: Part of the awarding, a small mammoth of the garden of older adventures! Follow the scenes in America's largest newspaper - today the USA! See journalists see a white house, a large league baseball game and a road and a new sports car! Know how the photo gets on paper and how printed plants are printing newspapers around the world! Know how everyone works to get the latest news to millions of readers every day! "We have a" big "series and my children like them. They are educated and entertaining - even for adults. - tr
191 ::: The Christmas Project (2016) ::: family ::: The Buckley family, consisting of seven brothers (and baby along the way) and parents, deal with the fictions of young boys and their struggles with the Hagbart family in the summer, especially on July 4, a picnic fight. This movie goes into the school year during the Christmas season.
192 ::: "Bitworld" (2010) ::: family ::: Incredibly interactive inter -galactic television show for children (often broadcast live), members of District B help adults from Japan to overcome every problem on Earth (and after). Lush with the latest 3D CGI live, "bitworld" uses all types of media (Twitter, the functions of the Digital TV remote control, their own homepage, etc.) to create one of the most with their viewers -Said television broadcasts in Japan.
193 ::: Little Ghost Grabbers (2012) ::: family ::: When a school project is very wrong in this family friendly trailer, Cynthia Carter is rumored to be prosecuted in the middle of the middle house, Ms. Gotham's old home. But scaring this scientist in education takes more than rumors, and he is determined to reach the bottom of strange events.
194 ::: "Annabel's Kitchen" (2011) ::: family ::: Annabel and his team have to take you and your kids on research culinary journey and come forward with funny and light -hearted winning solutions, proving that cooking can really be a child's game. Annabel is joined by Jimmy in her stylish loft apartment, which is often unexpected intern from its South Pole, ordering a disaster elements and finding a complete recipe corresponding to each occasion. Taking a look at everything and providing a singer's comment on kitchen activities, Candice, Dion and Lola - the most pampered in the ground, the useless and three of the Dittsi Princess Cupcakes. After all, there is a wonderful mechanical AIDS of Jimmy that he made for Annabel. There is every cook dream, fruit 'n' vegetables, which cut into whatever shape you like, squeeze dice, chops or any fruit or vegetables. Cookatron is a cunning oven where food is cooked for perfection in seconds. And finally, the final food criticism, a delicious screamy-o-meter, which smells food for deliciousness. Every week, children come with Annabel in their loft apartment part and host of Annabel, Jimmy, Pearl and Anandi Guest characters help children to eliminate a different food problem. Children see and learn because Annabel does what she likes- inspire children to make their favorite food and try something new.
195 ::: "The Center" (2003) ::: family ::: A special musical band or solo solo hosts invited and/or interviewed by hosts for their careers and future projects, sharing their habits and philosophies of life with the viewers of hosts and college college. Personal, social and academic issues such as weight loss, time management, meeting and skills needed to have a career in general, all discussed.
196 ::: Ms. Velma's Most Incredibly Magnificent Christmas Week (1976) ::: family ::: Join the Universal World Church at the one -hour long magnificent American holiday festival. The incredible costumes designed by the world famous Ms.wellma have included extrinignary lighting and set pieces. Follow the celebrations of 50 states with the voices of politicians and Miss Velma singers. In addition, a recurrence on the Christmas story performed a tribal dance (and sharp shooting exposes) performed by the wonderful Ms. Velma, after which she plays the hand piano. Christmas of Ms. Velma (A.K.A Ms. Velma's most incredibly spectacular Christmas week) in the US) is considered an excellent work in all things in terms of Christmas season today.
197 ::: Sophia (????/II) ::: family ::: What would happen if the Greek goddesses gave all their knowledge and power to a 13 -year -old girl? He would become a rock star and seized the world! Starring the young singer/actress, Eden Elysium, and the veteran actress born in Puerto Rico, Lillian Hurst. This is a positive comedy game that inspires and entertains.
198 ::: Golden Shoes (2015) ::: family ::: At a time when our nation needs inspiration, what will it take to gather and give us hope? Eight -year -old Christian Laro (played by Christian Koza) is about to face the biggest challenge of his life. The hope of a young man has been a dreamer since he was a young boy dreaming of becoming a great football player liked by Cristiano Ronaldo. Unlike other young boys, Christian believes in his heart and soul that he can be the best football player in the United States and play for the national youth team. But first, he must overcome the impossible. The football movie "Golden Shoes" is inspired by children who, through your love of sports, find a way to deal with harassment and intolerance. Christian's character is harassed by both children and adults, and his friendship with Julian goalkeeper (played by a minks by Disney Ants) helps Christian pass through these experienced times. Can Christian's journey to the top of the football world make it the new Cristiano Ronaldo? Will Christian find his way and inspire an entire nation in time of need? The football movie "Golden Shoes" is Rudy's likes to meet Bend It as Beckham. It is full of emotions and twists and will make the audience root for the children's star, which can just inspire us all. The football movie "Golden Shoes" will be released in 2013 and includes acting staff, including Eric Roberts, John Rhys-Davis, David Delouise, Vivika A. Fox, Dina Mayer, Christian Cosa, Joshua Morow, Montel Williams and one Minx. Don't miss this incredible movie and find out if Christian Laro's dream of becoming the new Cristiano Ronaldo is coming true!
199 ::: Dong seung (2002) ::: family ::: The womb, to do-ny, has lived many quietness under his master. Although resigned to Buddhism, the child cannot remember his mother, who could not remember and hope to meet or one day. It is also saved that the other children live near and play sports and go to school. Another friend NYUM is the old teacher called Jung-Siv, who fights to be in the way of learning. The person who builds the temple gives a sense of confidence that his mother will return one day. But he was sick with Nyum, who wondered when someone could not return, who could return to, the dead year visiting the temple to reach her.
200 ::: MGP Missionen (2013) ::: family ::: A young child living in a small town on Karl Danish coast should go to Copenhagen to his dislike. At school he was mocked for his slang. However, he is friendly with a Turkish girl named Sason, but her father is hoping to act in an exacting exaltation, though it does not allow it. Together they built a plan to defy Sason's father.
201 ::: What About the Children (2011) ::: family ::: A story about the neglect of teenagers/children towards their parents in the areas of love, affection, attention and security. These teenagers/children are largely voluntarily and/or involuntarily treated by their parents with components, disregard, inattention and/or negligence that influence their home environment, education and social life.
202 ::: "Magabotato" (2010) ::: family ::: In a fun, fun and unpleasant way, Magabotato's actors and crews bring viewers to the charming world of Tabletop and Miniature games. Each section includes games, step -by -step guides for painting or craftsmanship, a news section, and some comedy clips. The world of tablet and miniature games closer to the same entertainment and freshness - the most amazing way possible.
203 ::: The Mark 666 & the New World Order (2005) ::: family ::: Heaven is he hell? The process: Heav! Mark 666 & World World Provide is the fourth activity in heaven or hell? The process. Heaven is he hell? The many series of the Bible tells of the Scriptures "when the end of the end" from Kooky, style art theater. This story is like a destruction of the world known as the new world wants everyone to rule 666 or they will die. To Mana Mike Mairna who is a rebel who is determined to go to these wicked spirits. Heaven is he hell? Many things are told by special art of art. Heaven is he hell? The tone of the Bible is made of the words, fun & stupid for all ages. Solve your mind and apply to the best video travel you can get. It's kooky! It's the skill to feeds! It's fun!
204 ::: So Help Us God (2017) ::: family ::: When a dysfunctional family takes a trip to finally rest her beloved grandmother, her broken RV tests her patience and her faith. Through the grace of God and his leadership, they ultimately learn the true meaning of love and acceptance.
205 ::: Justiça Divina (2014) ::: family ::: A day in the life of four men. One believes in the righteousness of the law. Another believes in justice done with his own hands. Another believes in divine justice and the latter does not believe in nothing. A divine name woman unites them all. The second woman repeats the fate of the divine.
206 ::: The Concert (2017) ::: family ::: David, a paraplegic father, has endangered his marriage and has moved his little son away by putting his career ahead of his family's needs. Try to redeem yourself, but you find great challenges while running through the city to arrive on time to your child's viola recital.
207 ::: "Scout & the Gumboot Kids" (2015) ::: family ::: "Scout & The Gumboot Kids" is a live hybrid television series and live action that inspires children of preschool age and their families to consciously explore nature. The series transmits mornings during the week in the CBC of children. Scout is a curious mouse that leads to Gumboot's children through a series of clues that take them outdoors to solve the mysteries of nature. The show is destined to be a bridge between the family room and the outdoors. "Scout & The Gumboot Kids" is backed by the David Suzuki Foundation and the UCLA Global Media Center for social impact. The series is created by Tara Hungerford and Eric Hogan of Two Story Productions and presents music by the Juno prize -winning artist, Jessie Farrell.
208 ::: Junior High Spy (2011) ::: family ::: When f.b.i. My father continues, Lazao, Ricky Lazao, Jr. believed that it's ... But the company is expelling his life as a child's game. The application of his father is highly higher, he wants to get her home before dinner and save the day!
209 ::: "Jay's Jungle" (2015) ::: family ::: Jay's jungle is a preschool series that follows the adventures of Jay the Lighthouse Keeper. Jay lives on a J-shaped island in a lighthouse called Seymore. Every day, his magical light all over the world beams around the world to search for thoughts and questions that are to be researched.
210 ::: Wonder Girls (2012) ::: family ::: Wonder Girls have arrived, and they are getting New York City from the storm! The girls arrive in New York City to prepare for their tour at US, but because of their entertainment, mischievous personalities, they enter the Apollo amateur competition themselves under the scene, "Asian occupation". Their amazing performance wins them a place in the finals, but also arouses trouble with the champions of the reign ... school schools. Join Yenny, Yubin, Sun, Sohee and Lim on this ridiculous journey as they sail their way through friendships, rivals, loyalty and oppression to prove they have what they need to do it in the big city.
211 ::: "Hocus Focus" (1979) ::: family ::: Hocus Focus has the Apprentice Wizard, who traveled to the mid-ages of the Middle Ages who worked in the film section of the public library, and he played short films along with his shape-transfer pet called "ULA Luck". Crisen's friends have an attending mind Professor Rombus, a young woman named Daisy and a speaking book. The show continued only a year
212 ::: Lucky Dog (2014) ::: family ::: Lucky Dog is a Paws and funny live action film for the whole family! Lucky's owner Travis (Bryce Johnson, "Pretty Little Liars") is a divorced father of two children who is dedicated to his great children, his exciting architectural job and above all his dog and best friend, Lucky (from David Deluise). This little family seems to have everything until Travis begins with another architect named Amber (Boti Bliss, "CSI: Miami"). To keep everything the same happiness, every woman usually chases his master's date. But this time Lucky is of puppy love for Amber's dog Amy (so that you think you think you can dance "cat deely) blindly Lucky decided that the girls have to stay, but things are going to be fravis and amber in a design competition Start and Amber begins to get the stimuli of an apparently wealthy customer. It is up to Lucky and Amy to bring their families under one roof!
213 ::: The Boathouse Detectives (2010) ::: family ::: From the Director of "Club Detectives" comes the Boathouse detectives, where four incredible characters go on an exceptional mission with a deadline for a check, a dead end, fake leading, wrong identities and close to gaps in this tall octane, a child managed by the child, the whole The family will enjoy.
214 ::: Trooper and the Legend of the Golden Key (2012) ::: family ::: The True Paza Brad Hound is a natural detective who is dedicated to his "human", dedicated to Tommy, 10 years old, and walks slowly. Troopers, Tommy, and their families have moved to a new town, but they quickly discover that it is a small town with a mysterious legend ... a golden value worth $ 1 million. It is a key legend! While delivering the newspaper, the trooper sniffed the clue and helped a dash, a dash, a friend of his new dog ... Every time a new discovery is, the mystery has deepened, and the danger is now heading! Can Tommy and Troopers release the Golden Key legend before being too late? Can the trooper save Piculby? Sure is certain ... the trooper is a black hound in the case, and things are interesting.
215 ::: Dvenadtsat mesyatsev (1973) ::: family ::: The young and beautiful orphan girl treats her like a servant, treats her like her pampered, stupid sister -in -law, and lives with her careless stepmother. They send her to collect Fire on a large VE day. While in the forest, the girl discovers that strange things are happening.
216 ::: "Dumbo's Circus" (1985) ::: family ::: Disney's classic direct-action TV series, an elephant with the ability to fly (with the help of his trust feathers). The characters were all costumes (with the help of 'puppetronics', I believe, pioneered radio-controlled mechanisms by Jim Henson "Fraggle Rock" and Disney "welcome to poh corner". This series did not produce too many episodes but happened For a while and was quite popular for a cable series.
217 ::: "Family Style with Chef Jeff" (2013) ::: family ::: Chef Jeff comes out all the stops and combines an incredible assortment of "super food" as an ingredient for this healthy meal. The main dish is a roasted turkey breast with a mixture of the most sautéed kale that you have ever tasted.
218 ::: Christmas Miracle (2012) ::: family ::: It's Christmas Eve, and a snowstorm blows through the small town of Summit View. The roads are practically empty, with the exception of a group of vehicles that get stuck on a distant road on the outskirts of the city. The seven people involved decide to take refuge in a neighboring abandoned church. These seven are: James, an ex-priest who flees his life and his vocation after the death of his wife and child; Darryl, an EMT who dreams of becoming a doctor, but who believes that the dream will never materialize because of his dyslexia; The rich married couple Drake and Madeleine, whose marriage and their problems are centered on money; The newlyweds Nick and Christy, who find that they are arguing more and more since their marriage three days ago; And the only room among the group, Joe, who is separated from his wife Mary, largely because of their different opinions on how to manage their family, more specifically in the treatment of their autistic son, Matt. They are finally joined by an eighth, Mary, who comes to provide food and covers with a failed seven, but whose SUV is also stuck by the church. While the eight interact with each other, they find that the true Christmas spirit returns to the surface which helps each one to their own life problems, especially since they work together towards a common objective to help specifically Mary and Joe.
219 ::: Liebe zartbitter (2003) ::: family ::: Just before their wedding, Bavarian rural bakery Lena Mayerhofer found the groom Hanssi to make the love of Para-Niefa. She now accepts as an escape from the wedding gift, which she would not take earlier from Aunt Ke, who retires abroad: her bakery in Berlin. Lost in the Lena Metropolis begins terribly, also with locals. He clicks when he meets the eccentric gay barber Donald, who makes "Lenas Backstube" hit, specialized I unconventional wedding cakes. He even encourages, not yet, he is a ruthless CEO, on a mission to buy his bakery for a modern chain, in Cahoots with his fiancée for the bitch's career, the daughter of the boss Theo Beolen Tina, who has to make her choice.
220 ::: Sherdil (1999) ::: family ::: Sana is a young girl who is nothing else or a very horse. One day she ends in a stable to go to school where three billion horses are being held in quarrel. Horses are a gift to the Swedish government from a foreign country, which has decided to kill him. Sana decided to save the black Arab Stalian Sherardil and took it into the grip of a revolutionary quotter. Soon, not only his parents and friends are looking for him, but also the police and the army.
221 ::: "A Gurls Wurld" (2010) ::: family ::: ALLY, Jackie and EMMA plans on one day on the beach turns a disaster when you play DAMON, ALLY brother, with her phone and accidentally set out in the chat room. Girls are terrified when they learned that their secret had discovered. Girls in one way or another managed to persuade Damon that what he suffered is the latest in virtual reality, computer game. But while he accepts their story, it is desperate to have another in playing this game. Once the ALY back is turned on, Damon steals her phone - and what makes things worse - for his friends to show what he discovered. Girls know that they need to develop a plan and implement it to the point of perfection. All they have to do is think about one!
222 ::: Up All Night (2015/I) ::: family ::: A road trip with your best friends - the last way to spend your holidays! This is definitely Bobby, Shannon and the gang thought when they set on the adventure of a lifetime. But when their truck breaks at the middle of the night, the phone has no choice for taking shelter in a creepy old mansion, nowhere without signal. Brother and sister living alone in the old house welcomed to spend the night - very strange things happen! As local police do not want to help and are as strange as they host the gang's brother and sister - five friends have to keep their intelligence and purity about them and have a simple plan, because the road -journey adventure Rapid spux and crazy turns into mysterious going-on tornado. It is a teenager with a hit TV show "Friday Download", with comedian David Mitchell, Tiger Drew-Honi, Donon Bromfield and Pop-Group The Vamps and Duo Bars and Melody with the show's artists.
223 ::: "The Friday Zone" (1999) ::: family ::: Fried Zone is a weekly child television show that won the Emmy Award by WTU Public Television at Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana. The Friday Zone includes various local guests, exciting projects and different spotlight shows every week. This program encourages children to learn about their world in pleasant and interesting ways.
224 ::: Eka Eka (2008) ::: family ::: Kamal and Swati have been happy to marry couples who have been living in the suburbs of Calcutta for the past six months. They had to get out of Calcutta because of the financial crisis. Kamal is a secretary in a private company and travels to work on the local train. They are a typical middle -class couple. Suddenly the rhythm of their life begins to break. At first they were stimulated. Gradually it turned it into a sense of being unable, which became a psychiatry of fear. Finally, insecurity crawled into the mind of perfection. At this time, Kamal faced a financial crisis because of the huge loan that his late father left while building a home. The perfection of his helplessness confesses his partner, perfection is in the dilemma?
225 ::: Ezhamathe Varavu (2013) ::: family ::: The film, which was made by the hitmaker duo and Helm by Hariharan, is about the life of a hunter (Indrajit), and he hopes to cause a boredom in a remote village. His wife's old love affair interrupts him to live with them (Vimeth). The rest form the storyline of the film.
226 ::: Riding Faith (2018) ::: family ::: "Riding Faith" is a enthusiastic and inspirational story that never loses hope in spite of family, faith and all odds. The story is set in the small town in America, and the centers Faith of Grace and her Majestic White Horse gave her to her father Mike, who was killed in action. Grace's mother Rebecca is doing her best to help both of them to deal with the loss of a loved one. At the same time, she must find a way to avoid losing a family ranch on the edge of the foreclosure. When they reach the rock bottom, they have to sell everything they have, including the horse of Grace, she loves everything in the world.
227 ::: Roya-ye Cinema (2011) ::: family ::: Like many children, Kazam is dreaming of becoming a famous actor. When a production company is looking for a teenage actor, he has a chance to feel his dream to play the lead role in a film. They have a lot of teenagers testing and screened and shortlisted Kazam and Farhad for a long time. But then he cannot make his mind. One thing, however, is certain: only one of them will get part. Whatever Kazam is ready to do, but his family is pleased with his plans. And when his father has to go to the hospital, Kazam's film Stardom's dream seems seriously impregnable.
228 ::: Bark Ranger (2015) ::: family ::: Two children and a trusted dog, Ranger (Jon Lovitz), emerge from a treasure map while playing at an abandoned ranger. They started the adventure of their lives in search of a forgotten gold mine, but things take a worse tour when they encounter a pair of crooks who beat police. Jack lives the life most of the twelve years in a national park with his mother, father and his dog's best friend, Ranger. Then meet a new friend Chloe and discover a treasure map and more adventures come out as they are kidnapped by thieves! It is now in the hands of a ranger to bring the children away from the bad men and save the day!
229 ::: Take 3 Girls (2006) ::: family ::: Low 3 girls are about the courage and the victory of urban landscapes and emotional harm. London's multi-cultural street music Youth Sean is a setting. The three main characters share a dream: creating something of their lives through music. There is a beautiful Indian girl with a noise like a green angel; Patsi speaks a solid DJ; See the talented wrapper with a dark mystery. All three were failed on the edge of Indian businessman M.O. The ghetto is likely to exit through the opportunity encounter, and his wife Romila, eight years ago, was saddened by his daughter's death. Efforts to transform a defamation warehouse at the unauthorized music site of girls gives Mon an idea that can be everyone's liberation.
230 ::: Garuda di Dadaku 2 (2011) ::: family ::: Bayu (EMIR MAHIRA), a member of the elite national soccer team U-15, wants to prove that Jakarta can get the ASEAN junior competition. With his best friend, helicopter (Aldo Tansani), a new girl who is fascinated, Anya (Monica Sayanbati), and a new coach Wizu (Rio Dwant), Baiy is his friend. Working hard and working hard. However, the new man on the team, Yusufu, steals the spotlight of the byew as a new star. Now, the team has caused a great deal of confusion and the byew is running away from training. Will the big game approach the bye and his team to win Indonesia?
231 ::: "Kids' Planet" (1998) ::: family ::: Children from all over the world send their video "letter" to the children's planet. Everything goes when you compare and discover hopes, dreams and experiences that - no matter where you live or how your breed, color or religion - are not so different.
232 ::: Flowing Faster Than Water (????/I) ::: family ::: Flowing faster than water, there is a film about a teenage boy named Sean Decker who has been choosing to swim, he has been doing it for the last twelve years. One day he is asked to participate in his city, fifty -five annual three miles of swimming. But to win the scene, he must seek help by his family, friends and most importantly God.
233 ::: Overlays (2009) ::: family ::: Occupy is part of a continuous series of videos related to the Kayi. This video combines KAI home records as a baby, and at the age of three with shots with manipulation on the morning train in Osaka, Japan. The soundtrack uses an electronic step sequence device. It was edited and mixed at the Experimental Television Center, Owego New York Summer 2009.
234 ::: Willa: An American Snow White (1998) ::: family ::: Will puts the ancient Snow White story in Realistic America, located around 1915. The jealous queen is Regina Worthington, an aging beauty whose stage career has been destroyed. Snow White is her beautiful and talented standing Will. The villa of the Seven Dwarfs was changed to a traveling drug exhibition, run by a failed Shakespeare actor named Dr. Alfonzo and his two companions of strange balls, a blazing Irish Indian called the main Tonka, and a dancing dwarf named Billy Bug. They sell the elixir of the main tone of life a strong alcoholic mixture that needs to reverse aging.
235 ::: Christmas Miracle (2012) ::: family ::: It is Christmas Eve, and blowing a snow storm through a small town of the peak view. The roads are actually empty with the exception of a group of vehicles trapped on a remote road on the outskirts of the town. Seven people involved decide to get shelter in the church left nearby. Those seven: James, former priest, flee from his life after the death of his wife and child and his profession; Darill, who dreams of becoming a doctor, is believed that the dream will never work due to his dyslexia; The wealthy married couple Drake and Madeline, their marriage and its problems are concentrated on money; New bride and groom Nick and Christians, who found that they were more likely to argue more from their marriage three days ago; And the only native in the bunch, Joe, Joe, who was separated from his wife Mary, is mostly in dealing with their autistic son Matt due to their different views on how to manage their family. They eventually joined the eighth, Mary, who came to provide some food and blankets for the seven lonely, but its SUV was also trapped by the church. When eight interacts with each other, they have found that the real Christmas soul comes to the surface, which helps everyone with their own life problems, especially when they work together to help Mary and Joke specifically to help.
236 ::: "What You Get for the Money" (2004) ::: family ::: What you get for money: Homes' is full of homes along the same price in the course of the same price. How much did you pay for your home? Ever be wondering that the same money can buy in Miami, Chicago, Austin or Menchton? Choose the target price - 200 thousand, 300,000, 500 thousand or a million you can get in homework markets from the beach. Why find out the homeowner gives what they do to do for home and live. This is the whole business - the big town or small city, new home or old, setting down the loot or three acres of farm under the plant.
237 ::: Train Master (2008) ::: family ::: Jeremiah Wilson, 62, is really the trains master of the Westamette Western railway. He lives, breathes and eats rail. When Brett Banner, 32 -year -old heir to the east of New York, talks about his father to buy Willamette Western, there is immediately a clash between him and Jeremiah. Jeremiah is fired by Brett two years since retirement and becomes an angry and depressed grandfather. When Brett's nine -year -old son, Justin, realizes that Jeremiah's grandson, Thomas can drive a locomotive, kidnaps and has the rescue of Thomas's favorite dinosaur. Justin, Thomas and 3 other children address an old engine for repairs and accidentally makes it a fugitive engine, which causes a chain reaction of events.
238 ::: "Jester'Z Improv Comedy Live" (2016) ::: family ::: Jester'Z Improv Comedy Live, Volume 1, is a family show featuring the theatrical games in style, a standup comedy and improvisational music performed in front of a live audience. With the participation of the short -form -based scene, Jester'Z handles everything popular, including current events, pop culture and historically hot topics. Great fun for all ages. Starring Matt Mais (from Studio C and Saints and Soldiers: The Void) and the host of Jeff Rowles.
239 ::: "Wunda Wunda" (1953) ::: family ::: Wunda Wunda is the name of a early children's television series, aired in Seattle, Washington on King TV Channel 5 between 1953 and 1972. It starred Ruth Prince as Wunda Wunda, who read stories and songs with other characters on the show. She wore a makeup like a princess hat and a pranks, who was sitting on a magical rug to do most of her shows. She had a magic window that she helped tell her stories. Regular guests included "Clansy the Clock" (an animated alarm clock) and a puppet drum with a puppet drum, indicating the beginning of the music time.
240 ::: Adopt (2015) ::: family ::: An abandoned girl, and a mother who abandoned the girl, what would happen, there will be a spark for true love. Can this little girl betray family, the fault of friend. The request of her loved ones could abandon the defense and hug the brightness. The huge Loez plateau in China, and the good and frank people there. This film will explore fundamental humanity! Ugliness or beauty? You are the judge!
241 ::: The Mis-Education of Joy (2016) ::: family ::: Joy Hunter has just graduated at high school and has been adopted with two of his best friends in the college leg. Joy is a Christian and part of his trial in his life. That is, a disease that should end his life at the age of 15 is now in forgiveness. Professor Signs up fun for the ancient history class taught by Jim Birness. She is an oathed atheist, once a believer, and does everything in its power to make any faith very uncomfortable, to students of faith. Paul is Augard (mid -30s) to join the class. Paul has returned to the school many years later to get his education degree. Paul found out quickly that Professor Byrans did not play through the rules and should not hesitate to go with him in front of the entire class. Anand begins to buy new teachings and ideas that delivers bye and soon becomes a nearest follower. But Joey's home life begins to bear because she and her parents continue to argue about the college Lage and her professor. The health of joy starts to fail. Her priest and D Doctor are very worried. When talking to Byrings at the college, Joy passes and is taken to the hospital. She refused to see her parents but wanted to see Jim Byrings. These two unlikely friends will soon see God. False education of fun is the Queens New York Paul C. There is a story based on the true events seen and experienced by Agard's eyes.
242 ::: Indebted to You (2015) ::: family ::: After the death of his mother, Raju seeks by Shaw and his family. Soon these two boys form a very close friend who suddenly breaks when Shaw escapes from the house. Years later, Shuo sees a picture of his mother and Rajavi in ​​the newspaper and decides to return home.
243 ::: The Essence Awards (1994) ::: family ::: Greetings of Essence Awards for 1994 to eight prominent African American men for their achievements in their fields and great contributions to their societies. The award ceremony was settled, with the hosts of Vanessa Williams and Sinibad, on a video in front of a star in front of the Paramount Theater in New York City on April 22, 1994.
244 ::: Crimes and Mister Meanors (2015) ::: family ::: Thirteen -year -old Jack Harvard when he learns that he has a summer suburb of Washington Shington, D.C. Have to spend in, with his uncle Benny, a non-Aded, middle detective. During his first day in the capital of the country, uncle was going to Fissue, Jack, a jiwas named Kate Adams, who is enthusiastic of American history and the freedom of God. When uncle turns a disruptive customer named Lola Miners, who needs to help find his missing husband, Jack and Kate conduct his own secretly to help solve the case. Both of them quickly found themselves in the midst of a major conspiracy, who has claimed the life of some of the beneficiaries in a secret government facility and threatened to end them. In his quest to find out what happened to Mr Meaners, one of Washington's oldest landmarks made Face-Paude Fan the pair made America's founders so great and helps them understand that a decision could change the way to history.
245 ::: "Nanna's Cottage" (2006) ::: family ::: World's traveler and archaeologist Abigale "grandmother" macaroon distributes love and knowledge to her grandchildren and their friends about the world, and the importance of character, in the cottage of Grandma. Each episode is full of heat, adventure, fun, music, valuable lessons and a little magic.
246 ::: Serenity of the Smokies (????) ::: family ::: "Food of Smokies" is a job of sexual use for artist Willy Adkins. Adikins began the project in 2006 by the best purpose of printing the Cold table photo that displays the gender quality of the higher country. Since it has already begun the job, it is now reading to add length DVDs as well as the tone of folded DVD CD and displaying the first playing music from DC McAllfe.
247 ::: Talang neer (Fresh Water) (2015) ::: family ::: Bopana, a native of the Coordak region, in Karnakaka, India, returns home after 15 years of active military debt in the Indian army to lead a retired life. Due to the lack of proper rehabilitation of the soldiers, a sick father, a full agricultural land, changing the dynamics of work among his peers, loss of childhood love, marriage and financial issues of the sisters, Bopana is faced with the task of solving them. Filmed against the backdrop of the western gates of India, this film provides a visual treat with its picturesque beauty, a melodic background and a very intense family drama with a strong social message.
248 ::: Sherdil (1999) ::: family ::: Sanna is a young girl who does not want anything else from a horse himself. One day on her way to school she ends up in a stable where three Arab horses are being kept in quarantine. Horses are a gift from a foreign country to the Swedish government, which decided to be killed. Sanna decides to save the black Arabic stallion Sherdil and take it in a crofter holding abandonment. So not just her parents and friends are looking for her, but the police and the military.
249 ::: Running Forever (2015) ::: family ::: It has been finally submitted to his mother and 9/11. When the problem nearly both of them, with a beautiful horse that makes Taylor resulted - family, friendship, friendship. With help from the city from above, they produce brightness and learn to run, forever.
250 ::: "Marjolein en het geheim van het slaapzand" (2010) ::: family ::: Marjolein's grandmother has a secret. Years before Marjolein was born, she lived in the forests of Efteling and something happened there. But what? In the meantime, the Sandman has forgotten the magical formula to create sleeping dust. For some reason, he turns to Marjolein and her grandmother to help him pick up the enchantment. An exciting adventure starts.
251 ::: Jonah and the Great Fish (2011) ::: family ::: After her family moves to the city, Chloe finds her new school to be a scary place where she doesn't fit. When her father tells her the story of Jonah's Bible, Chloe uses her imagination to bring to life adventure, complete a nervous prophet, ninevites rival gangs that happen to be amazing dancers, a cordial bunch of Spanish sailors , a king and queen with problems, a pair of loved ones by the name Humphrey and Chum, and a trio of singing crustaceans called "crabelles". While Chloe compares the story to her life, she reveals that there is no discrepancies in the Lord's plan.
252 ::: Kan du vissla Johanna? (1994) ::: family ::: Young bearer has a friend, the first Ali has a hecthered he has a good grandfather, who loves very much and was to fishing trips to him. Bruura does not have a good one, but he wants to be good to him and who can teach him. Ulf knows where a large marks - at home for senior citizens. They find them in together and bearraded a big leading, nails.
253 ::: "The Friday Zone" (1999) ::: family ::: Fried Zone is a weekly child television show that won the Emmy Award by WTU Public Television at Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana. The Friday Zone includes various local guests, exciting projects and different spotlight shows every week. This program encourages children to learn about their world in pleasant and interesting ways.
254 ::: Little Ghost Grabbers (2012) ::: family ::: When the school project was very wrong in this family friendly thriller, Cynthia Carter found himself doing society, the house of the old Mrs. Gotham, rumors of haunting. But this scientist has taken more than gossip to intimidate the train and decided to reach the bottom of her strange events.
255 ::: Toy Mountain Christmas Special (2010) ::: family ::: From 2002 to 2009, Rocky Kids collected a total of 10516 game to be given to the least fortunate children as part of the Mountain game. Every year on December 25, 100 of 1,000 children are not lucky enough to experience the joy of this magic time of the year. Children from all aspects of life and all backgrounds should be given the opportunity to smile with happiness. It does not matter what your background or even the debt you are, as a gift to a less fortunate child will bring happiness to this child and will make you feel satisfied at the same time. Together we can make a difference! Remember that children are children regardless of where they live in the world. Rocky Stone this year and everyone in Rocky Kids is looking for support from all over the world! Even if you are only able to send one game via mail, this game will put a big smile on the face of the little children! Please open your hearts and show that you care! This year's goal is 2000 playing for the least fortunate children!
256 ::: Jungle to Jungle (2014) ::: family ::: Amanda and Jill are flying at their airship when a call from "Kid Correspondent" this week. He asks the girls to help him to identify the bizarre primate. Girls go to adventure for the answer with the help of their app -based friend Livingstone.
257 ::: Epiphany (????) ::: family ::: The widow and father Richard Lee may have gone, but he has not left yet. On the contrary, with no will, he remains the earth as the invisible observer of family events who follow his death shortly before Christmas. Richard's children all left their father and the small town they grew up. He quietly observes as they return home to participate in his funeral and resolve his wealth. He is able to hear their thoughts as well as to witness their actions; He looks at the memories of childhood events through their eyes even when he vividly remembers his version of the same events. In this surrealist existence of death, he learns of the disappointments his children feel about the paths they have chosen in life. Is Jonathan, the hungry artist, who impedes his abilities with a self-imposed sense of failure. David, the eldest son and the history of family success consumed with cynicism and negativity. And Ruth, the girl who is overloaded by the lack of fulfillment she has found in the "big city", and regrets the decisions she has made about career and relationships. Through all, Richard Lee remains powerless to do anything to help while he proves the secrets of his children, pain, internal wars and their relationships with others. Until his death, he never knew that each of his children was fighting with the weight of bitter disappointments, lost opportunities and regrets. Further, he was never really aware of what they thought of their father and their childhood in that rural city. And maybe it took its passage - and their later return to their roots - for the children to learn this themselves. The love they discover that their father had for them so long sheds light on what is really important in their lives. While Richard is learning about his children, they, on the other hand, are learning more than they ever thought they would know about their old predictable father. Despite their predetermined notions of what they believed he thought of them, after revealing secrets and surprises, they discover that their father's love was deep and permeated all his existence. Its quality of redemption brings them the best gift of Christmas by all.
258 ::: "Hi-5 House" (2013) ::: family ::: Join your favorite Hi-5 friends in a whole new adventure when they welcome you in their Hi-5 house-this is the place to be ... and this is where dreams can really come true! Lauren, Stevie, Ainsley, Dayen and Mary explore the most incredible places and meet new friends along the way ... Even our chats of talkative friends welcome you in her house "The Chatterbox" where you can meet a new cool Hi-5 friends. There are a lot of stories, cheeky animal pleasure, new groovy ways to be healthy and active and magical adventures (and even superheroes), so prepare your dancing feet and slide in the Hi-5 house where everything is possible!
259 ::: Santa Switch (2013) ::: family ::: As the Christmas season is fighting for the Dan Exam (QV) and Joe) and Joe) and Grewfin Clinland '(QV). Always tracking new business ideas, Dan's Lind Linda (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) QV) (qv) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) the beautiful and successful young leader, Treaves, Trosor, Trosor, Trews, Trying the best of the best After audit for the task, he lost his man, Den disappoint and broken, blame his problems. A little know that his luck knows how the original chris courage (I) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV) ) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '' ' Each wild Christmas brings true to lose. As in the hands of the world stays on the hands of the world, Dan Fix can do what his family needs from his largest giggy phosba?
260 ::: Ammuvagiya Naan (2007) ::: family ::: Life is a vicious cycle ... an inevitable belief ... distorted with fate ... with colors of emotions, drama, sympathy, love, density, friendship ... and weakness, which digs and depth you deep around the word "life", which is very brutal at times . But we all believe that life can jump and take a very large "U". This was skillfully filmed in the production of the "AMMUVAGIYA NAAN" home, also known as "I ammu", a movie about a young woman who grew up in a prostitution house, despite being harassed, you should learn to live in a natural society when she marries a firm writer.
261 ::: Teah (2007) ::: family ::: In the tenth birthday of Martin the strange things begin to happen in the ancient forest. Even the friendly chestnut tree seems worried. A couple of strangers arrive from the city to live at Martin's house. Although the solitary company desired for a long time, the new Teah girl explains nothing but trouble as she ruthlessly invaded his world. As if this was not enough, another disaster hides on the horizon: malicious signs that appear on trees indicate the imminent buildings of a highway right through the core of the magical forest. Could it be that ancient trees be cut for the sake of a new road? Magic and reality are inseparable in the forest. Is there a way to face reality and preserve magic? What Martin needs most urgent is a true friend. Together they can fight for the survival of the forest. A great revelation awaits Martin on the path of this struggle: the source of magic fits not in the forest, but in the hearts of the people.
262 ::: "The John Kerwin Kids' Show!" (2017) ::: family ::: John interviews Addison Riecke van Nicelodeon's "The Thundermans", Nathan Arenas from Disney's "Bunk'd", Michael Campion of Netflix's "Fuller House", Bryce Gheisar from Disney's "Walk The Prank", and the Kerwin Kid of the Month, .
263 ::: Running Forever (2015) ::: family ::: After the mother died in a 9/11 attack, she was alienated, and both her daughter and father had to cooperate to establish the relationship. If the difficulties consume almost both of them, the bond with the beautiful horses that have experienced their own tragic loss will bring Taylor Sims and return to family, friendship, religion. With the help of the community, they learn to repair fragments in their lives and stop running forever.
264 ::: Mean Mrs. Mednick (????) ::: family ::: A new and very beautiful 5th year teacher is trying to control her unruly class (composed of students that other 5th year teachers did not want). When she cannot control them, she decides to be nasty and her students spend their hidden hidden people trying to make her become nice again.
265 ::: 10th Anniversary Essence Awards (1997) ::: family ::: The essence of the tenth anniversary awards honored the distinguished achievements of African Americans. It was filmed at the Madison Square Garden Theater, and the honorees were among Muhammad Ali, Marilyn Chamberlain, a woman in Los Angeles running a house for people suffering from AIDS, Bill and Camel Kosby, 1996, and a gold medal Dominic Duis, and C. Kenneth Johnson. Whitney Houston was awarded the first Essence Trimphant Spirit. Among the showcases were Oprah Winfrey and Queens Jones.
266 ::: Kan du vissla Johanna? (1994) ::: family ::: Young berra has a friend and ULF. ULF has his grandfather, he loves ULF gifts and leads it to fishing trips. Berra has no grandfather, but he is pleasant to him, and he wants to teach her whistles. Ulf knows where to find - at home for the elderly. They go to search together, Berra finds a big bat, zeros.
267 ::: Rocket's Red Glare (2000) ::: family ::: The 17-year-old Todd Baker worried about restoring a Mercury Redstone rocket as a science project with the help of his former grandfather's grandfather. When a NASA emergency leaves a space shuttle and its crew in danger, Todd's rocket is the only one ready for the immediate launch.
268 ::: "Lilliput" (2005) ::: family ::: Lilliput is an original and educational program targeting children, but also suitable for adults. At each program, we search a country from the child's perspective. Therefore, there are legends and stories related to the country discussed at each event, as well as unique features and interviews and many other surprises ...
269 ::: Bandh (????) ::: family ::: Bandh is a Bengal film presentation that leads the audience through a twister from an emotional roller coaster ride. The journey begins on a certain day due to a bandhs called for political reasons is an unofficial holiday. The film shows a mixture of three parallel stories; That of Dr. Ankan Ganguly, Ritesh and Abhimanyu. The film is more about people, their way of life, their opinion and their impression of today's socio -economic conditions. Bandh thinks a lot about how people actually react very differently to the constant political uprisings in the form of "Bandh". This cinematic presentation is a creative revelation of the same. Bandh is not only a film that only shows political bandh, but also more on the mental blocks, psychological blockages of today's Kolkata. While this sensitive aspect was held, care was taken to show a balanced perspective of life, both the good and the bad side of a human psyche tried to present the viewer optimized in order to get the stories more realism and binding with the taste of the viewer. Dr. Ankan Ganguly loves the idea of ​​criticizing Bandh, and his way of protesting against Bandh is not to do any work and take the day off! However, this gang changes him: forever! Ritesh, a young specialist, is always under the psychological pressure and at home in his office and serves the constantly increasing demands of his boss mother, relatives and women. As a gentle person, he is unable to protest and Riteesh himself through an excruciating life with sympathy of nobody. But this gang comes like a blessing for him that changes in a revelation. Abhimanyu is a clever professional who wants more and more of life. This bandh ensures that he gets what he wants.
270 ::: Gutrun Gutargun (2016) ::: family ::: This story has two different laws to male and women about taking time to go to a village in houses and to go to the village toilet. In this case, the main character must be with many problems and her husband, but he wants to help him to help and humiliate him. This steps to ignore the rules of the rural society. There are twice as noted by women's policy, as well as the lack of life in the village, and the lack of restrooms in the house, so it is to be ashamed of Typically goes to the alone toilet in the morning and at night. This is a very clean entertainment and social film. This given a certificate of "U" certificate. From the festivals above. above festivals. In my film, we have an additional message needed in our film.
271 ::: "A Day in the Life" (2013/I) ::: family ::: The famous girl and fun girl and funomeless Mallor, finally, with school cowards, Jake, he is celebrated when he witnessed a new girl, Kaira and Kaira back to the alley. When his tyranny teacher ill, the people in the morcelus will receive such a group of friends in Morportation, which will expose jacket and lead him to each other.
272 ::: Harun-Arun (2009) ::: family ::: Aaron Aaron is the story of a child stuck between the differences created by religion. Aaron is a lost Pakistani boy in India; His name was made by the name Arun-A Hindu. He is loved by everyone but when his true identity is detected, the same people pay him away. This movie urges innocence; Children's sympathy has won the affairs of the world. Awards worldwide.
273 ::: Hotel de grote L (2017) ::: family ::: The story is around 13-year-old child. His mother died when his father finished at the hospital, you should combine the family hotel with his three siblings. Kos trying to lead, but cooperation with her siblings is very difficult. He doesn't know so hard about girls as he tries. Around the Esabel, the girl who loves him, he doesn't know that to act. کوس Everything does whatever can save the hotel, but when the lender requests their money, so whatever.
274 ::: DeSales Media Presents: A Christmas Variety Special (2014) ::: family ::: Finally, a special Christmas television for the whole family. Desales Media Presents: A Christmas Special Variety-an exciting, fun, Heartwarming Hour of Holiday Cheer, Music, Laughter, and, of course, the original reason for the season, characterized by Anthony Mangano and Joe Manno. Among the happy moments (and the occasional box) is a Zany house painter on the loose for the holidays, a visit of "Efficency Elf" inept at the Santa workshop with the most difficult elves to work on Southern North Pole, and the wrong disadvantage of one family in the family selection of the perfect Christmas tree in their neighborhood tree lot. The musical points include traditional and other holiday songs, along with a visit with some children who really understand the meaning of Christmas. The program concludes with Yuletide Carols performed outside a church in celebration of the real reason for the season, the birth of our Lord. There is something for everyone in the Christmas variety of special desales media!
275 ::: What's in the Bible? Vol 7: Exile and Return (2012) ::: family ::: Part One: Ezra and New Geneva, Exile, but Israel is facing large interests in Ideha! Israelis returned to Joda to rebuild God's temple - a job full of unexpected challenges. 2- The Queen of the Queen of the Queen of the Queen of the Queen of the Queen of the Queen of Queen, makes the harm to hurt the worst.
276 ::: Thomas & Friends: Merry Christmas, Thomas! (2011) ::: family ::: Thomas lights tracks in magical Christmas collection! Climb for Adventures and Cheer as your favorite engines are preparing for festive celebrations. Help find a great tree in Sododar to Thomas, and then join the Logging Locos while singing Misty Island Snow Song in hopes of Winter Wonderland. When the snowflax is falling, Gordon, Mavis and Percy will take you to the steamwork for a special surprising party. 'Season for Holiday Magic with Thomas and Friends! Episodes include: Let It Snow, Surprise Surprise, Percy the Snowman and Tree Trouble. The UK release includes episodes: The Christmas Tree Express, Ho Ho Snowman, Saltese Surprise, Emily Winter Party Special, Percy the Snowman and Tree Trouble.
277 ::: I Think I Can Be a Doctor, Rise of the Urbanites (2016) ::: family ::: The film challenged the life of the city's inner city and the lifestyle to meet the teacher of the doctors. This physician teacher takes the stress of urban depression for this child and becomes a doctor. This is an exciting image, which will definitely give insight and encouragement to any young man who is likely to be great, but from the backward environment.
278 ::: "Cine de Gala" (2015) ::: family ::: Our hosts, Roberto Hoicocha, Patti Cardona and Consollo Vega, introduce classic films from the Golden Age of Mexico cinema and offer them with fun facts and things you don't know when filming. Cine de Gala offers its videos in the new high -quality version.
279 ::: The Big Auto Plant (2001) ::: family ::: The large car plant is a live action adventure that brings children around the world to the design studios and the engine plant in Stuttgart, Germany for the ultra-modern assembly plant in the Tuscaloosa County, Alabama to see, like a Mercedes-Benz M- the class -SUV was designed and built. The video shows how the car is created by the engineering and assembly process from a sheet of paper. There is even a special animation section about how an engine works! Other parts of the program show the wind tunnel, the crash tests and even a wild journey on the outside route. The video was shot digitally in Germany and the USA. It shows the fascinating story of how a modern automobile was designed and built. Children can see how hundreds of people work together on two different continents to create a new car.
280 ::: Maa Nanna Chiranjeevi (2010) ::: family ::: CHIRANJEEVULI was a wealthy landowner and farmer, but his more educated wife, Nirima, wastes an investment scheme resource. His wife has been reduced to Penury, and she wants to give him a good education with her son, Vishwanato, but (he goes with a short name, his son is his son. I think it's a hero. He told the boy that he was working for CID, and in his work, and where he was forced to live in his secret mission. Masu.
281 ::: "Marilu's Simple Good Food" (2016) ::: family ::: In the first show of the series, "Marilu Henner" (QV) prepares a special Caribes with sausage, bacon, sweet and subsequent layer of her children, who suffer from college; And lunch of hot salmon on the spinach-Arugula salad for her friend, adding radio "Lisa Gibbons" (QV). Also: a family barbecue is served on the deck, which includes Türkiye and Puertopilo Burger; Marcelo shares the ideal Gocantol.
282 ::: Styrmand Karlsen (1958) ::: family ::: The first partner Nood Carlson has received sad news from his girlfriend. The ship is also a complete herd of chef waldamer, sailor hale, owner's confident son Robert and curious sailors. Every minute plays a play on the board, the climax of the film ends when the board caught fire
283 ::: "Chief Halftown" (1951) ::: family ::: The Chief Halftown show was the longest running show from Philadelphia for children. The show was first broadcast on Wfil in 1951 and then WPVI, where it ran until 1999. The chef would appear in full Indian robe and discuss tribal customs and folklore, as well as entertainers of all diversities during his 1/2 hour show. His classic characteristic slogan was (phonetic) "Eeees Dah-Sah-Suss-a-Way" who, according to the friend of the chef Sally Starr, a co-guest of the children's show in Philadelphia, means "let's start."
284 ::: "Crunch Time" (2016/II) ::: family ::: Starting time is a zesty lifestyle program for twens. The program is fun full of fun, rip roaring of exploding entertainment on your screen while discovering loads of fresh things about food, games, sports, being active and basically living. In every episode, The Crunch Time hosts two young guests from our audience. They always have special talent to show.
285 ::: Brothers of the Wilderness (1984) ::: family ::: The "desert brothers" is a family adventure looking for gold in the hearts of people. A young family separated, traveling with a country's mutual trip, and their little son is separated from them in the mountains with an almost widespread traffic accident. She is friendly with a big “dog” - wolf, mara - who belongs to an old landscape with over enough gold, but a hole in her heart is: literally, and for her family many years ago he lost. The old man decides to find the parent's parents, but his gold attracts the attention of the two views of Greenhorn, Bernie and Len. When the old man dies of a heart attack, he leaves the boy alone - and with his gold map - the boy alone goes to seek his parents. Only the wolf dog stands between the boy and the two greedy men.
286 ::: "Telemoda" (1985) ::: family ::: The series takes place for 26 weeks and it was made up of 26 shows of 24 min. each. In the shows, Bruno Pischiutta interviewed personalities from the Toronto fashion industry: designers, creators, store owners, tailors and seamstresses, models, etc. The goal of the show was to bring to the two hundred thousand Italian houses in Toronto, Ontario, the best of what the fashion industry had to offer. Children's fashion, nuptial fashion, fashion for men and women, formal and relaxed was presented each week with great success. The name of the show was TeleModa which translates into English by fashion television. Later, the show was imitated several times in Canada and abroad.
287 ::: The Monday Club (????) ::: family ::: The Monday Club is an inspiring and friendly story of the family about the deep division within American society of African origin during the sixties of the last century, as it was narrated through the conflict between the father, and the followers of Dr. Martin Luther King, the son and son, who is an activist in the black strength movement.
288 ::: Finding Family (????/II) ::: family ::: After not being pregnant for years, Daniel and her husband Alex decided to adopt a baby through foster parents. A few days later, the Child Protection Service (CPS) calls to take three older children, Haime, 11, Trevor, 13, and Crystal (16 years old).
289 ::: Swieta Rodzinka (????) ::: family ::: There is a family. Mom - Journalist, Father - Photographer, Grandma who loves to disappear and the youngest of Tadzio. The family lives on their way, as every family does. But they reach the challenge one day and change their lives completely. But the power of the family and the magic of Christmas helps them survive.
290 ::: Johnson & Friends: Songs from the Toybox (1995) ::: family ::: Johnson, pink elephant, Alfred hot water bottle, dieselza dump trucks, McDuff concerts, Zalobot, and Victoria Zaficaia have won dinosaur stars with their own music videos. Participate in toys, sing all your favorite songs in this popular TV series, and embark on four Madcap Escapades in Michael's bedroom.
291 ::: Ricky & Melinda (2014) ::: family ::: Ricky and Melinda live a world that is clearly American and Latin. The main characters in the film have difficulty fitting. Ricky and Melinda are rejections, alone or misunderstood and exist in a world that does not recognize them. Ricky and Melinda do not have real parents to know, except grandmother whose commitment is for them. Ricky likes school and dance and has a bad game habit that sometimes has problems. His goal is to win and save enough money to visit a lost mother a long time ago. Melinda has no skills, he can barely maintain a job, he has bad temper, he is alone and finds emotion in knowing new boyfriends online through the Internet. Some of these boyfriends are not good. Everything changes when the corrupt ex Memo of the uncle of the uncle of Ricky and Melinda is released from the prison and comes to live with them. Memo has ideas for quick and easy to earn money and push your own family. Their lives change forever when it is suspected that the note does something in terms of insurance fraud and Ricky and Melinda are forced by circumstances to make the decision to leave Chicago. On their trip to Los Angeles, Ricky and Melinda know a lonely vagraine, an anxiety in charge of Hitchhiker, a major Latin woman who could have lost her son in Iraq, and a black young woman who escapes New Orleans for Vegas who teaches a Small discouragement to Melinda to Melinda. At the end of the film, Ricky and Melinda arrive at Los Angeles with little money and the expectation that everything will work for both of them. Ricky and Melinda think that both have reached the land of promise. They believe that for that moment good luck is on their side and that they will be hugged and their life will be better. They are not ready for the reality that awaits them. In the end, Ricky and Melinda reach an agreement with their own relationship and their meaning. Richard and Melina capture the essence of what people face when they lose everything and what they would do to change that for hope or despair or something better.
292 ::: "Get Fresh" (1986) ::: family ::: Get Fresh was a Saturday morning children's TV program in the UK. Set up in a space space called the Millennium Dustbin weekly the hosts travel to different cities across the country and talk to interesting people, show cartoons and have competitions. Alien of the puppet joined the crew that had less-than-desired manners described by Phil Cornwell who always had a dripping mucus. From his nostrils.
293 ::: The BIG Aquarium (1998) ::: family ::: I have always appreciated that this series does not fill its topic. The big aquarium is no exception. This feature was photographed on the site in Tennsee Aquarium, which is entertaining and educational. Unlike many children's programs, there are no people in idiot fashion, no singing or precious moments. Animals are stars. They are not exciting because "most deadly killings" or "amazing killings", just like wonderful creatures from all over the world. I loved this son when he was four and five years old, and I saw it again and again (in reality).
294 ::: The BIG Aquarium (1998) ::: family ::: I appreciate this time and the order of this article does not be his words. A large bed. Shot and the status AQANSE AQUARIUY, this feature is fun and education. Unlike many children, there are no human clothes, not being the case and bad. Animals are stars. They have no idea as "the killer" or "machinery", as a delightful outfit from the world. My son loves this when he was four and five years, (in fact, we) looked at him.
295 ::: Morita - La hija de Jesus (2008) ::: family ::: It is an impressive story of a 6 -year -old girl who learned from Jesus Christ after his father's mystery and lost, and she gathered the entire town through her religion. Help to propagate. It's a wonderful journey to change your life forever.
296 ::: Christmas Voices (????) ::: family ::: Rich and powerful John overcame the poverty that turned his childhood every day, but at the expense of his family and his own mind. When an accident threatens to claim the life of his wife and two children, John evaluates his life again. In real Dickensian style, this modern Scrooge is stored by the Christmas voices.
297 ::: At the Top of the Pyramid (2014) ::: family ::: At the top of the pyramid is an optimistic, action -packed ensemble comedy/drama about a group of young people who strive to find the courage to follow their hearts. Filled with music, sports, friendship and romance, it was described as Bring it on meetings Friday Night Lights. A dramedy -driven dramedy at the head of the pyramid is a classic teenage ensemble film. The story is warm, but exciting and unfolds in an intensive study by the family; Young social hierarchy in this rare place and in this lifetime and the adults who dare to guide them through them. Although our entry point is the world of high school celebrations, which leads at the top of the pyramid and the resilience of the human mind. Under the direction of our heroine Jamie Parker, we take part in her struggle for the real meaning of courage, trust and friendship while she tries to make it to the top of her pyramid. As a girl's spitfire, she has the skills of the spirit, the sperm and the killer, which she brings to the top in cheering leaders, but after she has suffered a mysterious and devastating fall, her loss of confidence is so serious that her family decides to decide to pull away. A year later, her father is killed and Jamie and her mother are forced to withdraw and face their demons. After returning to Centerville, USA, we meet your group of friends, frice and freelancers. They take us on an urgent, summer end, adventure, form fresh alliances and discover new loyalities. Define and character test problems that have integrity and purpose. Can you hold it together and create it to the top of your individual pyramids? At least before the first day of school ... Although comparisons are justified with other quirky films that are aimed at teenagers, there is a story at the top of the pyramid that is unique for themselves. The characters are brought to life richly and made real; They are familiar and yet unusual; Defiant, but vulnerable; Refreshing, honest, authentic and completely self -contained. The willingness to accept your feelings and ability to confront the differences that make these feelings make us accept your trips, and are what is convinced and entertaining at the top of the pyramid. "It is not what happens or how you feel ... but what you do!"
298 ::: Gum-gam (1985) ::: family ::: The film is based on the nickname of Ave's Waltistov. A schoolboy meets the additional earthly boy named Maxim Gum Game. He came from a blue planet, where children are playing with toys instead of going to school. The gum game is a mission to deliver toys for the earth's children. Everyone is having fun.
299 ::: "Surprises" (2012) ::: family ::: William the wizard and sparkles the fairy fairry couier Digby Digby Digby Digby Digby Digby Digby Digby Digby Digby Digby Digby Digble Digble Digble Digble D Igble Digble Digble Digble Don About a daily surprise.
300 ::: "Jester'Z Improv Comedy Live" (2016) ::: family ::: Jester'z Improv Comedy Live, Vol 1, is a family friendly play that includes improvised style theater games, stand -up comedy and improvised music that is played in front of live audiences. Jester'z, with a short, stage -based scene, confronts everything, including current events, pop culture and hot historical topics. Great fun for all ages. Playing the role of Matt Miss (from Studio C and Sacreds and Soldiers: False) and hosted by Jeff Rawls.
301 ::: Aabhraan (????) ::: family ::: "Abhran" means a colorful colored jewelery against the waist, "Potrj, is one of the major factor of the down -trained community of Maharashtra. They beg in the name of the goddess (Madan) livelihood to live there and people in return She blesses for their offerings so that the goddess takes away the pain and anger from there. Potrj begs the door with a colored cloth around her waist, begging the door with a door, heavy jewelery rhythmic sound in the feet and a hand-drainage (Halgi). But behind this colorful dress. There lies the dark dark side of existence. "The story is about Lakh-Potraj, his wife Lakshmi and his son Arjun. It loves emotional, a well -thoughtful conflict between father and son. Lakha lives with the belief that his son will carry forward his tradition and culture, which is followed through the previous generations, but still he carries the burden of long -lasting customs and traditions, And on the other hand, Lakshmi is fighting against upper caste injustice and is still managing her family. She is also blaming her husband for all the situation, but also knows about her husband's helplessness. While Arjun is still working hard to find answers to his question, "Why is this happening to me?" He barely escapes to escape after a potraj's formation. Will Arjun come back? What will happen to Lakh and Lakshmi after that?
302 ::: Trooper and the Legend of the Golden Key (2012) ::: family ::: The deadliest blood will speak a slowdown, slowly proceeding a natural born dream, dedicated to your "human", old tomie. Tommer, Tommer and their families just went to the new city, but they are a small city to make my million dollars. While Tommy newspapers Delivering signs, the spoilers rescue for his new dog bridge, and always rescue to the best of the power, and now the danger running their way Take! Will Tami and the Toper be able to open a golden key to the fiction 'fiction before it is too late? Will the killer to save to save? One thing for sure ... The blood of bloodshes with the Aperper is awesome, things in the case.
303 ::: Kan du vissla Johanna? (1994) ::: family ::: Young berra has a friend and ULF. ULF has his grandfather, he loves ULF gifts and leads it to fishing trips. Berra has no grandfather, but he is pleasant to him, and he wants to teach her whistles. Ulf knows where to find - at home for the elderly. They go to search together, Berra finds a big bat, zeros.
304 ::: Dikkertje Dap (2017) ::: family ::: Patterson Pops has a good friend: RAF, Giraffe. RAF and pettrateson develops together because Patterson is encountered with zoos and is born in the same way. When they reach the age they should go to school for the first time, they are very eager. The first day Patterson even in his rear includes items in his rear to ensure that the raf is enough to eat. When Patters feels RAF cannot be together in school with him so much. Gradually petrason enjoys the school more than expected and actually makes a new friend: Yas. However, RAF feels left. Fortunately Petratson comes with a long plan to bring to the raf school and unite your two best friend.
305 ::: "Krysta's Kingdom" (2009) ::: family ::: The Krysta with a good heart, interpreted by Erin Lachance, loves all animals, and teaches them not only to specify and count, but also to cook and explore their imaginations. Krysta can make all her friends feel comfortable when she is around them. Children of all ages will enjoy seeing Krysta's trip and adventures. Although Krysta is the only human character in the kingdom of Krysta, her friends show that they have human qualities, which can help children learn valuable lessons. Krysta's kingdom will provide children to escape the world make Make Believe and not worry about anything, but what will happen next. As the adventure continues, children will be encouraged by the changing tide as the characters embark on new trips. Krysta helps all the characters in the gel of Krysta Kingdom together to form wonderful links. Krysta will encourage children to make their own adventures. They want to come up with their own games to reflect what Krysta and her friends have achieved.
306 ::: "Rá-Tim-Bum" (1989) ::: family ::: Produced by TV Cultura in 1989 and aired until 1992. The roadmap was written by a team directed by FLAVIO DE SOUZA, including CláudiadallaVerde and Dionisio Jacob. Veteran actors Marcelo Tas and Carlos Moreno were members of the cast. The director was Fernando Meirels. The formula is bold, has a free frame, innovated children's programming, and is still clogged with stereotyped formula. He won several awards, including gold medals, at the New York Festival. A total of 180 episodes have been re -executed for a long time.
307 ::: "La Piazzetta" (1985) ::: family ::: The television series is made up of 13 24 min Italian language programs. each. Each show presents the imaginary central place of a small village in the south of Italy: on the square, actors, singers, actors, champions of sport and characters typical of the village alternate and perform shows for the Public entertainment present.
308 ::: Kookh (2016) ::: family ::: There is a story of Rudi, a woman who chooses Surrogacy, to satisfy her main need that is pre -financial pre -financial stability and to provide a safe future for her child Mithi. Her husband Kalu is a 'Casanova' who can't care enough about their living. Careless and irresponsible by nature, he departs from time to gambling, flirting, doing nothing at all. A foreign couple, Patrick and Maria, come to India, a city in Gujarat, Anand, by which there is a clinic that specializes in the treatment of artificial insemination, giving hope and opportunity to children without children who choose Surrogen . It is a two -way adjustment where the couple gets a baby and the woman gets very thick. Rudi is known through a source about this option that can give new rays of hope to her child's future and provide financial stability for her family. The following events sees Rudi in the hospital, as Kalu approaches Maria, a frivol romance thrives at the end of it. The roof sees a whirlpool of volatile emotions, with the tragic death of Mithi, Rudi loses control of the situation, feeling completely destroyed. As the couple gets together to start a new tomorrow, to start their lives again, minus their daughter Mithi and their beloved desires they had dreamed of, has been very significantly and delicate towards consumption. Attractive and promising, the story is forced to keep you on the edge and feel the finer shades, thus connecting an emotional chord with its special film and characters.
309 ::: Naanna Nenu Naa Boyfriends (2016) ::: family ::: Padmavati / Paddu (Hebah Patel) is the revered daughter of Raghava Rao (Rao Ramesh). A prophecy prophecy Raghava Rao that she will leave him when he refuses to accept a wish to accept her daughter. As a result, he fulfilled all their wishes from child and never contradicted their wishes. When Paddu grew up, his father chose a man so that she could get married. But she said that she will choose her own husband, and if she only found a suitable match for herself, she will marry the person who has proposed her father for her. As always, Raghava agrees and Paddu begins her search.
310 ::: De Club van Sinterklaas & De Verdwenen Schoentjes (2015) ::: family ::: Willian Corny tries to ruin St. Nicholas Eve because he never had gifts when he was a child. He invents fun stuffed animals called "Mojs" who are made to steal every child's shoes. Will everything be fine before St. Nicholas?
311 ::: Olaf's Quest (2014) ::: family ::: Olaf (Off Free Henderson) is a rude dumb -looking but generous kind of childish young man whose need is a heart for everyone. On this occasion he has that kind of heart for a little girl who lost his teddy bear, Olaf gave it to him, he put himself on an unusual journey, than he expected that the only purity to hear is for him. Can accomplish. Soon will be sent on time by the mystical wizard named Ramsey. Their goal is to clear his reputation among his customers and friends and therefore he takes advantage of Olaf in a very distorted manner, promising Olaf to help his search and in turn demands to clear his name.
312 ::: Living and Working in Space: The Countdown Has Begun (1993) ::: family ::: Life in space. Beam. Intergalactic war. What about obtaining a driver's license or doing laundry? This special hour presents dozens of space professionals - astronauts and life systems engineers to designers of space combinations, interior decorators and "Lunar LAICE Man". A moving story about Jaime Escalante and one of his students (Raymond Cruz) is intertwined with imaginative vignettes that explore humor and the drama of everyday life far from earth. A documentary and a fantasy. Turned on video and the film. The guest stars include Kathy Bates, "Weird Al" Yankovic, Pat Morita, Esai Morales and Billy Bob Thornton.
313 ::: "Magabotato" (2010) ::: family ::: In Entertainment, delicious and unnecessary, casts and magazouts are watching as viewers in the sky. Every event has a game test, the steps step for the picture or diorama block, the story section and a small piece of fun. Brings the world of tablets and small sports to play with sports and newbies one - on changing paths.
314 ::: Vitalii Bianki (1976) ::: family ::: This film is about the lives of animals and plants in the forest. Animals and plants have as many people as people. Every day and every minute the forest population is building homes, families and breeding their infants, just like people. How to learn about this? How can we understand the sound of birds and animals? How can we read their footprints? What does fish do in the winter? How does chicken breathe in eggs? All of this and other things can learn from Vitaly Bianqui "Forest News".
315 ::: Christmas Voices (????) ::: family ::: John wealths and powerful coloring pestacles, blowing is a youngster, and missing his family and spirit. When an accident wears his wife and two children, John declares his life. In the real dickensian saves a scoogle is stored by the Christmas voice.
316 ::: Uphaar (1971) ::: family ::: Anoop studies law in Calcutta, while his widow mother in a small town in West Bengal. He has a sister, Sudha, who is married to Anil and lives in Calcutta. Because Anoop is of marriage, his mother saw a girl in front of him, whose name is Vidya, and is the daughter of Shankarlal. When Anoop returns, she asks him for his approval, but he says he wants to see the girl in the first place. He goes to Vidya and also meets another Belle with the name Minoo. He returns home, his mother tells him that he cannot marry Vidya, but only minoo will marry. His mother reluctantly agrees and the marriage takes place. It is then that they find out that Minoo has no household skills, nor is she trained, nor mature enough to understand her relationship with Anoop. Her only interests seem to steal mangos and other fruit and play with children who are much younger than they do. Anoop's mother is quite worse with her and is forced to keep her under lock and key. When the time comes for Anoop to return to Calcutta, he asks Minoo to go with him, but she refuses. His mother cannot handle her childishness and refuses to let her stay with her. Anoop leaves her behind with her mother, Sharda Awasthi. The question continues to return to her childish ways and for does it forget to have the married anoop?
317 ::: Calling All Zeros (2017) ::: family ::: After the "second year 6th grade" Sam, she stole her meal in the first week of Middle School, Lauren Jeffreis searched other victims, labeled "Zeroos" and formed a supporting group in the backyard Tree House. Meanwhile, Sam's father, a science teacher wearing a bow-tai, "Crazy" Carl, an abnormally intelligent Hillbilly guardian, who is competing for the affection of the Hot New English Teacher/Volleyball Coach. Also, toilet paper flies, mop water splashes and cafeteria food splaters are zeros, and Mr. Carl, who is awkwardly standing up and fighting, learn the difference.
318 ::: "The Bible Boat" (2005) ::: family ::: In this voyage, a classmate convinces Daniel Duck to believe that doing good deeds will win him "Heavenly Points". When Captain Jay shares the good news about the Gospel with him, Daniel resists at the beginning, convinced that he must make his way to heaven. In the meantime, Albi is buying an expensive, old Ebay sea crate. Thinking that she must be full of pirate's treasure, she spends the journey trying to open it through cheerful explosive means. In fact, the longer it is necessary to open, the greater the imaginary riches inside it! Of course, in the end, it is reminded of where we have to store our treasure when it finally opens the thing and looks inside. After attaching himself to the Department of Good Deeds, Daniel eventually realizes that the gospel is a free gift and prayed to accept Christ. In fact, he continues to share the good news with others!
319 ::: "Mr. Dressup" (1967) ::: family ::: In this series, Ernie Coombes organizes this simple protected television as Mr. Dressup. With his puppet friends, originally Casey and his dog Finnegan, he teaches preschool subjects with games, music and simple activities. In order to expand the fun, Mr. Dressup always opened his tickle case, which contains a costume for every role that he wants.
320 ::: Scramble 7 (2015) ::: family ::: Scramble 7 is a super challenging number puzzle. If you are looking for a real brain teaser, this is one. The rules are simple-4-by-4 grid, which you must align, so that the numbers are in order (1 to 16). But you have only a limited number of movements to do this. That means to fix a puzzle, every movement you make is correct.
321 ::: The Windwater Pack: Homebound Drifters (????) ::: family ::: Rugger is nothing special. She never let her forget her litter, "baby" and her litter - especially her only sister - her. It only worsens when their garbage is no longer a buffer between her and the hose bullying. Winter challenges help him find his feet while his new role as an older brother gives him a little need for self-worth. He cultivates Ga Close bonds with his younger brother -in -law, surprisingly with the brother who shares Laila's average ropes. But when the Sian rival begins to smell around the pack, Rugger has to remove his insecurities to prevent his family from permanently dispersing.
322 ::: Ms. Velma's Most Incredibly Magnificent Christmas Week (1976) ::: family ::: Join the universal world church in a wonderful American holiday watch. Including the extroding lighting and the parts located along with extraordinary costumes all designed by Ms. World famous. Follow a celebration of 50 states, with the voices of the state quartet and the singers Miss Velma. Also, a summary in the history of Christmas followed a tribal dance (and the sharp exposure of the shoot) made by Mrs. The wonderful veil, after which she plays the piano of the hand. Mrs. Velma's Chrushmas in America (A.K.A. The most wonderful week of Christmas of Mrs. Velma) is today considered a masterpiece in all things like-Bad-Qat-Its when it is about the Christmas season.
323 ::: "Food Crawl with Lee Anne Wong" (2013) ::: family ::: Lee Ann travels in New York for noodles and DUMP children. The place where you visit includes a DUMP child of Vanessa in the low werviside for pork and chame DUMP children, Park Slapb Brooklyd for Pretzel DUMP Child, ramen bowl, and bian! Wash off the spicy cumin lamb with broken noodles and chewy fragrance, rinseed green glass noodles and chicken Schmai's Hurricane Club Uptown, Williams Burgbrine Smoggus Burg YUJI Ramen's Mazeman (Sursless s Ramen) and Sesame Nedle of SHORTY TANG & SONS's SONS.
324 ::: Techno Twins (????) ::: family ::: Techno Gemini follows the adventures of a great young boy and a super advanced (but difficult social) droid. Built by his father, his sole purpose is to protect him from the unnecessary plot of the most insecure vowers in the world. After all, the son, the robot and the father become a close "family".
325 ::: The Sound of Life (2008) ::: family ::: A young Harry Potter fan lives in Ras Al Khaimah and works in a mosque. One day he decides to watch a Harry Potter film. Unfortunately, the film is no longer displayed in the theater in Ras Al Khaimah and he has to travel to Dubai to view it. At the same time, he must be back in time in the mosque to announce the Azan (the call for prayer).
326 ::: "Chief Halftown" (1951) ::: family ::: Halftown's main show was the longest show in Philadelphia for children. The show was first broadcast on WFil in 1951 and then WPVI, where he ran until 1999. The president will appear in full Indian clothes and discuss tribal habits and folklore, as well as artists of all diversity during his display for 1/2 hour. The classic Catchphrase was "Eees Dah-Suss-A-Way", which means according to President Sally Star friend, a host of a children's colleague in Philadelphia, "Let's start."
327 ::: Crowning Jules (2017) ::: family ::: Jules is a brighter and cheeky 17-year-old who desperately wants to leave her family's alumni traditions behind in the middle west, but Jules is forced to reach a ride with her twin sister with her twin sister to drive with her twin sister nemesis , Madison, who goes to a beauty competition. Her road trip revolves around a curve when the tea age of teenage is unwittingly owned by a stolen jewel and are persecuted by dangerous thieves.
328 ::: "Annabel's Kitchen" (2011) ::: family ::: Annabel and her team are here to take you and your children on the culinary journey of searching and bring to win solutions that win solutions in a humorous and lighting way, proves that cooking is really a child game. Annabel is to order his stylish grass materials and find the perfect perfect recipe for each occasion. All of them are looking at the singing commentary on kitchen activities, Candis, Dionne and Lola - the most pampered in the earth, three of the in vain and Ditsi princess cupcakes. Finally, Jimmy's excellent mechanical aids are made for Annabel. Each cooks dream, fruit 'N' Vegetabilizer, which takes into the shape you want to shatter with pieces, diaise, chops or any fruits or vegetables. Kucatran is a fraudulent oven, where food is cooked in seconds. In the end, the ultimate food critic, delicious scrumbe-o-meter, which sniffs food for delicious. Every week, the children come with Annabel in her loft apartment and help the host of the host of Annabel, Jimmy, pearl and lively guest characters to entertain a different dietary problem. Children will see and learn, Annabel makes what she likes- to make children their favorite meal and try something new.
329 ::: Hamare Tumhare (1979) ::: family ::: The widower Jaiiraj Verma lives with his four sons in a small apartment. Three of his sons are in his teenage years, while his younger son is about 12 years. On the other hand, there is a Maya Sinha, a widow who also lives in a small apartment with three children, two sons and a daughter of Komal, who is about to marry. Then there are rumors spreading that Maya and Jaire have an affair, and this adversely affects Komal's marriage, leaving her angry and confused. Jaire and Maya's attempts to peace their respective children that they are husband and spouse are not helpful as they are convinced that Maya and Jaire have an illegal affair. The only solution to terminate this dilemma is to get jaith and Maya to live together as a family, but will the children and the community accept them as a husband and wife?
330 ::: "Barkitecture" (2005) ::: family ::: Barkitecture receives families who bark on the right tree! Each episode is the Rags to Riches Story for an oncoming dog who finds a permanent home and a family that welcomes the new pet in his life. The hosts Dr. Karen Tobias and Kenny Alfonso go around the family through the adoption process and help them prepare for the dog's home return. Dr. Karen uses his experience as a veterinarian to give family tips on how to take care of their new friend and teach them how to choose the best deliveries. Kenny designs and builds a stylish, personalized dog house that is safe and functional.
331 ::: I Love Airplanes! (2009) ::: family ::: Let's join Mati on an exciting journey to the world of airplanes! Children of all ages who feature the fastest modern jet and colorful old airplane will enjoy this DVD for hours! "I love airplanes!" Features: The actual sound when the plane starts, take off, lands, and has fun aerobatic! An interesting and educational fact about each airplane with fun classical music! All airplanes indexed in the chapter, so you can easily find your child's favorite airplane!
332 ::: Bettada Jeeva (2011) ::: family ::: These were the days when the Indian freedom struggle against British rule gained momentum. Young Shivaramu moves from one place to another that builds awareness about the struggle, and avoids it clearly checking the police. On one of these occasions, it loses its way in mountainous terrain and dense forests. Local residents bring him to Jobalia's house in Kiliblo to spend that night. In respect of loving pleadings, it remains for a few days. His exposure to various aspects of life in these few days is revealed to a new world in front of him. Beautiful minds for people who live in hills and forests; Their innocence - hospitality - original wisdom - rituals - culture; Their living in harmony with nature; A simple life from Jobalia and his wife Shankari; Their interests and interest in the people around them; The success of the spirit of the spirit of adventure in Jobalia in developing a beautiful Katomol farm in the same forest area, even in the face of the challenges made by nature; Gopalaiyah enthusiasm for life even in old age; Shankari is eager to see her only son Shampoo that lives away from them for a long time; Jobalaya hurts her feelings for the same reason; The way the different characters open to Shivaramo about shampoo - each with his work/guess, fear, and a sense of guilt that leads each of them to meditation; - All of this brings a new awareness to Civaramo and help him understand the true meaning of life and life. This Bettada Jeeva movie is an attempt to capture these complex issues that enhance human relations ties.
333 ::: Onneli ja Anneli (2014) ::: family ::: Jill and Joy find money on the street and buy Mrs. Rosebud's house. The house is custom made for two girls. Jill and the joy begin to enjoy the summer of their lives and meet two wonderful neighboring ladies Tinglestein and Tandglestein.
334 ::: Strawberry Summer (2012) ::: family ::: Beth Landon High School teacher puts herself in line when she invites world -renowned singer Jason Keith to perform at the strawberry festival of her rural city. A wonder with a blow with a terrible representative to cancel the performances and copy a stay, Jason is not what Beth's mother, Eileen, considers a reliable musical act for the beloved festival, which she is waiting for proudly with her good friend Ruth. Beth, reigning as the Queen of Strawberry, tries to adhere to her favorite singer, but when she finally meets Jason face to face, it becomes clear that it will not be easy. But after the image of Jason's Rock Star, he is hiding a secret to his past that can return his tanks career. Together with his manager Ray, Beth persuades Jason Gig Festival is a great way to revitalize his career and win his audience appeal again. As Jason spends more time with Beth, his attitude begins to fade as everyone encourages the other to realize their deepest dreams as talented musicians.
335 ::: "Brooke & Carly" (2016) ::: family ::: Misadventures of Brooke & Carly is a spin-offs of the well-known family comedy series in Grandpaville, created by Michael T. Lombardi. In the premiere presentation of the series, Kincaid (Michael T. Lombardi) has left Grandpaville to start a new job as the director of the Westmore Preparatory School in New York City. But Kincaid takes the shock of his life when Brooke (Hannah Perreault) and Carly (Sydney Bradshaw) appear on campus as new transfer students. These two mistakes have moved to New York, somehow managed to accept admission to Westmore and quickly become a thorn on the Kincaid side.
336 ::: Welk liedje zal ik zingen? (1973) ::: family ::: 50 minutes of TV shows that Mandor Burman welcomes Santerlas. He sings some songs with director, the head of the fire, the authority, the authority of Kerlol and Kambu, the bannerin 'Banryn' Banryn 'Banry and the Kambu, the Border Verene'. Are.
337 ::: "Cassandra" (2017) ::: family ::: Cassandra is an average teenage girl with a soldier father, a hurried mother, a little brother and a gay friend who is in love with Captain Hook. Cassie is also a Catholic and counts her priest to her closest allies. But something has changed. Something real, very big. Cassandra can see gods.
338 ::: Harun-Arun (2009) ::: family ::: Harun Arun is the story of a child caught among the differences created by Dharma. Haran is a Pakistani boy who is lost in India; His name is wrong for Arun-e-Hindu name. He is loved everyone, but when his real identity comes out, the same people push him away. The film that urges innocence; The compassion of children in the affairs of the world has won many hearts; Globally Awards.
339 ::: "X-Tudo" (1992) ::: family ::: His first edition was attended by actor Hercon de Abreu and X dollhes' presentation, which is engaged in daily subjects and curiosity. Marcelo Mansfield, Oscar Simch, Oscar and Sherazad, like Serazad, Serazad were participants in Serazad, and young interviewer Rafael Barioni
340 ::: Udensbumba resnajam runcim (2004) ::: family ::: The parents of the two sisters went abroad to make a living, so the girls need someone to take care of Martha and Linda. For that they have their dictatorial spinster aunt, who wants to get married and have sympathetic to the jewelery io. Meanwhile, Martha is working hard to get a promised puppy, but her plans are damaged because she is strongly desperate for her aunt's dogs. So, relationships between girls and their aunts become really tense. Up to the perfect plan of sisters - to get rid of her aunt.
341 ::: The BIG Newspaper (1998) ::: family ::: Part of the awarding, a small mammoth of the garden of older adventures! Follow the scenes in America's largest newspaper - today the USA! See journalists see a white house, a large league baseball game and a road and a new sports car! Know how the photo gets on paper and how printed plants are printing newspapers around the world! Know how everyone works to get the latest news to millions of readers every day! "We have a" big "series and my children like them. They are educated and entertaining - even for adults. - tr
342 ::: Guerilla Guide to Politics (2004) ::: family ::: The guerrilla guidelines for politics (GGP) is a hip, energy-consuming and disrespectful look at how young people can be involved in the democratic process. Instead of being sermon, it appeals to the audience with a friendly joke and enables them to practice their bourgeois muscles. The show divides complicated civic lessons into manageable segments and underlines practical topics such as registration, coordination and contacting civil servants. Guerilla Guide never loses his young audience by using a most modern sound route, quick cuts and high -performance graphics.
343 ::: Vakantie in eigen land (2011) ::: family ::: Joep Slaves is a terrible property, his spoiled rotten wife, Claire Wastes, and their simple Brat Saskia, who cares only for ballet classes. However, his dangerous investment company based on multiple "tax evasion" has already had a problem with tax services, and now Alex, a client, a contractor and father of Sascia's balletome anowl, is violent. I don't forced money to use Goon Logie. As with Jope's lawyer Charles and Claire, the adultery lovers do not help. John runs with his family who has been threatened by "holiday" to the abandoned cottage of his deceased parents. So they meet the Lascal Tem gypsy family and develop a new and materialistic appearance in life.
344 ::: Morita - La hija de Jesus (2008) ::: family ::: The moving story of a six -year -old girl who, after the mysterious lost by her father, is motivated to learn and get closer to Jesus Christ and through her faith makes the whole city come together to help her make a radio broadcast of the gospel. It's a wonderful time trip that will change your life forever.
345 ::: The Great Pumpkin Ride (????) ::: family ::: It is a well -known fact that the ghosts walk along the path to the alley of Pumpkin along with the townspeople of River Bend during the great pumpkin trip all over Hallow. Who, or what will join the great pumpkin trip this year, is the subject of a lot of debate. When Linda Linda McCloud talks about her brother and friends in a camp in the Cabaña del Viejo Trapero in the forest on Halloween night, they are not prepared for what happens next.
346 ::: "Pozdrav iz Beograda" (1993) ::: family ::: A weekly family series, live via satellite from the Sava Centar TV Belgrade, Channel 3 Studio, aimed at Serbian and Yugoslav immigrants in Europe and North America. One of the first live TV series in Yugoslavia, which is broadcast on the large number of people who live outside of their homeland.
347 ::: Uphaar (1971) ::: family ::: Anoo studies the right to Calcutta, while his widowed mother in a small town in Western Bengal. He has a sister, Sudha, who is married in Anil and lives in Calcutta. Since Anoop has a marble age, his mother saw a daughter for him, whose name is Vidya, and is the daughter of Shankarlal. When Anoo returns home, she asks him for his approval, but he says he wants to see the girl first. He will see Vidya and can also meet another beauty by the name of Minoo. He returns home, told his mother that he cannot marry Vidya, but will only marry Minoo. His mother reluctantly agrees and marriage takes place. It is then that they discover that Minoo has no household skills, she is also not educated, nor mature enough to understand her relationship with Anoo. His only interests seem to steal mangoes and other fruits, and play with children much younger than her. Anoo's mother is quite exasperated with her and is forced to keep her under rental and key. When the time comes for Anoo to return to Calcutta, he asked Minoo to come with him, but she refuses. Her mother cannot manage her childhood and refuses to let her stay with her. Anoo leaves her accordingly with her mother, Sharda Awasthi. The question remains that Minoo will come back to his childish manners and forget to have married Anoo?
348 ::: The Compass (2015) ::: family ::: Before being deployed in Afghanistan, Jim's father gives his teenager's son a mysterious compass. It's a summer time, and the family has just moved to Jim's grandfather's house. To keep the gym busy for the rest of the summer, his mother gives him admission to the play class in his new school. There she meets Marti (a Jewish boy who is constantly roguer), Madison (the girl is attracted to the gym), Mr. Morris (a drama teacher who is obsessed with finding the treasure of Pirate Kirk), Lea (Anorexic who Stand Bha. Being parented), Caleb (who peacefully suffers from family abuse) and other students. As Jim starts to form these relationships, things get out of its control. At the top of all the chaos at home, Jim's father is missing in action. The gym is completely messy and lost. Only when he turned to the compass he gave to him, does his life begin to explain ...
349 ::: American Black Beauty (2005) ::: family ::: Sheryl Birutswick is 16 years old, rich and new orphans. Not at home and no one has looked at anyone to anyone, but there is a great confidence. The Tim and his daughter, the law and the daughter of the granddaughter, live in many ranches with three horses. They love their small agricultural communities and look around to people around you with love and respect. Tim will even help other farmers by giving them rights to some of their crops. The only problem is that Tim is short, because he knows that he could lose his home because they do not pay $ 25,000. Cheryl knows what he needs money and to help him to keep his new family home. During this time, Ceril will overcome fear and communicate hard with one of the first names of Tim; Black beauty.
350 ::: The Sims 3: Pets (2011) ::: family ::: Your sims may finally have pets with this expansion pack. Play as horses, cats and/or dogs. Train your pets, help them with their needs, roam around the new city's new town Apalosa plains, new enthusiasts, with the hope of finding Unicorn. You can also get unexpected pets like birds or turtles. "Life is better with them!"
351 ::: Where the Fast Lane Ends (2017) ::: family ::: Where fast lane ends - movie, rated family friendly (how rare these days), about a family in Atlanta, in Fast Lane, losing touch with their children, is invited to return to the roots of the farm, return to the roots of the farm , And see how family families change for better. Support by National FFA! You have to watch this film !!
352 ::: Izpiti po nikoe vreme (1974) ::: family ::: First story, "temptation": two children find a wallet. They are very happy. Little Marko treats everyone with ice cream, soft drinks and cakes. His older brother Slavcho insists on finding the owner of the wallet. Together with your boyfriend, a son of a lawyer, they visit people who are listed on a piece of paper in the wallet. After all, the children discover that the owner is the lady next door, Ivanova, who always shouts and complains about her constantly with her parents. They give her back the wallet and only get a lot of allegations in return. Second story, "Violin Reazal": Mitko, son of the Penchews, takes violin lessons. His mother believes that he has a talent and wants him to become a great musician. But Mitko does not want to play and talks about his younger name Little Mitko to take part in the violin hours instead of him. Finally, your secret plan is unveiled during the school concert. Ms. Pencheva does not change her opinion - and buys a piano. Two novels that are united through common characters and a never saved problem: the collision between the sincerity of the children and the heartless pragmatism and the ambitions of adults. The film consists of two novella. The Firs novella 'temptation' is about honesty. The filmmakers are sure that this is a congenital characteristic of a child, but it depends on adults, regardless of whether it is preserved or dies. A five -year -old boy finds a wallet full of money. He and his friends are now facing the choice of using it to buy their favorite sweetness or find the owner. To be honest, but her fat neighbor Ivanova, the owner of the wallet, who was found after her violent inner struggle, cannot estimate her gesture and steps a number of Leva (a dollar) that were spent on cake. In the second Novella 'Violin Concerto', two boys promote a brilliant defense against the widely brought up ambitions of their parents: a child who is not willing to become a musician is forced to play by his ambitious mother. However, children are smart, inventive and do not easily give up. Another visits violin lessons about the first one who prefers to paint, whose mother does not notice where his talent really lies. The deception is finally discovered. The little culprits are punished, but they have won a real friendship.
353 ::: Anolkhi Hey Ghar Maze (2009) ::: family ::: Relationships are determined and the elements of these relationships are kept together due to the strong strings of faith and love. But for a long time when any kind of business or transaction begins in such beautiful relationships and relationships, these strong strings catching these relationships begin to weaken. The causes are small and they are essential to the overall idea of ​​each person's perspective, considering that relationships are more valuable than relationships. But whenever there is such a situation .It should be handled with much transparency instead of being excited, this can lead to the decomposition of these complex relationships. Based on this theme, the story of "Anolhe That Home Maze"
354 ::: "Die Pfotenbande" (2011) ::: family ::: "Die Pfotenbande" discovers the world of pets for children through the eyes of our hosts Emma (7), Lilli (12) and Luna (13). The three girls are daughters of the popular German actor Til Schweiger. What do I have to know if I get a puppy? How do I have to feed my baby guinea pigs? What can I do if my pet is lost? Schweiger girls answer all the questions that everyone wants to know about pets and animals.
355 ::: "Evropa, bre!" (2014) ::: family ::: Each of the 26 cases are dealing with a different position of 26 cases we are familiar with the European Union integration, but with good things in Serbia. Sal language students, Hakim Hartman, reached a stuttagert for professional growth opportunities. Our heroes face prejudice about the European Union, but their own self.
356 ::: "Chief Halftown" (1951) ::: family ::: Halftown's main show was Philadelphia's longest show for children. The show first airs on WFil in 1951 and then WPVI where it ran until 1999. The head appears in the entire Indian patch and discusses habits and tribal folklor, as well as animators of the features of all diversity during its 1/2 hour show. The words of his classic trademark cut were (phonetically) "Eeees Dah-Sah-Suss-a-Way" which according to Chief's friend Sally Starr, their children's hosts in Philadelphia, means "Let's get started . "
357 ::: "My Animal Friends 3: Underwater Mission" (2015) ::: family ::: Twenty -six amazing underwater stories for the kids, narrated by Sarah, Max, and their integral friendly submarine, but the "sea turtle" are narrated and narrated. Young viewers are attracted to these great sea adventures, where stunning images show the hidden worlds of action and beauty. We meet with all the favorite seafood and discover their watery houses.
358 ::: Anolkhi Hey Ghar Maze (2009) ::: family ::: Relationships and elements of these relationships are allocated together due to the strong tendons of confidence and love. But in a lot of time when any kind of business or transactions begin in such beautiful relationships and relationships, these strong strings that keep these relationships begin to weak. The reasons are trivial and all that it requires is general thinking from each perspective, taking into account that Notegings are more valuable than relationships. But when any such position arises, the maximum transparency must be dealt with instead of excitement, otherwise this may lead to the disintegration of these complex relationships. Based on this topic, the story of "Anolkhe He Ghaze" revolves around
359 ::: Police Lines Ek Purna Satya (2016) ::: family ::: Rose stayed in a police colony about 20 to 25 years ago because his father and his brother worked for the police. He returned from abroad for years, thinking about the day he spent there, and thinking that nothing has changed for years has not changed. Many young stars hold their homes to see if they want to take this career, but their problems begin here.
360 ::: Family Katta (2016) ::: family ::: 'Family Kata "is the story of a piece of family, in the leader, a couple of their children and grandchildren are located in various cities and time in different cities. The house has lost contact from the past because of frustration of frustration from the past. It is still closest. This is the intention of the whole family together for the ceremony of the anniversary. I will also forgive each other and then forgiven the opportunity to keep their daughter's wishes. Things, although the land planned and maea The dream is not going to be a dream that the first day is severely tested. The film sends a positive message about families and in spite of the previous shipment and with the world's teaching request.
361 ::: Kadhaveedu (2013) ::: family ::: "Kadhaveedu" is a sacrifice to the Malaya awarded to Shorthabasha (Malayi declared a classic language in 2013) and as a single creature, as a creature, three different stories by Doyans of Malayalam - Vaikkom Muhammed Basheer, M T Vasudevan Nair has been provided. And madhavikutty. "Kadhaveedu" shares the beauty, shame and importance of marriage, which is presented from the point of view of his main character, a filmmaker seeking to answer a very personal question ... "Kadhaveedu" in almost every aspect of marriage And marital life is placed. The love and hatred that deals with marriage, the inequality of individual tastes, the feeling of losing a partner's death, and more discussed in the film. The film disrupts the realities of the house and zoom in on the proximity as well as the distances that are part of any relationship, plus the final breakdown and damage that is sometimes integrated to marry.
362 ::: Johnson & Friends: Songs from the Toybox (1995) ::: family ::: Johnson, the pink elephant, the Alfred hot water bottle, the diet of the landfill, the McDuff the Concertina, the Squeaky The Robot and Victoria The Dinosaur Star in their own music video. Join the toys while they sing all your favorite songs from this popular television series and go into four Madcap Escapades in Michael's bedroom.
363 ::: Golden Shoes (2015) ::: family ::: What is there in a time when our nation needs inspiration, what is needed to bring us together and to give us hope? The eight -year -old Christian Larou (played by Christian Koza) is about to be the biggest challenge of his life. The hopeful youth is a dreamer, since he was a young boy, he has dreamed to become a great football player like Cristiano Ronaldo. Unlike other young boys, Christian believes in his heart and soul that he can be the best football player in the US and plays for the national youth team. But first he has to overcome the impossible. The Golden Shoe Football Film is inspired by children who, through their love for sport, find a way to deal with bullying and intolerance. Christian's character is bullied by both children and adults and his friendship with Julian, the keeper (played by Aedin Mincks of Disney's Ant Farm) helps Christian get through these difficult times. Can the journey from Christian to the top of the football world make him the new Cristiano Ronaldo? Will Christian eventually find his way and inspire a whole nation in a time of need? The Golden Shoes Soccer film is people like Rudy Meets Bend It Like Beckham. It is full of emotion and turns and will all get the audience for the children's star who may inspire us all. The Golden Shoe Football Film is released in 2013 and contains an All-Star cast including Eric Roberts, John Rhys-Davies, David Delijise, Vivica A. Fox, Dina Meyer, Christian Kaza, Joshua Morrow, Montel Williams and Aedin Mins. Don't miss this great film and discover whether Christian Larou's dream comes out to be the new Cristiano Ronaldo!
364 ::: "Romper Room" (1972) ::: family ::: Breaking Room began in Canada as regional television programs in 1954. First of CKLW-TV in Windsor, Ontario, with the hosts Ardis Kenaly and Asselstine Flora. Other regions continued, including CJCH-TV in Halifax Nova Scotia in the 1960s with the host Jo-Anne Lawson, who moved to CHSJ-TV in Saint John New Brunswick during the 1970s; CHCH-TV in Hamilton Ontario; CHBC-TV in Kelowna, British Colombia organized by Betty Pavle; CJAY-TV in Winnipeg, CKVR-TV in Barrie, Ontario organized by Miss Lois "Lois Welsman and CFCF-TV in Montreal. In Newfoundland and Labrador, there was a regional version in CJON-TV (NTV) in St. John's, and another regional version produced in Grand Falls-Windsor that was issued in Toronto broadcast on CFTO-TV. In 1972 Bremble Room was produced nationally by CKCO-TV in Kitchener, ontarium, which ended the regional versions. Diane Ippesiel and Finally, Fran Pappert. The show ended in 1992.
365 ::: A Belle for Christmas (2014) ::: family ::: When a sweet young man and his former sister were caught by their newly adopted puppy Belle on the Christmas festival, when their widow dated daddy was caught by a beautiful golden digger, the children hired their neighbor's friends and set out an courageous rescue mission to save her.
366 ::: "The Bug Diaries" (2019) ::: family ::: Bug diaries is a series of animated comedy for preschools based on smart children's books by the most selling author Doreen Croni and the most sold illustrator Harry Bliss. The show follows a comical trio of exquisite, crawling and strange friends whose little world offers great adventures.
367 ::: Pro Pinball: Big Race USA (1998) ::: family ::: The Big Race USA takes a real pinball table and adds an additional angle with ten balls at once and on high-speed motion blur play. Heavy game areas, unique head-to-head mode, amazingly detailed high-res graphics and Dolby surround sound boasts.
368 ::: "Cine de Gala" (2015) ::: family ::: Our hosts, Roberto Huicochea, Patty Cardona, and Consuelo Vega, introduce the classic films of Cinema's Mexican Golden Edge and present them with funny facts and things you did not know about when he was filmed. I went. Cine de Gala presents its films in a newly restored high definition version.
369 ::: Barney: Let's Go to the Zoo (2001) ::: family ::: Bj makes the journey a photograph, photographing all animals, while the baby bop requires a real elephant to show her doll "Nelly the Elephant". And there is an unexpected guest - Scooter Mcnutty - which requires the zoo for an exhibition dedicated to the nobles of animals: Squirrel! There is an abundance of entertainment of animals and facts, songs and surprises when Barney takes you to the zoo.
370 ::: Dvenadtsat mesyatsev (1973) ::: family ::: The beautiful girl of a woman is unnecessary with her mother's unnecessary mother, who treats him as a slave, he moves to a fool. They both sent it to summarize wood in a new year. While in the forest, the girl finds that bad things happen.
371 ::: Food Fight (1982) ::: family ::: You are a boy named Charley Chucker's fighting. Means the right side of the screen and make your way to the left side, where Ice-cream falls, waiting for you to eat it. To get there, you will avoid the falling or one of the four things or sensitive or sensitive (OSCAR, ANLINEO) who is going to get you. You can pick up a variety of foods to open the screen and discard it to go out in the way, but they can get you the same. If the ice cream is melt before you reach it, you will lose the circle. You will get the head for any remaining food left in the mirror while eating the CONE CREAM CONE. Rightly and the characters make it higher of every high sport. For real circles, you will get easily.
372 ::: Mozhe bi fregata (1980) ::: family ::: The main power of this story is children -a group of mischievous girls and boys who can always play. They find antique Anfora at the bottom of the sea. There is an ANPORa, so you have to have a frigate ship. The captain is empty -handed, and there is a mystery cave that comes out with a full pack. That is the beginning of the search. Children and adults are passionate about it. Instead of the frigate ship, they find the truth: "We don't need much to enjoy."
373 ::: The Big Auto Plant (2001) ::: family ::: The Big Auto Plant is a live adventure that takes children all over the world-from design studios and engine factory in Stuttgart, Germany to the super modern assembly factory in Tusciaosa Province, Alabama-to know how Mercedes-Benz-the SUV category is designed and built. The video shows how the car is created from a sheet along the road through the engineering and assembly process. There is even a special moving section on how the engine works! Other parts of the program show the wind tunnel, collision tests, and even a wild trip on the outdoor test. The video was filmed digitally on the site in Germany and the United States of America. It shows the great story of how to design and build a modern car. Children can see how hundreds of people work in two different continents together to create a new car.
374 ::: A Ghost Tail (????) ::: family ::: Situated in a small town on Oahu Island, this family comedy follows the painful and cheerful adventures of a little boy and his noble dog, as they prove that to make a difference, it helps if you have a small spirit.
375 ::: "What You Get for the Money" (2004) ::: family ::: 'What do you get for money: Homes' is a special opportunity to compare households across the same prices, comparing housing side by side. How much did you pay for your home? Ever wondered what the same money can be purchased in Miami, Chicago, Austin or Manhattan? Select the target price - 200 thousand, 300 thousand, 500 thousand or one million and find out what you can get for your money in the housing markets from the coast to the coast. Homeowners find why they pay what they do for the house and lifestyle they want. All this is a trade - Big City or Small town, new house or old, downtown Loft or three acres of farming.
376 ::: "Krysta's Kingdom" (2009) ::: family ::: He played real Christa, Erin Lahans, loves all animals and teaches them not only and to study and study their imagination. Christa feels comfortable when they are around their friends. Children of all ages see Krysta Voyage and adventures. Although Christa Christa is the only behavior of Christa Krista, his friends proved that their children have human qualities, they help children to learn valuable lessons. Krysta's Koreans did not wear to the world of beliefs and do not worry about nothing. The adventure continues, the children are given together with changing waves, such as characters that visit new trips. Krista helps all the characters of Kristan to form excellent contacts. Christa urges children to make their adventures. They want to make a mirror what Krista and his friends did.
377 ::: The Heart of Summer (2013) ::: family ::: The summer heart is a love story about a young college student, Amari (Lex Kelly-Mail) who, after returning home to South Florida from school in Atlanta, writes a book about an amazing summer experience. Living at college in a Christian house grew up by Jamaica's parents had transformed the identity of his family. Upon returning home, he went to church with his family, where he had a brief treatment of a very beautiful young woman named Naomi Johnson (Naomi Beckham). During a few days of the meeting, both were separated and a natural bond felt that they disobeyed the norm of their existence, one that both never imagined. But Naomi's excessive father, Mr. Johnson (played by Jamaica's veteran actress, Paul Campbell) saw that they would not be easy. Mr. Johnson knows that his daughter is suffering from an inherited situation and she does not want anything or anyone to create any kind of conflict in her life. There is a reason for his madness. But the conflict finds a way to find him through the current Amari girlfriend, Jackie (Ramirez), who decides to mix him in Florida Hot and Steam. Jackie's visit turns everything up, and the drama is clear a few gaps. Both Naomi and Life are trying to find their identity and their way throughout life ... Balance the weight of the family and what they know is true love.
378 ::: "Beyond Black Beauty" (????) ::: family ::: When the small Canadian city, Joanna Greene, wins an unexpected scholarship for a prestigious equestrian academy, soon realizes that it is the last out of water. The link that Jo will form, with its horse jet, will be far more significant, opening deep and shocking secrets buried long-term from the ghosts of their respective past, secrets that allow both the horse As well as the girl understand their truly miraculous split fate.
379 ::: Cristobalito, the Calypso Colt (1970) ::: family ::: The boy from Christbalito Puerto Rico, he met the owner of the Palomino Horse and began to train him to win the local horse competition. In addition to training he finds his place in life and learns the real values ​​of love and friendship. The boy from Christbalito Puerto Rico, he meets the Palomino horse owner and begins to train him to win the local horse competition. In addition to training he finds his place in life and learns the real values ​​of love and friendship.
380 ::: "5 Minute Church with Ishah Wright" (2014) ::: family ::: God came to Earth as Jesus Christ and died to pay the price of our sins so that we could create eternal life in heaven instead of hell. Faith Plus in this grace gives us such a blessed assurance in this eternal life in heaven with God.
381 ::: Faith Case: Investigating the Truth (2009) ::: family ::: This video series turns children into investigators who join the lowering trench, who are lollipop-dependent and the capable Commissioner, meaningless in search of the facts of faith. During the trip, children discover what they believe and why.
382 ::: Een huis in een schoen (1971) ::: family ::: When Sint Nicholaas's steam boat is fitted on the ISSELMEER on her way to the Netherlands, a young girl by the name of Annabel and an old master called Eeltje Steur comes to rescue. When asked what kind of present Annabel would like to receive in her shoe on December 5, she responds "home".
383 ::: Een huis in een schoen (1971) ::: family ::: Sint Nicholaast wants to buy his shoes when he was asked to get a young girl and Annabel, a young girl named Anna-Sur called Anna-Sur.
384 ::: Tiny Miracles (2001) ::: family ::: The history of the Young Orphaned Andy. He dreams of having a real home. With the help of a friend and his magical blanket is placed with the rich sterling family. Finally he finds a home, he has to win the family before the Evil Doreen maid has his way. - - That's when the adventure begins.
385 ::: It's a Hi-5 Christmas (2005) ::: family ::: "It's the season to be happy ... Hi-5 met all Christmas wrapped with the ultimate gift-hours of singing, dancing and fun! Charli decorates the Hi-5 Christmas tree ... Nathan wraps Fun-shaped Christmas gifts ... kelie and chats make Christmas goodies ... team, with the help of Hi-5, sing a special Christmas song ... and Kathleen makes Sandy Snowman's The summer. In addition as an extra special festive care, Hi-5 sings all your favorite Christmas songs at their spectacular Christmas Eve concert. The socks are rising, the lords are out, ir The reindeer are ready and Santa is about to enter the sweat, so it lets you put the heat back in Christmas and celebrate the Hi-5 holiday season.
386 ::: Haley's Flight (????) ::: family ::: Haley, a 12-year-old boy limited to a wheelchair is miraculously endowed with special skills when friendly aliens, named Mic, lives his body after being unloaded on the collision in the world. Battling Government agents, the duo should find the alien ship to save Mic and perhaps all humanity.
387 ::: "L'Évangile en papier" (1975) ::: family ::: The Bible on paper, produced by the Canadian Radio Radio Broadcasting Service, shows scenes of the Bible in a fun way, while respecting the Catholic traditions. The play aims to attain family audiences, with the texts of the writer of art and narration by the host of Gilles Dupois.
388 ::: "Bitworld" (2010) ::: family ::: Incredibly interactive inter -galactic television show for children (often broadcast live), members of District B help adults from Japan to overcome every problem on Earth (and after). Lush with the latest 3D CGI live, "bitworld" uses all types of media (Twitter, the functions of the Digital TV remote control, their own homepage, etc.) to create one of the most with their viewers -Said television broadcasts in Japan.
389 ::: "Gigglesnort Hotel" (1975) ::: family ::: An extremely unusual and beloved children's show starring Bill Jackson of the "Alley de Clown" fame. Each show was dedicated to a "life lesson", such as learning about responsibility, fire security, etc. Jackson would also show his considerable artistic talents, particularly during the segment where he would find a piece of clay called "BLOB" (a real vocal character that mostly made strange murmur noises) and shape him in something.
390 ::: "Die liebe Familie" (1980) ::: family ::: A display of the unspoiled comedy that was aired on Saturday afternoon. Retired education secretary Franz Lafite hosts an open afternoon with family members and guests. Many appearances and political and cultural references are paired with entertainment misunderstandings.
391 ::: Golden Shoes (2015) ::: family ::: At a time when our nation needs inspiration, what will it take to pull us together and give us hope? Eight -year -old Christian Larou (played by Christian Koza) is ready to face the biggest challenge of his life. The hopeful youth is a dreamer, since he was a young man, he has dreamed of becoming a great football player, Cristiano Ronaldo's likes. Unlike other young boys, Christian believes in his heart and soul that he can be the best footballer in the US and play for the national team of young people. But first, he must overcome the impossible. The golden shoe football film is inspired by children who, through their love for sports, find a way to deal with harassment and intolerance. Christian's character is excited by children and adults and his friendship with Julian goalkeeper (played by Disney Anti Aedin Mincks help Christian get through these proven times. Can Christian's journey at the top of the football world make it Cristiano Ronaldo new? Will Christian finish find his way and inspire an entire nation in a time of need? The golden shoe football film is Rudy's likes meetings Bend it like Beckham. It is full of emotions and curves, and will take the audience everyone rooting for the children's star who can simply inspire us all. Golden Shoes football film will be released in 2013 and features a cast of stars, including Eric Roberts, John Rhys-Davies, David Deluise, Vivica A. Fox, Dina Meyer, Christian Koza, Joshua Morrow, Montel Williams and Aedin mincks. Don't miss this amazing movie and find out if Christian Larou's dream of becoming new Cristiano Ronaldo becomes true!
392 ::: I Love Airplanes! (2009) ::: family ::: Join an interesting trip to the world of planes to MATI! The fastest modern streams and oldered old aircraft, children of all ages take part in this DVD for several hours! "I love planes!" Features: real sounds of the aircraft because they start, fly, land and fun aerobatics! Interesting and educational facts about every plan, with fun classical music! Each plane indexed by chapter, so easy to find your child's favorite aircraft!
393 ::: "The Neighborhood Kiddos" (2017) ::: family ::: The school is out and the summer rivalry is in the air. The suburban culture is overcome by a handful of teenage siblings, neighborhood children. As they encounter the differences between the sexes and the rivalry of the brothers, they cause each other with each given opportunity during the endless days of summer. The boys from the counting neighborhood cut him off for them, while the neighborhood girls' squad is ready for any challenge that the boys carry on the plate.
394 ::: The Pastor and Mrs. Jones (2013) ::: family ::: On the occasion of his wedding day, the pastor Jones' will soon be revealed to be a wife to be a wife, and he must reassure her to his affection. Meanwhile, church deats are concerned about its negative impact on poor lectures and church decimal and donations.
395 ::: Lost Stallions: The Journey Home (2008) ::: family ::: After the death of his father, the troubled teenager Jake Gattison travels with his mother to Harmony Ranch, a special refuge for families who are dealing with problems. There Jake discovers a related mind in Troubadour, a young stallion that has lost his mother and behaves, restless and sad. Ranch owner Chief works to calm the uncomfortable horse. Jake witnesses the Determination of Chief with the stallion and starts to see the wisdom in the words and deeds of the old man he can apply to his own life. When Troubadour suddenly runs away, Jake makes his mission to bring the lost stallion home. The Ranchhand Greywolf explains Jake to Jake the Indian legend of Heaven's Pathway, a mountain that is about Harmony Ranch, reportedly a place where wounded souls will find peace. With this knowledge, Jake tells with his new friends Nicki and Isaac, two other troubled teenagers, on a trip to the top of the Hemelweg looking for Troubadour. The adventure challenges the three teenagers like never before. Jake, Nicki and Isaac travel up the mountain with the burden of their weaknesses, fears and painful past. However, they return with their lives forever changed.
396 ::: Kookh (2016) ::: family ::: It is a story about Rudy, a woman who chooses to give birth, to meet her main needs being money/financial stability, and to ensure a safe future of a child. Her husband, Cal, is Casanova, who cannot make their livelihood. Innocent and irresponsible, he keeps gambling, flirting, doing nothing. Foreign couples, Patrick and Maria, come to India, a town in Gwarat, Anand, and have a clinic specializing in artificial teaching treatment, and a couple without children through choosing a child -free couple. Give hope and opportunity to. It is a two -way arrangement where a couple has children and women get a thick amount. Rudi knows this option through information sources, gives a new hope rays in the future of children, and ensures financial economic stability. Subsequent events look at Rudy at the hospital, but as Kal approaches Maria, a frivolous romance thrives at the end of him. The climax has developed emotional whirlpools, and the tragic death of Mishi feels that Rudy has lost the control and is completely devastated. The couples gather and start new things tomorrow, and their daughter, Mishi, and their precious desires they dreamed of, are very delicate and delicate. The fascinating and promising story will keep you at the end, you will feel more nuances, and connect emotional code to the movie and its clear character.
397 ::: Dude, the Movie (????) ::: family ::: The beautiful desert mountains, mothers, her children, family dogs, and men, like Pyson Arizona's paintings, went on an unforgettable camp trip. A terrible car accident quickly turns into a family to be taken to a nearby hospital, but a man rushes into the dangerous desert mountain in Arizona. A man who has been forced to survive on a strange and horrible terrain must leave his instinct in his domestic instinct when fighting for life with wild creatures hidden in the desert. The story of a family that refuses to accept the inevitable things of a precious family dog ​​until it is absolutely forced -the search begins. Families lost in the daily world can find several hours every hour for something unbearable in their hearts. The youngest family of their missing ...
398 ::: Doggie Boogie - Get Your Grrr On! (2011) ::: family ::: Dugie is playing in the hearts of his listeners as they are happy for Bichon Pup, Psalm who has been afraid of the owner and his wife produces their dreams. Cassie for food and mother, who became slaves of the earth and forced Casse to follow the family. Peter Wolfe, Deen is dancing, dreams to win between dog dogs and is blocked with serious risk. Gertede Spinner, who is playing ten dance to the luxury of Davn Dancing the Bible, it will do nothing to prevent them. A yellow yellow and pija makes Cassananda ("healing) as they dance. He breathes in a person's dreams All seems to stop their hearts.
399 ::: Aging and Falling (2017) ::: family ::: It is difficult to be an older adult who has fallen and now there are complications such as pain and stress about it. Dr. Luciana and many experts discuss the problems encountered after falling in older age, including chronic pain and other health complications. Together, experts engage the audience in a range of activities designed to give the elderly elderly, and anyone interested in becoming stronger to avoid falling, how to better exercise to improve behavior and their stability. Vivid discussions as to why older adults fall and in ways to help older adults avoid falling are intertwined with funny segments such as Tai Chi demonstrations. The result is a documentary with fun features to see that it is informative and entertaining for the audience of all ages.
400 ::: Dvenadtsat mesyatsev (1973) ::: family ::: A young beautiful orphaned girl lives with her barbaric stepmother, looks like a servant, and her spoiled stupid stepmother. Both of them send her to collect firewood during New Year's Eve. When in the wild, the girl finds that odd things are happening.
401 ::: "A&C New York" (2017) ::: family ::: Ashley and Carley have made their way together with Dustin to find and inform their audience in the best places in New York. They go to museums and attractions and interviews. They present special stars who sing and dance or organize a comedy routine. You never know what you can expect from you, but you are always in a stupid family time. You have a wonderful title song and wonderful guests. You will keep them captivated and you will fall in love with your youth. Ashley and Carley do some stupid things, but everything in fun and Ashley really likes Dustin, but don't let him know.
402 ::: "Wunda Wunda" (1953) ::: family ::: Wunda Wunda is the name of an early television series for children who was broadcast on King TV channel 5 between 1953 and 1972 in Seattle, Washington. It played Ruth Prins as Wunda Wunda, who read stories and read songs with other characters in the show. She was wearing a princess hat and clown-like makeup, sitting on a magical rug to do most of her show. She had a magical window that she would draw to tell her stories. Regular guests include "Clancy the Clock" (an animated alarm clock) and a puppet show with a face that indicated the start of music time.
403 ::: VeggieTales: The Penniless Princess (2012) ::: family ::: Sweet Sara Crave has everything that a little girl can want - a loving family, a lot of friends and a closet full of frilli dress! But when life takes a turn and the whole goes from the rich to the ravine, would he realize that he does not have the true value, but what is in his heart?
404 ::: Marshall the Miracle Dog (2015) ::: family ::: A 13 -year -old boy at his new school is targeting and feels frustrated until he found that Marshall was cage in a heartbreaking dog. Finn knows that he has to save Marshall, but he has been harassed by other dogs and must see the veterinarian immediately. The bonding of friendship is urgent.
405 ::: Sinterklaas en de verdwenen pakjesboot (2009) ::: family ::: An exciting family film that starts in the castle of Saint Nicolas in Spain. When he and Diego arrive at the harbor, the boat with all the gifts of the children disappeared. A race follows by the time to get the boat back with its load of goodies. An exciting adventure that starts in Spain, brings us about Belgium and the Netherlands, and eventually until December 5.
406 ::: "Die liebe Familie" (1980) ::: family ::: A comedy show is not a script that was broadcast in life on Saturday afternoon. Retired Education Secretary, Franz Lafite, hosts an open afternoon home with family members and guests. Many appearances of Cameo and political and cultural references are compared to a fun misunderstanding.
407 ::: How to Beat a Bully (2015) ::: family ::: This is a family comedy on a topic against bullying. When a new child called Cory moves to a city, it is threatened by school. To protect himself, he does not use his fist - he uses his brain! He was so much afraid that he was beaten and his father is a hit person. The word quickly spreads and attracts the attention of real mobile in the city. Now he has his father! Because of the shaenaniganes between the family and the mobs, the chori should find the way to make things correctly. (Think of "soprans" as "home alone". But without guns!
408 ::: The Essence Awards (1994) ::: family ::: The prize of the 1994 Cancer Payments in their respective landes to the affected airways for their respective achievements and to their communities to subscribe to their communities. Prize Ceremony, the VAINEA WAMS and Certificate Host, Before Star Start Ate Treatment of Start Start Ate Treatment of Start Start Visitor
409 ::: Shannon's Rainbow (2009) ::: family ::: After a family of his father's sudden death, a girl went to the girl with a family, but he lost in his anger and sadness. Her family informs her that her father's spare to let her know that his mother had never knew and was good and good. When he trips to see her, he is a horse trainer, they start to win the most runs and favored, the ownership of icerosteric mugs (eckewrits). Through successful and new friendships take the forms, he learns to learn to find her to return her way.
410 ::: "It's a Living" (1997) ::: family ::: It is a living with the work that Canadians do, and the Canadians who do the work. Every week, our host Peter Jordan proves that he is the hardest -working man on TV by trying all types of jobs that belong to all kinds of Canadians. He finds the humor in some kind of work or humor finds it.
411 ::: "Les Transistors" (1982) ::: family ::: A non-profit association registered under number DX 89330 whose mission it is to promote the miracles of electronics. Since its foundation and probably for a long time, it has only three members: Alexandre (12 years old), Julie (11 years old) and Isabelle (13 years old). This children's series with 6 episodes was broadcast on Radio-Canada on Friday evening at 5 pm, from November 26, 1982 to December 31, 1982.
412 ::: Lost Stallions: The Journey Home (2008) ::: family ::: After the death of his father, the concerned teenager Jake Gattisone and his mother travels to Harmony Ranch, a special retreat for families who deal with problems. There Jake discovers a related spirit in Troubadour, a young stallion who has lost his mother and is unsettling, worrying and desperate. The head of the ranch owner works to calm the restless horse. Jake testifies to the chief's determination with the stallion and begins to see the wisdom in the words and deeds of the old man, which he can apply to his own life. When Troubadour suddenly runs away, Jake makes himself a mission to bring the lost stallion home. The Ranch Hand Greywolf explains Jake, the legend of the Indian legend of Heaven, a mountain that is enthroned by the Harmony Ranch, as a place where there is a confident soul. With this knowledge, Jake with his new friends Nicki and Isaac, two other troubled teenagers, makes you looking for troubadour on a trip to the top of the sky. The adventure demands the three teenagers into question like never before. Jake, Nicki and Isaac travel up the mountain and carry the stress of their weaknesses, fears and painful past. However, they turn changed with their lives forever.
413 ::: Willa: An American Snow White (1998) ::: family ::: Willles report "Snow Hiel" disapproval. The white snow is he is beautiful and wise steered willlla. The seven houses have been changed to the Shakespearean movie that results in movies named Dr. The DwamMyant Irang Tanka, and Dwarf Dwarf called the Bill. They sell the lifestyle and the life of a gross life that is very much changes to old age.
414 ::: Zenith Presents: A Salute to Television's 25th Anniversary (1972) ::: family ::: The Zenith Electronic Corporation presented All Star Variety Show Looking at the first 25 years of network television in the United States. This retrospective has collected many of the most popular names of early broadcasting and included classic film clips, scopes kine, video tape segments, and the personal memories of those who were a vital part of the history of the entertainment.
415 ::: It's a Hi-5 Christmas (2005) ::: family ::: "This season to be Jolly ... HI -5 has concluded every Christmas with the final gift -hours of singing, dance and fun! Charlie decorates the Christmas tree Hi -5 ... Nathan wrap Christmas make good things ... Tim, with the help of HI-5, sings the special Christmas song ... and Cathlein makes the sandy snowflow sand. In addition to an additional special festive treatment, Hi-5 sings all your favorite Christmas songs at its amazing concert "Live" on Christmas Eve. Socks are over, touches outside, and the ringtone is ready and Santa is about to storm sweat, so let's return heat to Christmas and celebrate the Hi-5 holiday season.
416 ::: Gum-gam (1985) ::: family ::: The film is based on the book of the same name by Evgeni Veltistov. Student Maxim meets an alien boy named Gum Gam. It comes from the blue planet where children play with toys instead of going to school. Gum Gam has a mission to deliver toys for children to the ground. Everyone is having fun.
417 ::: "Jay's Jungle" (2015) ::: family ::: Jay's jungle is a preschool series that follows the adventures of Jay the Lighthouse Keeper. Jay lives on a J-shaped island in a lighthouse called Seymore. Every day, his magical light all over the world beams around the world to search for thoughts and questions that are to be researched.
418 ::: "Nanna's Cottage" (2006) ::: family ::: A world traveler and archeologist Abigare "Nanna" Macaron distributes love and knowledge about her grandchildren, their friends, and the importance of personality in Nanna's cottage. All episodes are full of warmth, adventure, fun, music, valuable lessons, and a little magic.
419 ::: The Ten: Covet (????) ::: family ::: The mother of a girl is struggling at high school for her children in the sports championship and ACE exams. But when the mother pays her daughter to do better, she increases her alienation and makes things worse. She will not miss her real daughter's care and affection as noticing her child's private gifts.
420 ::: "The Romper Room" (1964/I) ::: family ::: Romper Room is a pre -school child program (1953) created by Bert and Nancy Claster in the United States, later Australia (1963), Canada (1970), Hong Kong (1965), Italy, Japan (1963), New Zealand, New Zealand. Franchise (1975), Puerto Rico (1971), Taiwan (1972), the UK (1964) -East Anglia by Angria Television. Rosarin Thompson was a Miss Rosalin host from 1964 to 1976. Rose Neil had Miss Rose as Miss Rose in 1977. ), Canada (1970), Hong Kong (1965), Italy, Japan (1963), New Zealand (1975), Puerto Rico (1971), Taiwan (1972), the UK (1964) -Anglia Television East Anglia. Rosaline Thompson was hosted as Miss Rosarin from 1964 to 1976, and Rose Neil served as Miss Rose in 1977.
421 ::: "A Gurls Wurld" (2010) ::: family ::: Ally, Jackie and Emma's plans for a day on the beach turn into a disaster when Damon, Ally's brother, plays with her phone and accidentally drops herself into the chat room. The girls are shocked to hear that their secret has been discovered. The girls succeed in one way or another to convince Damon that what he experienced was the newest in a virtual reality, computer game. But although he accepts their story, he is desperate to go another to play this game. So as soon as Ally's back is turned, Damon steals her phone and invites - to make things worse - his friends to show them what he has discovered. The girls know that they have to come up a plan and implement it to perfection. All they have to do is think one!
422 ::: Adam a Otka (1974) ::: family ::: A ten-year-old man and his little sister Otka, her little sister, four years old, travel to Prague from Vykan village. Their parents went to Hungary to the World Plowing Championship. Children have addresses, but they do not know the way to the northern city. They are in the historical parts of the city, on foot.
423 ::: Soldier of Liberty (2003) ::: family ::: Call in the 2nd Virginia Regiment with a young liberty recruitment soldier investigates the daily life of a soldier on the eve of the American Revolution. March with Nathaniel Hutcheson in the battle for his first meeting with the noise, confusion and the horrors of war.
424 ::: Willa: An American Snow White (1998) ::: family ::: Villa puts the ancient "Snow White" story in 1915 in a real American setting. The jealous queen Regina Adrungton, the beauty of the old age, and the profession of the theater. Snow White is her beautiful and talented stepmother. The cottage of Seven Dwarves has been converted into a traveling medicine show by Dr. Alonezo, a failed Shakespeare actor, and his two odd-ball colleagues are a dancer named Irish Indian and Billy Bug. They sell a high alcoholic compound to the life of Chief Tonka's elixir, which reverses the aging.
425 ::: Santa Switch (2013) ::: family ::: As the Christmas season approaches Dan Ryebeck ("Ethan Erickson" (QV)) faces unemployment and has trouble paying for gifts which, according to him, will impress his two children, Sally (`Annie Thurman '' (QV)) and Joe ('' Griffin Cleveland '(QV)). Always looking for a new business idea, Dan had no time for his family, including his wife Linda ("Anne Dudek" (QV)), who has finally fed up and depositing divorce papers . Menogeée by the beautiful and prosperous of Linda, Trevor, Dan knows that he must make this Christmas the best to resume his family. But after having auditioned for a work of the Santa of the shopping center and quickly lost its cool, Dan is frustrated and broken, blaming the holidays for his troubles. He does not know that his luck is about to turn around when the real Kris Kringle ('Donovan Scott (i)' (QV)) visits him with the North Pole. Deciding to take a vacation and leave Dan in charge, Kris sends her elf assistant who works hard Eddie ('Sean Astin' (QV)) to guide Dan as a new Santa Claus, hoping that he will learn a lesson in the ' Christmas spirit. With the sudden power of impressing Linda and the children by making all the wishes of wild Christmas, Dan launches soon. While the fate of the Christmas around the world rests in his hands, can Dan focus on what his family really needs without doing his biggest concert to date?
426 ::: Headphonics (2010) ::: family ::: This short video is made around many short loops of the home video that is cross-fed and operated by various voice respondent luminosity keys and chrizers. A zone out film. Reflection on my son's growth. This is the fourth of a series of annual videos made with my son. This video was made at the experimental video center of Ovego, New York.
427 ::: Treasure at the Mill (1957) ::: family ::: Fourteen -year -old John Adams only lives with his mother, who works as a cleaning lady for a living. It is now vacation time. John shares his spare time between two activities and helps Mr. Wilson, an old antique dealer who is also his mother's employer, to put his books in order and walk along the pond on the banks of which a charming old mill stands. Now Mrs Adams John has shown a box with a parchment that indicates that a treasure is buried in the mill. The boy has a dream: finding the treasure and buying his deserving mother a house. To this end, he will be helped by Mraryn (16), Hilary (14) and Harry (10), the children of the new owners of an estate through the pond. On the other hand, his plans will be thwarted by Mr. Wilson, who will show his true colors: greed and hatefulness ...
428 ::: Merriment (????) ::: family ::: Non-religious origin of Christmas. When a young woman travels to a frustrated city at the top of the world, she tries to inject some enthusiasm in the hearts and hearts of the city. However, she has met with the resistance of traditionists, whose lifestyle threatens her. Everyone would have a little magic to see the light.
429 ::: The Christmas Project (2016) ::: family ::: The Buckley family, consisting of seven siblings (and baby on the road) and parents, treats the antics of young boys and their struggles with the Hagbart family during the summer, in particular July 4 of the picnic. This film passes in the school year during the Christmas season.
430 ::: A Lionel Christmas 2 (2009) ::: family ::: Christmas memory memories recorded on a series of incredible locations, including Rockefeller Center, a house where Christmas trains and decorations fill each room, a round layout with the Polar Express, the Lionel Christmas Layout on the NBC Today Show, The Christmas, The Christmas Displays At Macy's, Grand Central Terminal and Fao Schwarz. Pure Holiday Enchantment.
431 ::: A Letter for Joe (2013) ::: family ::: Denny Roberts and his college age friends are somewhat jealous of Denny's younger brother Joe, who worshiped them all. The big teenagers considered a disgusting and spend more time to avoid him in their small hometown of Mound City in Florida. With only a few weeks left before returning to the college, Denny hit with an idea, the young pest came out of their hair once and for everyone. Older boys produce a fake introductory letter that provides a fictional friendship between the famous billionaire businessman Howard Hughes and the letter signing. They give a letter to Jok and encourage him to go on what they believe that they are an extensive prank. Innocent Joe thanks to this opportunity and his Las Vegas spends all his summer job earnings from Florida to Nevada to travel from Florida to Nevada to meet Hughes in Haze. God's promises, Joe, in fact, can meet the richest in America and raise friendship with the Fony's letter and all things work together for the good. As Joe develops, the luck of the old boys goes in the opposite direction. They lose the track of the young Joe, they focus on their survival. In their minds, do they wonder if God punishes them for deceiving young Robert? Joe will never learn the success of Joe's achievement in meeting Hughes, and they are afraid that he will take revenge to an extensive error when he finally returns home. For very different reasons, the depth of God's apology was tested by young people. Beginning as a joke, the deadly severe turns and confirms that the true apology is not a joke. Set in the 1970s, the film stars Ivan Schwalb and Miss Jena Barghaf and Jeff Wise, Hoard Hughes. The "A Letter for Joe" set in Las Vegas and Florida in the 1970s is the modern retailing of Joseph's Bible story and the power of the forgiveness. The seventeen -year -old Joe Roberts (Ivan Schwalb) gives a prank letter to his older brother and his friends, which sends to Las Vegas for a fake meeting with the billionaire Hows Hughes (Jef Wise "). God's promises, Joe, in fact, can meet the richest man in America when the gatekeeper, secretary Jodi (Jena Barghaf, "behind the waterfall") that all things are only armed with the phony letter. . He eventually raises friendship with the richest person in America and when Joe is developing, the luck of the old boys goes in the opposite direction. They are afraid that when Joe finally returns home, he will revenge for an extensive Roose. For very different reasons, the depth of God's forgiveness is tested to all young people. The funniest began to be funniest, when all those who realize that the true apology is not a joke.
432 ::: "Scientastic!" (2010) ::: family ::: A family television program for the intermediate school that explores the problems of science, health and social through the eyes of today's young people. The format combines live action and animation and is a hybrid of mystery and reality genres, which incorporates a fictitious plot with interviews with real doctors and scientists in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where it is filmed. To date, two episodes have been launched. The episode "Are you sleeping?" He was the two Emmy awards receiver in 2015.
433 ::: Izpiti po nikoe vreme (1974) ::: family ::: The first story, "expiry": Two kids search for. They are very happy. Small Merkoh everyone who treats ice cream, soft drinks and cakes. His elder brother Solivichan emphasizes the finding the Batkey owner. Together with their partner, with a lawyer, they refer to the people of the paper in the wallet. However, the children detect that owner is the first door, Avanova, who always complains to their fathers and continually. The wallet gives her, they get nothing more than repeating bar in return. The second story, "Notefulness": Mitakko, Picchu's son, take lessons from the Mini Lessons. His mother believes he has an ability and wants to be a big music curriculum. But Matthew doesn't want to talk to the smallest mitters of his younger name movies to take part in violin lessons in return for the viellon. However, their secret plan appeared in the course of school concert. Mrs. Penkva does not change the mind - and piano takes. Two novels have two novels by one water problem by joint characters and never one novels. Departolathala Nawlala Festj 'is about Honesty. The filmmakers are sure that this is born of every child, but it is up to the adults whether is safe or die. A five-year-old child find a purse full of money. He and his friends are now facing using their favorite sweetness or to find the owner. Honestly discouraged, but their fat neighborhoods were found by the kids (one dollars) in the interior of their violence. Dollar) on the dollar (one dollar) is created on the two-liva (one dollar) on a dollar (one dollar) on a cake. The two boys in the second novella and the two boys A Wisernate against removing the remote parts of their parents: It is possible to wash music. However, children are smart, inventor and do not easily give them easily. Another one hurts to the valent's lessons in the first place that is chosen to the color, but his mother does not feel where his ability is actually situated. The destruction was found at the end. Small criminals are punished, but they've got real friendship.
434 ::: Doggie Boogie - Get Your Grrr On! (2011) ::: family ::: Doggie Bugie danced to his family audience, because they help their owner, and help their dogs to help their dogs. Cassi's mother to be a veterinarian, he is injured, heed the law on injury and force the Cassi to force the Cassi for a family inheritance. Peter Wolf, his dog dreams of winning the national dance championship about dance, but dreams of victims of their guilt, but his fault is in a tragic dance disaster. Gertrue ilpner, ten-time dog dance champion and legendary dog ​​dance Bible keeping everything to stop them. Pigeo, Prizan ("Happiness to be treated") with the support of colored and magical dogs. He breathes all their dreams, because he takes them with his hearts.
435 ::: "Changing Your World" (1990) ::: family ::: DRS. Creflo and TAFFY DOLLAR heralds a variety of topics related to the profit of spiritual, physical, mental, emotional and financial luxury. He studies everything from marriage and family to prayer, fitness, and the development of personality and discipline. These are the keys to get the overall life in his words. In the end, personal success comes and transforms one life for the better, and the individual's world literally changes.
436 ::: Changing Hearts (2012) ::: family ::: A story of modern prodigal son with Brian McNamara, Daphne Zuniga and Brad Johnson. James Reed, completely happy with his current life, reluctantly returns home in the family business, a sick father and a brother with whom he is still disagreeing. He must learn to sacrifice for those he loves - even at the expense of his own dreams.
437 ::: Rocket's Red Glare (2000) ::: family ::: With the help of his ex-astronaut grandfather, a disturbed 17-year-old Todd Baker restores a Mercury Redstone rocket as a scientific project. If a NASA emergency leaves a space shuttle and its crew in danger, Todd's rocket is the only one who is ready for the immediate start.
438 ::: "The Swamp Critters of Lost Lagoon" (1995) ::: family ::: "Modern crustrators of the Laguna" Modern "Most lost Lagoon Critrators" Episode, Billy Bob, Lee, Armadillo Ima Dilla, Joe Racon, Big Al Gator and Gumbo. These live events, costumes, members of the group "Kumish crust" play music in the kelurgs of live and lost lagoon. Their often star is Finones Fatrat, a resident child. As they have everyday life, critics know about people, goodness, emotions and problems, including friendship, charitable, kindness, differences, differences, variations, conservation and pollution. Along the way, they are introduced to various musical styles such as blues, kaun, classic, country, disco, disco, dissocent, jazz and rock-n roll. Each half hour episode is distinguished by 5 songs. In the stars of the Swalms include many critics guests, including Ber Bobby S., underground Bobi Q., ​​Groengy Groanny, Mulvis Muscrat, Bonnie and Couples. The wedding is primarily mixed with some puppets with animatic heads. All characters voiced by "Bobby Goldsboro" (QV). This is a healthy series from 2 to 8, however, Bobby Goldsboro SoundTrack and adults can be entertained in adults with a smart and smart dialogue.
439 ::: A Norman Rockwell Christmas Story (1995) ::: family ::: This film brings the famous Norman Rockwell painting. Samuel Caavanu, a character, character to restore happy moments in the life of the frozen pond. Michael Grant is a unhappy young boy who tried to skate his father's grandmother skating without actions in Korea. Our roads have repeatedly changed their way. It's a friendly Christmas tree tale
440 ::: Princess Ha Cha and the Meadow of Bloom (2009) ::: family ::: This is a story about a 5 (5) year old girl named Eilan Woods who thinks he is a super hero named Princess Cha. When his teacher's butterfly garden is threatened by a new building project, the question is, can he become a real hero? This is a film inspired by the book, The Little Creek, written by Jennifer Ward and Illustrated Julie Scott. In this short film, Elaine (Princess Ladies Cha) and her friends have to save the day!
441 ::: Cristobalito, the Calypso Colt (1970) ::: family ::: Cristobalito is a boy from Puerto Rico who owns a Palumino horse and begins to train him to win a local horse race. Along with education, he finds his place in life and learns the true values ​​of love and friendship. Cristobalito is a boy from Puerto Rico who meets the owner of a Palumino horse and begins to teach him to win a local horse race. Along with education, he finds his place in life and learns the true values ​​of love and friendship.
442 ::: Rocket's Red Glare (2000) ::: family ::: 17 -year -old Todd Baker regains a turbulent Mercury Redston missile as a scientific project with the help of his ex -grandfather. When the state of emergency in NASA leaves space and its crew is in danger, the Todd missile is the only one ready for immediate launch.
443 ::: Hacksaw (1971) ::: family ::: A girl goes to the mountains where she finds a wild horse named Haxo. With a little help, he records the stud and does not take it for the man to help him start the wagon race, because Hexo refuses to have any man or woman behind himself.
444 ::: "Deafplanet.com" (2003) ::: family ::: One day, while touring a museum rocket exhibition, our Max hero, managed to embark on space. After a dizzying stroll, he crashed into Kendra's house, a deaf adolescent of the deaf planet. Max is first confused by the sign language used on the planet, but is helped by the wonderful linguistic machine essential to his ship (Wilma), a robot capable of interpreting all the languages ​​of the universe. Kendra promises to go home Max with the help of the many wise and eccentric residents of the deaf planet.
445 ::: Healing Hearts (????) ::: family ::: After the sudden death of her beloved father, a young girl struggles to find Khushi again at Christmas. With the help of a local rancher, a boy and a horse, he, his mother and rancher discover new meaning in life and find the soul and love of Christmas.
446 ::: "Picture Book" (1955) ::: family ::: Vera shows children how to make a paper lantern, reads a story about busy Lizzie and her 3 wishes, plays with some chicks, reads a story about Jack Tar and talks about mustard and cress. The stories are all performed by Marionette Puppets and Vera is accompanied by Sausage the Dog Marionette for the other segments.
447 ::: Dik Trom (2010) ::: family ::: Fat teen dick tram enjoys growing up in a headonistic city dedicated to food and fun. When a restaurant chain offers his father a lifetime opportunity to run his own, the tram family runs. His new home town Dunhovan, however, is situated by the health devil who prefers fitness only for diet.
448 ::: Onnum Onnum Moonnu (2015) ::: family ::: Onnum on the backdrop of Alappuzha picture the scenic beauty of Alappuzha and Kutanadu. "Onnum moon" hilariously recounts Alexander's UPS that comes to enjoy the beauty of Alappuzha. Autorickshaw driver and hotel manager try to deceive Alexander and the resulting events are presented in a "Onnum Moonu". Riyaz, who played a remarkable role in 'Flat No. 4 B', plays the role of Alexander. Amir Niyaz, Abhishek, Surya Sarkar, Arun, M R Gopakumar, Irshad, and Sathar also include the cast. "Onnum Moonu" is directed by Abhilash SB and the film is written by Fais Umer. The cinematography is from Santhosh K Lal and music by Muralee Krishna and Shibu Joseph with lyrics from Filipose Thathampally and Santhosh Kodanadu.
449 ::: Monopoly (2008) ::: family ::: I played a board game, but now I'm playing in a completely new way. It features an original board game and some different editions that delight all monopoly fans. If you regenerate your path via each board game, you will have more points to unlock other board game editions. For the first time, Get Rich Quick Edition can play monopoly with completely different rules. There are some mini games that unlock while playing Get Rich Quick Edition.
450 ::: The 23rd Annual Movieguide Awards (2015) ::: family ::: Bill machine, an artist, returns to have 23ths of this year's financial approval. Stevie feels moving, Donie Mcclurkin, Jonathan butler, taking 6 for special taxes for gyme prodes.
451 ::: Margaritka (1961) ::: family ::: In the school year Margarita is sick. His father is the writer and his mother's actress prepares its own lines for his new premier. He has a manufacturer's director. In the Prime Minister of Mummy, his father sees him and loves the director. My father and Margarita go out without waiting for mummy. When he returned home, we are inevitable, but it doesn't solve anything yet. Mummy goes to tour, and Margarita and my father go to rural areas. He will be friends with the village children and forget about his cough and sneeze. Soon he starts missing mummy and asks her to call her from his father. He writes a telegram but doesn't send it. The child finds the paper and goes to the post office. Mummy came and three of them reunite.
452 ::: Tales from the Land of Gullah (1998) ::: family ::: Gullah is the genesis of African-American culture and South Carolina is her home. The stories in this great program bring a look at the history of our people, says Master Storyteller, educator and actresses (Forrest Gump, My Man Deing Me Wrong) Anita Singleton-Prather. Prather controls as her iconic aunt Pearlie-SUE in this enchanting program that brings laughter and tears. Appears on PBS
453 ::: Tjorven och Mysak (1966) ::: family ::: Thorwen and other children were another children's gift day in Squatchkan. The meller of the shooting will end several times on the lake. The children also found an older ship called Albertina. They divided themselves into two robber gangs and fight on the stones of the stone.
454 ::: What About the Children (2011) ::: family ::: A story of neglecting teenagers/children by their parents in the areas of love, affection, attention and security. These teenagers/children are largely treated voluntarily and/or involuntarily by their parents with indifferent, neglect, inattention and/or negligence, which influence their home environment, education and social life.
455 ::: Udensbumba resnajam runcim (2004) ::: family ::: The parents of both sisters have gone abroad to earn alive, so girls need someone to take care of Marta and Linda. For this, he has his dictatorial spinner aunt Una, who wants to have a strict wedding, and a sympathy for Johri Evo. Meanwhile, Marta is working hard to get a promise puppy, but her plan is ruined, as her aunt feels a strong hatred for dogs. So, relationships between girls and their aunt become really stressful. To the right plan of the sisters - to help the aunt get married, to get rid of it.
456 ::: Garuda di Dadaku 2 (2011) ::: family ::: Bayu (Emir Mahira), who is a member of the U-15 national football team, wants to prove that he can bring his team to win the Asean Junior competition in Jacket. With support from his best friend, Heri (Aldo Tansani), the young girl at school to whom, Anya (Monica Sayangbati) and the new coach Mr. Wisnu (Rio Dewanto), Bayu runs his friends working much to reach the final. However, a young man in the team, Yusuf, steals Bayu's attention as the rising star. Now the team is in a great mess, and Bayu leaves the training. As the big match is approaching, can Bayu and his team bring Indonesia to victory?
457 ::: Food Fight (1982) ::: family ::: You are a boy named Charley Chuck who is in a carnival food fight contest. Start on the right side of the screen and want to make your way to the left, where an ice cream cone is dripping away, expecting to eat it. To get there, you must avoid falling into open or touching or speeding up manholes (Jacques, Oscar, Angelo, and Zorba) that are coming out. You can catch different types of foods located around the screen and throw them at the road, but they can get you in the same way. If the ice cream melts before you get to it, you lose that round. You get points for any food that stays on the screen when eating the ice cream cone. The speed of music and characters intensifies with every higher level of games. For a really good round, you have an immediate replay.
458 ::: Borisek - malý serzhant (1976) ::: family ::: In a byelorous village, the German soldiers massaged the whole family with the exception of a little boy who closed in a metal barrel and sent down the river. Fortunately, his groaning of soldiers of the Red Army and Soldier Aljosa will illuminate in a heavy shooting, pulls the barrel near the bank. Miserable Borisek regularly becomes a member of the medical military service after recovery and reaches the rank of a younger Sergeant.
459 ::: So Help Us God (2017) ::: family ::: When a passive family eventually takes a trip to relax their beloved grandmother, their broken RV tests their patience and trust. Through God's grace and his guidance, they eventually learn the true meaning of love and acceptance.
460 ::: Riding Faith (2018) ::: family ::: "Riding Faith" family, is an uplift and inspirational story about faith, which does not lose hope despite all obstacles. The story is set in the small town of America, and the Grace and its royal white are the centers around the white horse, which is named him, which he was given by his father, Mike, before he went to the war, where he went to the war. Was killed in action. Rebecca, the mother of Grace, is trying his best to help both of them, which helps a loved one to deal with the pain of losing. At the same time, he should not find a way to lose the family farm which is on the verge of criminal. When they reach the rock bottom, they are forced to sell everything they do with the horse of Grace, which she loves anything more in the world.
461 ::: At the Top of the Pyramid (2014) ::: family ::: On the top of the pyramid is a lively, action -packed collective comedy/drama about a group of young people, they struggle to find the courage to follow their hearts. It is described as having met with music, sports, friendship and romance in the lights on Friday night. A classic teenage ensemble image is a play that is filled with music on the top of the pyramid. Warm but exciting, the story loosens the family as a serious study; That rare place and adults who try to guide them by teenage social hierarchy and in a lifetime. Although our entry point is the world of high school, the pyramid describes the spiritual survivor of dreams, nightmares, fears, fears, and insecurities, then becomes the chronic of the power of the dramatically and the elasticity of the human soul. Under the leadership of our heroine, Jamie Parker, we will participate in her struggle to learn the true meaning of courage, belief and friendship, as she is struggling to get to the top of her pyramid. A girl's spitfire, she has the spirit, spank and killer skills, it takes her to the top, but after a mysterious and devastating downfall, she is very serious to lose confidence, and her family decides to go away. A year later her father was killed and Jamie and her mother went back and face her demons. Upon returning to the CenterVille in the USA, we meet her friends, frenemies and a group of subs. They form emergency, summer-at-end, adventure, fresh alliances and find new obedience; Defining the integrity and purpose of exposing and defining alphabetical exam challenges. Can they put it together and topped their own personal pyramids? Prior to the first day of the school ... although comparisons with other witty images targeting teenagers, a story on the top of the pyramid is completely unique. Characters bring great to life and make the truth; They are familiar yet uncommon; Contempt but harm; Refresh, honesty, authentic and completely autonomous. The ability to confront their feelings to accept their feelings, causing their ability to face the differences, and the pyramid is forcibly and entertaining. "This is not what happens or how you feel ... but what do you do!"
462 ::: "X-Tudo" (1992) ::: family ::: The first edition reads in the display of the Gerson Darjau and X Puppet, which makes his daily activities in CuriotherIties. There are also other of Marcelo Mansfield to speak science, oscar Simch as SLATATA and Racel Barchabade, and talking to the Rafael Barrion
463 ::: "9th Period" (2010) ::: family ::: School Day, Meg, Peyton and Konner work hard to spread the top-tablecloth and create a class. But when the textbooks are destroyed, they will solve the puzzles of their cities. Like all great detectives, they are ready to solve all the things during the "stage 9" and rely on group work. Integration of moral lessons in each episode, as well as interesting science facts and other classifications.
464 ::: The BIG Renovation (1997) ::: family ::: See how a house is built from the ground up. Find out more about architecture, frame, electricity, sanitary and all tools required for the construction of a new house. Discover how tiles are made and see a real sawmill in action. Even more learning about termites.
465 ::: "Chat Boume" (1990) ::: family ::: They have four. There are four cute cats, different individuals, tastes and interests: one bold, other cerebral, third, third, sensitive, shy. Two small mice stood in nearby garages and sometimes take part in the story of the alley. The series is based on three important aspects of the child: playground, group of friends and familiar games. The condition of the characters is to children under the age of five to nine to nine to bed, they allow them to leave themselves and get rid of the truth. 5 to 9 years of age.
466 ::: Family Gras 2009 (2009) ::: family ::: Only back to town New Orleans and Jefferson Parish, officials have produced Mardi Gras program for the whole family. The Gras family is the weekend in awesome and awesome music, paradise, the culture of culture and work for everyone. Under the Hearts of the Way of Modern-Day, the Mart, the meals and sports area for children. The guests were celebrating and household teams to give you the idea of ​​what I like the Mardi Gras, family. Special things include exciting movies and cleansing elements that are stupid evidence showing that painters are painted on the scene where the costumes. Haron showing people around the world and has Mardi Gras than Bourbon Street.
467 ::: "Awesome Possum Pony Club" (2016) ::: family ::: A half -hour, live action, stand alone, drama series that are always included in the world of horses. A group of 10 -year -old children forms "terrible posum pony club" due to their mutual love between horses and other animals. Its attention, however, is much wider than only in the world of horse riding - it emphasizes that children have the power to create a positive difference in their lives and their communities.
468 ::: A King's Heart (????) ::: family ::: This is the age film with ending, which brings tears to the courage of the hearts. The ten -year -old Brett Boneham cannot bear to see himself in the mirror. When he does so, he sees his twin brother, who was tragically killed in a New York car accident. His mother Carla could not see him without seeing his lost son.
469 ::: Riding Faith (2018) ::: family ::: "Riding Faith" is a story that appeals to the uplifting and heart that does not lose hope, despite the family, religion, and all possibilities. The story is set in the United States in a small town, and he acts just before he goes to the war, centered on Grace named after his father's microphone, a religion given to her, and her magnificent white horses. I was killed. Grace's mother, Rebecca, is the best to help with the pain of losing a loved one. At the same time, she must find a way to keep the family ranch on the crisis of seizure. When they reach the bottom of the rocks, they are forced to sell everything they have, including Grace horses that they love most of the world.
470 ::: DeSales Media Presents: A Christmas Variety Special (2014) ::: family ::: Finally, a Christmas TV special for the whole family. Desales Media Presents: A Christmas Barienty Special-Exciting, fun, heartwarming holiday cheers, music, laughter, and of course, the reason for the season starring Anthony Mangano and Joe Manno. In the cheerful moment (and occasional turbulence), the inappropriate "efficiency" visits to the Santa's workshop with the most hard -working elf on the south side of the Arctic, the loose gravel painter for holidays. There is a noisy and unfortunate adventure of one family. Select a perfect Christmas tree in a nearby tree lot. Music highlights include visiting children who really understand the meaning of Christmas in addition to traditional songs and other holidays. This program will end with Yuletide Carols, played outside the church, celebrating our lords, the true reasons of the season. Desales Media Christmas Barienty Special has something!
471 ::: The Incredible Adventures of Professor Branestawm (2014) ::: family ::: Whose school girl wants to learn Learn, not deportation, and when offering her to teach, eccentric inventor Professor Brainstav has the opportunity to take a broken watch. However, the snid councilor wants to replace the Haggeston Bronest AW's house by replacing it with Mr. Bulimore's huge mission factory. Townsfock is against the idea until the professor's tea -making machine produces anarchy at the council meeting and it is forbidden to find anything until it is allowed. Evil Bulimore Permit tries to steal and burnt the hall of the Town Hall, but the tea making machine proves to be a wonderful fire extinguisher and Branst AW has been declared a hero.
472 ::: Naanna Nenu Naa Boyfriends (2016) ::: family ::: Padmavati / Paddu (Hebah Patel) is the beloved daughter of Raghava Rao (Rao Ramesh). An propheter prophesied Raghava Rao that if he refuses to accept her daughter's desire, she will leave him. As a result, he fulfilled all his wishes and never opposed her. When Paddu grew up, his father selected a boy to get married. But she said she will choose her own husband, and only if she did not find a suitable couple for herself, she will marry the person her father suggested for her. As always, Raghava Rao agrees and Paddu begins his search.
473 ::: Til siste hinder (2011) ::: family ::: Ida belongs to the best gang of the school and stays to shop with his best friend Karolin. She loves her life, as long as her mother is telling her one day that she is moving forward. And it is not New York or London, but in a small village in a small village in Northern Norway. Ida hates her parents to get away from her friends, and after a week in the village, things are getting worse. Now she not only hates parents, she hates her life, which is hardly better when her mother forces her to meet some "natives". A group of losers who have never heard of makeup and who spend all their time on horses. Now only one thing is to be done for IDA and that is to stay back in the city. But a dramatic encounter with the horse changes everything.
474 ::: "Get Fresh" (1986) ::: family ::: Saturday morning children's TV show in Get Fresh UK. Every week, the hospitality team goes to different cities of the country, talking to interesting people, showing cartoons and competing every week. Joining a puppet alien staff, which is less than desirable that Phil Cornwell is voiced, which always contains mucus drops. From its nostrils.
475 ::: Pop Star Puppy (2014) ::: family ::: The father of twelve -year -old Austin Brown is being used again for Afghanistan, hoping to come home in time for Christmas. Before he leaves, he gets Austin a puppy named Dino. It doesn't take long before Austin discovers that Dino is special ... he can sing! When auditions come to the city, Austin Dino comes in as a participant in "America's Next Pop Icon". Fascinating American households and dominating the competition, Dino becomes an overnight stay and Austin soon becomes the most popular child at his new school! With the Media Storm Brewing, however, Austin is blinded by his new popularity and has to learn the real value of friendship before it's too late.
476 ::: Barney: Clean Up, Clean Up! (2012) ::: family ::: Cleaning was never fun! Barne shows his friends a time to correct while painting the windows, washing windows, picking the garbage and putting games away! BJ and Baby Bop RIFF show all the fun ways to clean the garden when it is LitterBot - which is a garbage that collects robot - malfunctions.
477 ::: A Ghost Tail (????) ::: family ::: This family comedy is located in a small town on OAHU, and follows the horrific adventures of a young boy and a noble dog to see the eyes because it proves that in order to make a difference, you help if you have a little soul.
478 ::: An Elf's Story: The Elf on the Shelf (2011) ::: family ::: Chippy contributed to a boy that includes a boy who rejects the magic of Christmas. When Chiple favorites finds the job, his good friends, Santa, and an unexpected child helps him to help him to recall why.
479 ::: Ciao Bambolini (2013) ::: family ::: Ciao! Join Michael with his friends and Kichigi in the Kichigi, a trip while learning about language, skills, cultures and musical music. One of the living things of Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian Italian
480 ::: "The Romper Room" (1964/I) ::: family ::: Rompper Room was a preschool children created by Bert and Nancy Claster in the United States (1953), which later franchised in Australia (1963), Canada (1970), Hong Kong (1965), Italy, Japan (1963), New Zealand . (1975), Puerto Rico (1971), Taiwan (1972) and the United Kingdom (1964) -AST Anglia by Anglia Television. Rosalyn Thompson was the presenter as Miss Rosalyn of 1964-1976, with Rose Neill as Miss Rose in 1977. Breaking Room was a preschool children (1963. 1963)), Canada (1970), Hong Kong (1965), Italy, Japan (1963), New Zealand (1975), Puerto Rico (1971), Taiwan (1972) and the United Kingdom (1964) - East Anglia by Anglia Television. Rosalyn Thompson was the host as Miss Roselyn of 1964-1976, with Rose Neill as Miss Rose in 1977.
481 ::: The Concert (2017) ::: family ::: David, a paraplegic father, endangered his marriage and is alienated to his young son by placing his career ahead of his family needs. He tries to redeem himself, but he finds great challenges as it happens around the city so he is in time for his son's Viola premise.
482 ::: Merriment (????) ::: family ::: A non -religious origin of Christmas. When a young woman travels to a depressive city on the global top space, she tries to cheer the hearts and heads of the city dwellers. However, she encountered the resistance of the traditionalists whose lifestyle threatens them. It could take a little magic for everyone to see the light.
483 ::: Udensbumba resnajam runcim (2004) ::: family ::: The parents of both sisters have gone abroad to earn alive, so girls need someone to take care of Marta and Linda. For this, he has his dictatorial spinner aunt Una, who wants to have a strict wedding, and a sympathy for Johri Evo. Meanwhile, Marta is working hard to get a promise puppy, but her plan is ruined, as her aunt feels a strong hatred for dogs. So, relationships between girls and their aunt become really stressful. To the right plan of the sisters - to help the aunt get married, to get rid of it.
484 ::: Armiya 'Tryasoguzki' (1964) ::: family ::: The civil war in Russia, the Girila fighting with the formation of the collech. As a result of the vandalism, an accident occurs with a white Russian train. The flag with the inscription in the disaster area has been found "Vegetel's army". Coltic commanders believe that he is Bolshevik, but the Girila leader does not know anything. It turns out that this is the job of three boys.
485 ::: "Barkitecture" (2005) ::: family ::: The barcitecture causes families to bark by the right tree! Each episode is the story of Rags to Riches of a rebel dog that finds a permanent home, and the family that welcomes the new pet in their lives. Dr. Karen Tobias and Kenny Alfonso's hosts walk the family through the adoption process and help them prepare for the return to the dog's house. Dr. Karen uses her experience as a veterinarian to give the family tips on how to take care of her new friend and teaches them how to choose the best supplies. Kenny designs and builds an elegant and personalized periodic that is safe and functional.
486 ::: S.E.L.L.A's Kitchen (????) ::: family ::: Sella, a 15 -year -old living in the famous Mecca of Hip Hop, Boogie Down Bronx discovers that he has a talent for cooking that is far beyond the drowning of fans in his neighborhood. Soon he will be fascinated by a wicked competition under the training of a mysterious teacher with a heavy dialect, a very unstable personality and a very different cultural personality than anything he has ever known. Through the disputes, common hardships and mutual love for food, links by this unlikely pair and a smooth young city of his intense talent and a famous retired world chef that has been away from alfalfa day, Find the same kitchen at the same time and unknown weather is accident or destiny. The S.E.L.L.A kitchen has a PG rating a 2016 comedy/family drama written based on a script written by Ralph A. Celestin (Boston2philly). Family Friendly Movie Stars (Casts) as Marley, nicknamed S.E.L.L.A, a 15 -year -old Junik Hip Hop who is also a food. Sella, who lives in a famous New York City area that invented some of the most infamous cultural symbols in the history of the famous Hip Hop genre, attracts the attention of the retired and infamous retired chef played by (cast). Through pure or perhaps more pure chance, Sella works in the kitchen and competes for the chef at the new Napu restaurant in a Manhattan upper floor area. The story lines deal with the cultural approach between its world, which with its family and the shallow, material, and closed society in which the restaurant and the food community live. The film itself includes elements of the main values ​​of the family, the widespread history of hip -hop music, racism and modern day functions as a combination of melodrama, art and comedy. "Food is the expression of different arts and cultures. The kitchen is a studio, pots and tools, the hands of the poems and the result- the hip hop." The S.E.L.L.A kitchen, PG-13, is a 2017 comedy/family drama/family, based on a script written by Ralph A. Celestine (Boston2philly Visual Manager). Trisha Mondesir Family Friendly Movies as Marley, nicknamed S.E.L.L.A, an 18 -year -old hip hip junk who is also a food food. Sella, who lives in the famous New York City area, invented by some of the most infamous cultural symbols in the history of the famous Hip Hop genre, is drawn to the retired chef of Napo with Arthur Williams III. Through pure or perhaps more pure luck, Sella works in the kitchen and competes for the chef at the new Haitian Napo restaurant in a NYC upper floor area. The story lines deal with the cultural approach between its world, which with its family and the shallow, material, and closed society in which the restaurant and the food community live. The film itself contains elements of the main values ​​of the family, the widespread history of hip -hop music and Haiti culture, racism and modern day functions as a combination of melodrama, art cinema and comedy.
487 ::: Greetings from Home (2013) ::: family ::: When the career soldier Pete Griffin loses a leg in the fight, he is sent back to America to serve at the base of the army near his disconnected family home. To make matters worse, Pete Patty's nursing wife was deployed in Afghanistan, leaving him to raise the boy Daredevil Chris and teenage daughter Moody Becky.
488 ::: Rachna (1983) ::: family ::: The story revolves around Seth Bahwanda, who ends leaving his wealth to his selfish and arrogant son, Raj, who takes care of the nanny of the believers who calls my aunt. I deeply fascinated with Maya, a beautiful wealth seeking to dance. To realize this, Seth Bhagwandas stipulates his will, to marry Raj within a month to any other girl but maya. The girl who married her will participate equally in all rights and property. Failure to this all property and wealth must be donated to Ashram. Raj and his friends find a way to cheat, will. The answer was to marry a sick girl who was expected to die soon. So a poor girl was found in an orphanage. Tolsi, the beloved young man, who provides the basics of orphans, loves us. I love not expressing it. . Raj and his friends are planning their movements and urging us to marry Raj. They have no power and surrender in. Raj is now waiting for our Rashna to die, but Rashna, who loves Raj challenges to death. Raj is desperate and feels cheating. I caught in his own trap, as it worsens things by breaking his leg. Rachna Raj papers are unable and he now wants his wife who gradually begins to note. His plan for her wife suddenly possessed by Ma’isa is my aunt, who displays the real personality of Rajas and his motivation for his marriage to us. . I realize that her God had clay feet, Rashana, leaves my aunt and serving the house as well. Raj misses Rashna and wants her back, but he will not swallow his pride.
489 ::: Bhalwan Singh (2017) ::: family ::: Bhalwan Singh was disappointed to stand against the British Empire but he did not know how to do it. As he is trying hard, all his efforts have been in vain and he also fails to impress his dream girl. Slowly, Bhalwan Singh and his friend decide to kidnap the British architect. Soon, the things for the two will come too funny and Bhalwan is found to be worried.
490 ::: Changing Hearts (2012) ::: family ::: History of modern lost son, Brian McNamara, Dafna Zuniga and Brad Johnson. James Reed is satisfactory with modern life, belongs to the house, a patient, a sick father and a brother who always contradicts him. He must have sacrifices for those who love him - even because of their dreams.
491 ::: Elementary Prayers (2016) ::: family ::: According to the book Su Hozer, "Butterflies, Buses and a Guardian Angel", this hearty family film follows the story of the young Sue, as she becomes a teacher in a small town of New Mexico and gives the real heart to help problematic people. And it develops more. Poverty, students in care of him. With the help of his own community, he is developing a program called "Suspreno", "Extraordinary Spiritual Revolution" now, an access program to educate children about the love of Christ's change.
492 ::: Harun-Arun (2009) ::: family ::: Aaron is the story of a child caught between the differences made by Arun Dharma. Harun is a Pakistani boy who has been lost in India; His name is mistaken for the name of Arun-A Hindu. He is loved by all but when his true identity is revealed, the same people push him away. The film that requests for innocence; Children's compassion, many hearts have won many hearts in the world; Rewards globally.
493 ::: A Box of Faith (2015) ::: family ::: After her mother dies and her father was jailed for a crime he did not do, 16-year-old Dior is forced to live in the street. Ms Ward, a social worker, makes her mission to find the wild teenager, who manages to stay a step forward. Through their cat and mouse game, they suddenly teach each other the meaning of love and acceptance.
494 ::: "Milo" (2003) ::: family ::: Milo is a fantastic small rabbit whose adventures explain to a typical child in his daily life with games and new experiences. He gradually learns to know himself and the surrounding world, which is an endless source of innovation, surprise and encounter for him.
495 ::: The Dragon of Pendragon Castle (1953) ::: family ::: Sir William Magnus lives with her daughter and his two grandchildren and Peter and Judy. When a few visitors call and have guests they don't stay long, there is a cold. One day, in the bobby partners in the game of their game, the only apostle of the castle, Peter and Judy will open a dragon. It immediately understands that three children will be a reduced little monster.
496 ::: Pop Star Puppy (2014) ::: family ::: The twelve -year -old father of Austin Brown is being dispatched to Afghanistan again, hoping to make it at home for Christmas in a timely manner. Before leaving him, Ostin becomes a puppy called Dino. It was not long before Austin discovered that Dino was special ... he can sing! When herself comes to the city, Austin enters Dino as a participant in the "Next Pop Symbol of America". Dino becomes a celebrity overnight by deceiving American households and mastering the competition, and Austin becomes the most popular child in his new school! However, with the rise of media storm, Austin is blinded by its new popularity and must learn the real value of friendship before it is too late.
497 ::: Sinterklaas en de verdwenen pakjesboot (2009) ::: family ::: An exciting family movie that starts at St. Nicolas Castle in Spain. When he and Diego arrive at the port, the boats with all the gifts of the children are gone. A race against time follows to restore the boat with its load of goodness. An exciting adventure that begins in Spain takes us all over Belgium and the Netherlands, and finally until December 5th.
498 ::: Misutâ Dorirâ (2000) ::: family ::: In 2000, on a quiet day in Tokyo, the mysterious blocks of different colors began to pop out of the ground. Nobody knows how they came. Peplexed and annoyed at this degenerate event, the Tokyois call on Susumu Hori, also known as Mr Durier, a young workout and a block-tuft to dig deep underground to understand the cause of the mysterious blocks. Will Susumu do it ... or will he fail?
499 ::: Future Girls: Adventures in Marine Biology (2006) ::: family ::: The full series "You can a woman ..." focuses on encouraging elementary school age girls to discover science and exploration, hopefully they encourage them to consider scientific career options. "Future Girls - Adventures in Marine Biology", is based on the book, "You Can A Woman Marine Biologist", by Florence Mcalary and Judith Love Cohen. In "Future Girls-Adventures in Sea Biology", two girls, Rachel and Lisa sleep while doing their science work, and creating underwater travel, exploring the beautiful blue deep sea with Bio Girl, 22 -year -old Marine. Biologist. Along the way, the girls learn about the sea and the many creatures of her sea through 3D animation, direct action and stunning documentary footage.
500 ::: Silver Bells (2013) ::: family ::: Sportscaster Bruce Dalt is a person who is originally filled with himself, which has nothing to curb his competitive and constant Go-for-the-gold attitude. An accident during his son's basketball game takes him to court where he is ordered to do community service. It is now a unworthy Bel-Ringer for the Salavation Army. Their arrogant behavior occupied by the video goes viral and negatively affects their career and family, which uprooted both of them. Knowing about the love of God, Major Melvin Lowell of the Salvation Army, guide his actions, hope that he will come to identify the charity of Christmas donations, which will come to recognize the coins beyond the coins gathered in a collection pot. Is.
501 ::: Lisáci-Mysáci a Sibenicák (1970) ::: family ::: Until recently, the children from a village at the foot of the gallows hill have a tacit leader in Jozka (I) '(QV)) Nicknamed the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the Gingerboy, the gingerboy, the gingerboy, the gingerboy. But now a new guy's old (I) '(QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV)' (QV) '(QV) Have access to cooperation with, which he can travel freely and which he wants to travel. All boys to see the mouse gang and gangbai, the good daughter of the game. The girlfriend is the only one to stay with it. The mouse is taking advantage of his dominant and makes the boys to the bullying giangargo.
502 ::: "Romper Room III" (1964) ::: family ::: The Rupa Room is a preschool children's program created by Bert and Nancy Classster in the USA, and then they have been in over 25 countries including Australia, Brazil, Canada, Gibralter, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Norway, Puerto Rico. , Spain, Switzerland, Taiwan, Venezuela and the United Kingdom (including England, Northern Ireland and Scotland).
503 ::: "The Bible Boat" (2005) ::: family ::: On this trip, his classmate persuades Daniel Duck to believe that good making will earn "sky points". When Captain Jay shares the Good News of the Gospel with him, Daniel resists at first, he is convinced that he wants to work his way to heaven. Meanwhile, Alby buys old-fashioned sea breasts on eBay. You think you want to be full of treasure of pirate, she spends the trip trying to open through hilariously explosive means. In fact, the more needed to open, the more the riches imagined inside it! Needless to say, it is remembered at the end where we should store our treasure when it finally brings the thing open and appears inside. After leading himself to the Department of Good Acts, Daniel eventually realizes that the gospel is a free gift and asks to receive Christ. In fact, he continues to share the good news with others!
504 ::: "The KiddiePreneurs" (2016) ::: family ::: The Kiddierreurs show is an educational webisode that is designed to entertain young children and at the same time encourage children to use their own creativity to create a business idea. Today, the Kiddievreurs are the entrepreneurial superheroes of entrepreneurs, who identify a need and create a solution. The Kiddievreurs nice educational programming for children and adults too.
505 ::: Burabo miyuujikku (2001) ::: family ::: As a talented but silent conductor of the Bravo Youth Orchestra, you have to save the concert hall from destruction. With the skills of your performance, you have to influence the people of Bravo with the performance of your classical music. With the help of a mysterious fairy symphony, this is your only opportunity to build the people of Bravo like classical music. Alongside this, you will attract different characters from their performance to join you with your music until you reach the concert hall for the final stage of classical music. Will you succeed?
506 ::: Dog-On Television (2004) ::: family ::: 60 minutes of action without stopping, dogs barking, playing and having a ball. Everything shot from a dog perspective and prepares to leave continuously from the moment you leave until the moment you return home. In a nutshell, it's a partner for your best friend while you're out!
507 ::: Cristobalito, the Calypso Colt (1970) ::: family ::: Cristobalito is a boy from Puerto Rico, who is Mitt Palumino, who begins to train in the local horse competition. Along with training, he will find his place in life and will learn the true values ​​of love and friendship. Cristobalito is a boy from Puerto Rico who meets the owner of the Balumino horse and begins to train him to win the local horse competition. Along with training, he will find his place in life and will learn the true values ​​of love and friendship.
508 ::: Nya hyss av Emil i Lönneberga (1972) ::: family ::: The reputation of Emil as a troublemaker ensures that the neighbors of the Svensson family record a collection to send the boy to America. But even if, among other things, unfortunate accidents ensures that his father gets stuck in the outbuilding window and is bitten by langest, everything is forgotten when he professionally wins a free horse. And when Alfred becomes seriously ill the farmhand, Emil puts his own life at stake and ventures into a snowstorm to take his best friend to a doctor before it's too late.
509 ::: Two Weeks (2009) ::: family ::: A positive depiction of a young African-American father has a relationship with his family, especially with his family, during stressful economic time. The film means performing some extra efforts that are necessary for a young family to survive in the 2009 economic environment; Both economically and personally with each other. This film is also to showcase that during this current situation of economic disappointment, it is even more important that families find ways to escape and exit and enjoy each other's company, even if it is some of some Be simple in form as much as driving for neighborhood food for breakfast, or closing television and opening a book.
510 ::: Doggy Daycare: The Movie (2015) ::: family ::: Michelle and Amelia operated D.D.C. Since the death of their parents. They have many pets live with them but Mutt still a dog on the street. When it runs out of funding for a comic and emotions, it constitutes some risky ideas to save the place. Their attempts to recruit a famous former owner fail, so they must think outside the box. Mutt leads a unique dog package against all obstacles including the mask on the edge of dogs with an obsession for Mutt. Love between dogs and Michelle keeps them strong when they face the terrible and terrible people against them. The Evil Cat Baron intensifies the difficulty in any case, including hypnosis and assisting the dog for dogs. Amelia put an opportunity to be in a show in D.D.C, but things are terrifying when Michelle's health issues were at great danger. When Coggy Day Care cannot stay open, the street dog with a gold heart gathers the rest of the dogs to try to save today. Amelia de. The owner and her younger sister Michel provides the help of this research, but at any cost.
511 ::: Marshall the Miracle Dog (2015) ::: family ::: A 13 -year -old boy becomes a target of bullies in his new school and he feels disappointing, until he closes Marshall under the circumstances to be closed by a dog's hurdle. Finn knows that he should save Marshal, but he has been abused by other dogs and needs to see the vet immediately. The bond of friendship is immediate.
512 ::: Dog-On Television (2004) ::: family ::: Non -stop action for 60 minutes, dogs, play and have a ball. Everything was shot from a dog's point of view and set it to be continuously looped from leaving to home. Simply put, it's a friend for your best friend while you are away!
513 ::: Living and Working in Space: The Countdown Has Begun (1993) ::: family ::: Life in space. Intergalactic war beams. What about getting a driver's license or a laundry? These one-hour special features dozens of space specialists-------- from astronauts and engineers of life systems to clothing designers, interior decorations and "lunar lettuce". A moving story about Jimmy Scalante and one of his students (Raymond Cruise) is intertwined with fantasy waist that discover the humor and drama of everyday life from the ground. A documentary and fantasy. Filming on film and film. Guest stars include Katie Bates, "Strange Al", Pat Morita, Morales and Billy Bob Toronton.
514 ::: "A&C New York" (2017) ::: family ::: Ashley and Carly with Dustin set their audience to find and inform the best places to go to the state of New York, they go to the guests of museums and attractions and interviews, they also have a question of that day Reporter Sara Ventator asks. They introduce special stars that sing and dance or do a comedy routine. You never know what to expect from them, but always for the time of a mindless family. He has a wonderful theme song, and amazing guests. They will keep you fascinated and you will fall in love with their youth. Ashley and Carly do some dumb things, but all in fun and Ashley are really like Dustin, but will not let them tell it.
515 ::: "Get Fresh" (1986) ::: family ::: Get freshly was on the UK Saturday morning's children's TV programs. Set on the border at the name of Zazrida Doubles, the hosts of gazatory doctors, will travel to different towns around the country and will travel to interesting people, have cartoons and have the competition. A puppy Allen found in the crew that was less than the applicant's birds sought by Phil Marke Willaneville, who always had its Poplin.
516 ::: David's Dinosaur (2017) ::: family ::: Follow the adventures of David and his best friends as they highlight a lost dinosaur egg in their grandfather's house! The threatening game for the ride is Hunter Jackson Snid, who will stop nothing for a child's Velosirapter hatching in his personal collection of rare discoveries! "Meet David, a little boy with a very big problem! As we follow David's exploits in David's dinosau Let's do, which exposes a lost dinosaur egg from a mysterious forest. Egg search is only the beginning ... Imagine what can happen when this egg hits unexpectedly! Now this David, Dadaji Archbald , And their best friends are to track a dinosaur in a suburban neighborhood before the wicked big game Hunter Jackson Snid. Can we add it to your prized collection! Can David and Grandpa Archballd Will be able to save dinosaurs? Find out in David's dinosaurs! "
517 ::: The Essence Awards (1994) ::: family ::: The Essence Awards from 1994 appreciate eight outstanding African -American men for their achievements in their respective areas and for their important contributions to their communities. The award ceremony with hosts Vanessa Williams and Sinbad was recorded on Video on April 22, 1994 in front of an audience with stars in the Paramount Theater in New York City.
518 ::: Wiener Dog Internationals (2015) ::: family ::: Jack's family is going on once again, because they enter the Wizard dog Racing International. Kids hide to login in their glories and herself occupied by Mrs. Mathyer in a Suresty Fabric in a Msasser whose Vern Dog is going to go out forever! Small shelli can take a hero boyfriend, real world?
519 ::: Shannon's Rainbow (2009) ::: family ::: Suddenly, after his death, after his father's death, he leaves a daughter of teenagers without his family, he will disappear. His family doctor (Darily Anna) announces him that he had his father's secret, he never knows him (Clair Flani). When he went to meet him, he became friends with a horse coach (Luis Gossett Jr) and stop caring for horseback, he can overcome his hardships and emotional injuries. Together they start to have many competitions and hurt their favorites that own the Mogul (Eric Roberts). With victories and new friendships, he forms its forms, he learns to make his own way happy.
520 ::: Alondra Smiles (2008) ::: family ::: Alondra has started an approximate start in life, but with the love and support of its ancestors and friends, it plans for a very 15 special birthday. Its plans seem to come better than expected. But her spoiled cousin Tatiana has her own aspirations and is ready to destroy the life of anyone to reach her path.
521 ::: "Beyond Black Beauty" (????) ::: family ::: When Joanna Green, Joanna Green, wins an unexpected scholarship for the prestigious Equestrian Academy, you quickly realize that they are water fish in the end. The bond that will be formed by an atmosphere, with a horse plane, will be more feasible, detecting deep and exciting secrets with ghosts of their past, and secrets that allow both horse and girl to understand their commonly miraculous fate.
522 ::: Santa's Dog (2012) ::: family ::: Hercules saves Christmas and takes us on a magical, fun, fun and impressive journey. Max, a 12 -year -old boy who is adorable but mischief, meets a dog named Hercules, who takes him to the North Pole to meet Santa and claim his path to a "nice list."
523 ::: "The Dunninger Show" (1955) ::: family ::: Magician Joseph Dunninger, simply known as Dunnigner on stage, earned a reputation in the 1950s as a mentalist and mind-reader or bill. In this weekly program he would invite a new famous guest (together with different members of the audience) on stage for each show and have him tested while he set up his unique performance of his supposed psychological forces.
524 ::: "Whirligig" (1950) ::: family ::: At that time of the plot, the villains from my memory at the age of 11 were Alexander Scrop and captain Kennedy to steal some tasks in the first series and the second model railway engine. The young audience was invited to write the next episodes of Frank Cowen presenter.
525 ::: Little Heroes (1991) ::: family ::: The girl named Charlie Wilson and the faithful dog named "fuzz" are two best friends. Charlie is Anjaus to make new friends. She and Faz are friends with the old farmers, Alonzo. Another girl named Carol Evans becomes a friend with her, and Charlie is calmly rejected by Carol's wealthy prejudice. Charlie has another friend named Fritz, and they sometimes enjoy playing. Finally, Charlie was invited to Carroll's birthday party, on the day of Carol's party, Charlie went to her store, Carroll's mother was there, Charlie had Carol's party and Carol's mother. Tell you listen. She told Charlie that she wouldn't suit others, and she felt terrible so that she wouldn't come. After that, Alonzo has a serious problem when Baylor cuts his thumb, and Charlie and Faz have performed their life and death rescue tests for love for Alonzo.
526 ::: Little Ghost Grabbers (2012) ::: family ::: When a school project goes terribly badly in this family thriller, Cynthia Carter finds himself doing a community service at Mean, the House of the Old Mrs. Gotham, which would be haunted. But it takes more than gossip to scare this scientist in training and she is determined to go to the bottom of strange events.
527 ::: Mozhe bi fregata (1980) ::: family ::: The main strength in this story is the children - the group of naughty girls and boys who can play all the time. They find an ancient amphora at the bottom of the sea. Since there is an amphora, there must be frigate. There is a mysterious cave where the captain goes empty -handed and comes out with full packaging. This is how the search begins. Children and adults are passionate about it. Instead of frigate, they find the truth: "We don't have to have fun."
528 ::: "Sherlock Holmes" (2014) ::: family ::: The beloved characters by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle are brought to life as dolls! In this entertaining Japanese series, Sherlock Holmes (expressed by Kouichi Yamadera) is always the authority that draws attention to the Beeton School, a boarding school in London. John H. Watson (expressed by Wataru Takagi) moves to school and is with Holmes in room 221b in the Baker House, one of the school houses, with Holmes.
529 ::: "Telemoda" (1985) ::: family ::: The series was run for 26 weeks and it consisted of 26 shows of 24 minutes. all. In the shows, Bruno Pischiutta had an interview with characters in the fashion industry in Toronto: designers, creators, store owners, tailors and tailors, models, etc. The fashion industry had to present. Children's costumes, wedding fashion, and men's fashion, formal and unofficial were presented with great success. The name was Telemoda, which is translated in English as fashion TV. Later, the show was imitated several times in Canada and abroad.
530 ::: Deep Inside the Kid's Choice Awards (2007) ::: family ::: Nicolodon celebrates the 20th year of the award at a special retrospective exhibition called "KCAS Inside The KCAS" at Teenick, which is sponsored by Emarobats on Sunday, March 18, in addition to the popular Kids Choice Awards. (Unfabulous).
531 ::: The Dempsey Sisters (2013) ::: family ::: Dina, Shina, and Tina Dempsey are the sisters who have always shared everything, including their love to sing! He rapidly submitted to more than a decade since their last performance, and the girls themselves find suggestions, and they work on average from 9 to 5 jobs just to obtain expenses. The loss of its luxurious and stable function in the end is the catalyst that broke down in a place in a place you did not think you will find itself again; Her dream of singing. With the help of her older brother Thaad, who appears on the threshold of her doors with a parallel dream and a new wife, we have plans to persuade China and Tina that he had not yet ended the Dempsey sisters!
532 ::: Tom & Thomas (2002) ::: family ::: Living in various environments, without actually knowing each other, Nine -year -old boy Tom and Thomas always knew the existence of others. When they finally meet, Tom escapes from his boy's house to some children's smugglers. The smuggler mistakes Thomas as Tom and tries to leave the country by plane. Tom, who does not intend to lose his brother, realizes that he is in the exactly in the smuggling operation, and reunites with his brother and ties his family.
533 ::: Teah (2007) ::: family ::: In the tenth birthday of Martin the strange things begin to happen in the ancient forest. Even the friendly chestnut tree seems worried. A couple of strangers arrive from the city to live at Martin's house. Although the solitary company desired for a long time, the new Teah girl explains nothing but trouble as she ruthlessly invaded his world. As if this was not enough, another disaster hides on the horizon: malicious signs that appear on trees indicate the imminent buildings of a highway right through the core of the magical forest. Could it be that ancient trees be cut for the sake of a new road? Magic and reality are inseparable in the forest. Is there a way to face reality and preserve magic? What Martin needs most urgent is a true friend. Together they can fight for the survival of the forest. A great revelation awaits Martin on the path of this struggle: the source of magic fits not in the forest, but in the hearts of the people.
534 ::: Unlocking the Secret (2008) ::: family ::: The "secret" is outside, and it sweeps the world. Some claim that the law of gravity is the key that opens the greatest treasure box for everyone; The power of the universe. Using this amazing tool, you can achieve all your dreams and desires. But it is the most important part of the secret has not been revealed. In this convincing investigation, you will hear directly from some prominent experts in the world about what makes the law of gravity work, discover the reasons that make it not work at times, and learn how you can avoid these errors and use the law from the fullest attractiveness.
535 ::: Riding Faith (2018) ::: family ::: "Riding Faith" is a story that appeals to the uplifting and heart that does not lose hope, despite the family, religion, and all possibilities. The story is set in the United States in a small town, and he acts just before he goes to the war, centered on Grace named after his father's microphone, a religion given to her, and her magnificent white horses. I was killed. Grace's mother, Rebecca, is the best to help with the pain of losing a loved one. At the same time, she must find a way to keep the family ranch on the crisis of seizure. When they reach the bottom of the rocks, they are forced to sell everything they have, including Grace horses that they love most of the world.
536 ::: Bettada Jeeva (2011) ::: family ::: It was the day when the Indian struggle had achieved the growth against the British rule. The young Shiumoma goes to build awareness about the fight against fighting, clearly declining police overseeing. At the same time, he loses his way in the mountain dirt and dark jungle. The locals bring him to the gaplary house in the colors to put the night to install. In the job to love the requirements, he remains for several days. The reaction of a different sides of life in these few days to open the whole new world in front of him. The beautiful minds of people in the mountains and forests; Their innocence - hospitality - main term - Smoke - culture; To live in coordination with nature; The simple life of the gapyale and his wife Their attention and concern around them; The narrative of the Gepalia's Graphyar's narrative in case even in the event of the nature of the nature of nature; Even Gossipaleyy for Life at your old age; Sustainable cloud cloth that her only son's son is afraid of them who live far away from them; Gapalia emotional feelings for the same reason. Pure characters open on the back of the Shivers on the back of Shiuraram about the candle - each with his estimated work, the feeling of the feelings of the sinner's feelings to bring each of them to a variety of bulb. - All of it brings up new awareness in Shivurromao and his life in a real meaning of life. The film Betteada geova is an attempt to seize these complex issues that strengthen humanitarian relations.
537 ::: Waterwalk (2012) ::: family ::: A father and a son try to know each other during a crazy and epic trip of 1,000 canoe through the Midwest. After the pioneering trip of more than 300 years of Marquette and Joliet Journey, they launched without preparation, experience or good equipment to do something that no one had tried since that time. Based on a true story of Steven Faulkner's book, this extraordinary adventure captures some of the most beautiful landscapes of the Midwest and captures the heart while the father and the son fight against the elements and each other to understand their own trips. A moving, literary and spiritual family trip from the upper peninsula, through Green Bay, at the top of the Fox river, at the bottom of the Wisconsin river and finally to the powerful Mississippi and Saint-Louis.
538 ::: Environmental Protection Guardians (2011) ::: family ::: A boy who was spoiled with a spoiled father, both of them would not worry about the environment. One day Giafi is going out on surrounding defense in nature with his school friends. But after they are asleep through rain drops they learn about 40 years back to learn nature lessons. Then Jiafi becomes a good boy and becomes a protector of the environment.
539 ::: Chandralekha (1998) ::: family ::: Seetha Rama Rao is giving up an aggressive financial life until his world becomes upside down after dragging a beautiful Chandra. When Chandra's parents come to the hospital and find their daughter in a coma, Sita is mistaken for her son -in -law. But in a cruel twist, Chandra is in a conscious coma that allows him to hear and see everything. What happens when he wakes up and everyone realizes that Seetha is not his wife?
540 ::: The 28th Annual People's Choice Awards (2002) ::: family ::: "People's Choice AWARDS" -American Award. It has been handed every year since 1975. In 2005, he became a winner in each nominated discovered by social interrogation, and then voted was organized on the Internet.
541 ::: Wishes Come True (????) ::: family ::: Christmas Eve. The city, home, roadways, on the streets and air is good for the time. Alex, Greeg, Kevin, Sara - and all the worlds of the world do what they want for Santa. Ders requires you to skate again one day and use his dreams of his skills bring her daughter. The James went in to their church and praying for miraculous works to save their son, and that was very dangerous. Christmas on the tree of the santa tree has brought them happy children ... happy children ...... Six months later, we see the extraordinary month to meet.
542 ::: A Christmas Reunion (2015) ::: family ::: Madison Avenue executive, Amy, finds an unusual Christmas surprise when she gives her a heritage of aunt's hometown bakery. The real surprise comes when she learns that the other half of the bakery left on her long ago boyfriend Jack. Unconscious personal problems arise between them, as EX returns home to co-manage the store with its traditional holiday cookie back-with f.
543 ::: Ek Naya Rishta (1988) ::: family ::: Women and alcoholic Tandon Tandon, a widowy industrial father, Shankardardaul, "salad", leads a lifestyle rich in "Saratarai". Unexpectedly unexpectedly, he inherited all wealth and money after birth to Rajives only 18 months of birth. Rajiv is not interested, it is ready to re-dissolve his father's richness among his relatives, not in a stable relationship with any woman. When he takes into account their greed, he decides to release the heir according to his father's wishes. The only problem is that he does not want to get married, but he must give birth to a child, and then leaves his life forever and sexually interacted with a woman. After a long search, he will visit AARTI Saxen, who wants to buy his child. He first refused, but when the financial crisis is in danger, he agrees to this relationship. Rajiv Aarti's profession is a call girl and escort. He buys him about a comfortable life, he has a car and his servants. Soon it will be pregnant. Before he was born, he broke his understanding of his understanding and writes to an unknown place. The question is next to him, the legacy of Rajiv, and it is easy and selfish life.
544 ::: "The S.T.E.M Adventures of Kabi and Sasha" (2017) ::: family ::: Little Einsteins believe that science exploration begins in young children in East Africa and is the basis for lifetime interest and knowledge of science, technology and engineering and mathematics. Practice stem. Little Einsteins East Africa tries to provide an audiowisome forum to learn and enjoy science for children and parents.
545 ::: De Club van Sinterklaas & De Verdwenen Schoentjes (2015) ::: family ::: Villian Korne tries to ruin St. Nicholas Eve because he never received gifts when he was a child. He finds funny hugs from those 'moepies' that are made to steal the shoes of each child. Will everything be fine for St. Nicholas Eve?
546 ::: Silver Bells (2013) ::: family ::: Sportscaster Bruce Dalt is a man essentially full of himself with nothing to curb his competitive and uninterrupted attitude to the golden. A mistake during his son's basketball game reduces him in court, where he is ordered to do community service. Now he is a rigid bell for the salvation army. His arrogant behavior, captured in the video, goes viral and adversely affects his career and family, making the two destroy before him. Major Melvin Lowell of the Salvation Army, knowing about God's love, guides his actions, hoping he will be able to recognize Christmas charity beyond the coins gathered in a collection pot.
547 ::: "Mrs. Cabobble's Caboose" (1986) ::: family ::: A musical show of children broadcasting on PBS in the mid-1980s. The show was opened with the theme of the lady. A kabobble that folded a toy train that ran from the fictional neighborhood she loved in. Mrs. Cabobbles lives in red cabos along with many other characters and neighbors. Speaking furniture and friends from all over her neighborhood helped her teach children about music.
548 ::: "3-2-1 Contact" (1980) ::: family ::: In this series, we follow children's explorations as they explore science in its various fields with experiments, films, cartoons and demonstrations. To highlight these principles applying in a fun way, we also look at the cases of bandound gang, a group of children who are new detectives for a private detective agency that use simple scientific knowledge, research and discounts to solve crimes with which they encounter.
549 ::: "Family Style with Chef Jeff" (2013) ::: family ::: Chef Jeff takes out all stops and combines an incredible variety of "super food" as ingredients for this healthy meal. The main course is a roasted corral turkey breast with a mixture of the best sauteed collized collide you have tested.
550 ::: Santa's Dog (2012) ::: family ::: Hercules saves Christmas, and put us for a magical, funny and impressive journey. Max, but fragrant, but the twelve-year-old boy meets a dog named Hercules, which leads to the northern Pole and goes to a good list.
551 ::: Christmas Miracle (2012) ::: family ::: It is Christmas Eve, and blowing a snow storm through a small town of the peak view. The roads are actually empty with the exception of a group of vehicles trapped on a remote road on the outskirts of the town. Seven people involved decide to get shelter in the church left nearby. Those seven: James, former priest, flee from his life after the death of his wife and child and his profession; Darill, who dreams of becoming a doctor, is believed that the dream will never work due to his dyslexia; The wealthy married couple Drake and Madeline, their marriage and its problems are concentrated on money; New bride and groom Nick and Christians, who found that they were more likely to argue more from their marriage three days ago; And the only native in the bunch, Joe, Joe, who was separated from his wife Mary, is mostly in dealing with their autistic son Matt due to their different views on how to manage their family. They eventually joined the eighth, Mary, who came to provide some food and blankets for the seven lonely, but its SUV was also trapped by the church. When eight interacts with each other, they have found that the real Christmas soul comes to the surface, which helps everyone with their own life problems, especially when they work together to help Mary and Joke specifically to help.
552 ::: Holiday Plans (2013) ::: family ::: Holiday plans "about what is happening about the month of the tree what his mother wants to take a holiday in their hands on vacation.
553 ::: "Magabotato" (2010) ::: family ::: In a fun, fun and insanely funny way, magabato cast and crew take viewers in the fascinating table universe and small games. Each episode contains gaming reviews, step-by-step guides for painting or diorama craft, news section and some comedy clips. Bringing the world of table games and small games closer to hobbyists and newbies alike-as it deviates as possible.
554 ::: The BIG Renovation (1997) ::: family ::: See how the house was built from the ground. Learn about all the tools that are taken to build architecture, framing, electricity, plumbing and a new home. Find out how the tiles are made and see the real Samle in action. Also learn about the worst.
555 ::: Rene, Bill and Janet (2012) ::: family ::: Documents for bankruptcy during a year, photography and part of our lives are more important than ever. Rene, Bill and Janet are in the Kodak Prints box of 1970, in the late 1990s, in the junk shop in Khakney in late 1990s. I know their lives - after they are written behind pictures. This small movie center is around the holiday to Scotland. They register themselves with their cameras, for history, I don't know them in a few years and their life will be important to me.
556 ::: "Sci Q" (2008) ::: family ::: Andrew wants to set a survey for the work of reading songs. There is only one problem - it's a loud sound. In the message, visitors learn the foundation of sound from a man's blue and learn how to insert the necklace necklace.
557 ::: Prom Dress (????) ::: family ::: The beautiful old dress that the young dancer Robin finds on her mysterious employer is deadly; It looks perfect for the party. What Robin does not know is that the dress has a terrifying secret that will attract other reassuring girls in a terrifying nightmare that he will never forget. Based on Ya's novel by Lael Littke.
558 ::: "Mrs. Cabobble's Caboose" (1986) ::: family ::: A musical show of children broadcasting on PBS in the mid-1980s. The show was opened with the theme of the lady. A kabobble that folded a toy train that ran from the fictional neighborhood she loved in. Mrs. Cabobbles lives in red cabos along with many other characters and neighbors. Speaking furniture and friends from all over her neighborhood helped her teach children about music.
559 ::: Dik Trom (2010) ::: family ::: Excessive limited amount of size of the quality of TROM TrOM trom is formed in the city Hedonist due to food and fun. When the seller is giving his father the opportunity to make it his own life, a family who stimulates yearners. It is their health that attracts homes from healthcare is the most interesting and destination.
560 ::: "Barkitecture" (2005) ::: family ::: Barkitecture gets families who bark the right tree! Every episode is the Rags to Riches story of a quirky dog ​​who finds a permanent house, and the family that welcomes the new pet in their lives. Hosts Dr. Karen Tobias and Kenny Alfonso walk the family through the adoption process and help them prepare for the dog's home. Dr. Karen uses her experience as a veterinarian to give the family tips on how to take care of their new friend and teaches them how to choose the best supplies. Kenny designs and builds a stylish, adapted dog loft that is safe and functional.
561 ::: Kings Island 20th Anniversary Special (1994) ::: family ::: The 20 -year anniversary of Kings Island with Jason Priestley was shot on location with a crew of fifty -five people and more than 450 extras. One of the first hand looks at the history of the park. Drive along while Jason and the gang take you on five of the best roller coasters in the country and get a view of many of the best attractions in the park.
562 ::: "La Vetrina Del Successo" (1986) ::: family ::: The series consists of 13 shows of 24 minutes. each. The shows were broadcast weekly on local TV and on cable. The aim of the series was to present the viewers the most successful people in the Italian community in various industrial fields. Bruno Pischiutta interviewed industrialists, sports champions, artists and many others who, after emigration from Italy to Canada, achieved great success in their career.
563 ::: "The Center" (2003) ::: family ::: Special music players and / or visitors interviewed their work, and sharing their behavior, and scientific life in the home. Personal behavior, relationship, and education such as large, time management, dating and skills necessary to success.
564 ::: 30th Annual Mrs. America Pageant (2005) ::: family ::: Mrs. America Inc. And Women's Entertainment Television celebrate the 65 million married women of America by presenting the 30th annual Mrs. America Pageant, from beautiful Palm Springs, California. America's favorite ball dancer, actor John O'Hurley, will dust his tuxedo to organize the competition. O'Hurley help to get the backstage dish on all 51 delegates will be Apprentice Alum and former Mrs. District of Columbia, representatives of Omarosa Manigault-Stalworth, each will compete for the crown based on their performance, evening dress and swineel competitions . The newly crowned Mrs. America 2006 will compete in March 2006 in the upcoming Mrs. World Competition, which will also be broadcast nationally on television.
565 ::: "Gorilla School" (2010) ::: family ::: The Gorilla school follows a remarkable story of the long-term reintroduction of the born gorillas trapped back in the wild. Three Gorillas of the Baby West Lowland, Kouki, Oudiki and Tiya are taken on an extraordinary journey from Kent to the Gabon rainforest where their ancestors once live
566 ::: Angels in the Snow (2015) ::: family ::: Montgomies-Parents Charles and Judith, and their three children, fifteen-year-old Alexander, fourteen-year-old Jennifer and 8-year-old Emily-are passing Christmas on new, different, sophisticated, sophisticated. A mountain cabin made by the Charles Development Company in the upstate New York. Externally Charles made it so they could spend time there to reconnect as a family, but they all know that he really made it to support that business. They are not happy for a long time as a family, because the workholic Charles is always concerned that the company is close to folding, especially if it does not look at things, when Judith feels that he or she treats their entire family as a second priority of work and associated. Money and physical wealth. Big snowstorms make it in the cabin before the area hits the area. They tuckers - only parents and Amy, and their two children, fifteen -year -old Robbie and fourteen -year -old Lucy - get a surprise harder from their door, who ran from the road in their van when they were on their way to a day's ski trip, where they were stormy. Until one who needs shelter. Unlike Montgomery, tuckers are a loving, happy family, which supports each other as a family unit. Montgomies and tickers bond together during their limited time, but the intense presence of tuckers may not be enough to show what Montgomeries need to do to avoid their family breakdown.
567 ::: Wizard of Youth (2016) ::: family ::: Four children who play the magician of the youth game are surprised when the characters are brought from the game to life and invite them to come into play what they do and they are immediately transported to the magical kingdom of the youth, where You learn how to take care of your health and stay young for the rest of your life, no matter how old you get. Together with the magician, his magical dog rock rock and the slightly neurotic cat Diebles, the children listen to the magician he taught to stay young, while the evil dark magician, dark fitness, tries to make them all Not to take away, not to take care of yourself. Evaluated g, education and fun for the whole family in the tradition of older cartoons that entertain all age groups. Approved in schools and teachers. Magician of Youth Com
568 ::: The Fairies Christmas Ballet (2011) ::: family ::: Live recorded in high resolution at the magnificent Sydney State Theater during the Fairy National Tour and is transformed into a one -hour family movie, the Fairies Christmas Ballet has new songs, old favorite fairies (including Jump Jump Star and The Silly Fairy farie song ') and magnificent Christmas Christmas; A lively scenario and beautiful choreographed dances, placed on a magical background of thousands of fabulous lights sparkling by a giant Christmas tree. The best fairy -tale friends harmony and Rhapsody and the fabulous princess will delight their fans of fairy tales as they dance on their toes ("En Pointe"). Add a little serious Christmas swing from Barnaby, twist of elf, Wizie magic and the appearance of Santa, wearing a bag of extras and this movie will have children singing, dancing and smiling in cinema places in the whole of Australia. Check out the Fairies Christmas Ballet exclusively at an event, Greater Union, Birch Carroll & Coyle and Village Cinemas Victoria on December 1st. All tickets only $ 8*. This movie is released from classification.
569 ::: "What Do They Do in There?" (2008) ::: family ::: What are they doing there? Takes his title from a hip and happening column, which was written by the eleven-year-old Abby Brown and ten-year-old Ian Carter. Abby and Ian are investigative reporters for their school newspaper, The Riverhead Beacon. Always looking for companies with strange, fascinating names and Abby's pleasure tries to find out what these companies do. Notebooks in hand and ready for mischief and these two clever slchens research the fascinating worlds of science, medicine, technology, manufacturing, aviation and entertainment ... Phew! Just try to keep up with you! Or you can read your column. But clicking on the TV and sharing is much more fun!
570 ::: Positively Ozitively (2013) ::: family ::: In this innovative problem solving series, Dot, Dorothy's daughter, goes to Oz every day with the children of loved characters from L. Frank Baum, Wizard of Oz. In each episode, the yellow brick road leads to a new magical place where it solves problems along with its friends Oz.
571 ::: "Fabriek Romantiek" (2012) ::: family ::: Find out the reason for avoiding a physical luxury life and to avoid stressful existence. Enjoy a few things of life. The factory of a romance is not just a collection of some simple tips and tricks for decorating your home; It's 'the way of life'. The starting point of 'Factory ROM Fa Romance' is a loft/workshop in the middle of the Vibrant city. At this place we meet Carolin, one of the two presenters. It will give us some enticing, infinite inspiring and various yourself tips and tricks every week. All of these will be combined with different things where Eva (other presenter) will visit different types of hot-spots, find interesting people and where it reminds us how we can enjoy the small thin in life. Romance factory is the final lifestyle program.
572 ::: "The Farm" (2013) ::: family ::: Ian Naur brings us from time to time before fast food chains and processed foods, when Americans actually ate and lived out of the ground. With an overdance of the show "Dump and Stere", we expect to hit the opposite end of the market spectrum using all the natural ingredients and dishes cooked with scratches. The show wants to fulfill a trusted proven for classic American cooking by detecting the major ingredients through their growing, raising, fishing, hunting and all the ways on the table. Favorite staples such as grilled venison and potato salad take the whole new life when we both know where the material comes from and uses them in modern and eccentric cuisine. Ian, on its experience in the kitchen, absorbs the audience to bring entertaining and educational recipes that they will be motivated to cook for themselves and their families. Ten years after traveling to the world in search of the best food, Ian realized that the way he hunts, cooks, and eats, he is not only durable, but healthy and tasty Is. He will show you why eating this way is much more than just one craze - this is a durable, fresh and fun lifestyle. Staying away from the ground not just leads a healthy and environmentally friendly lifestyle, but it also produces world -class food and is a picture of American cooking. Viewers will feel that they have been invited to roll their sleeves and have become a food rebellion in this country - a real -life field for table experience.
573 ::: The Essence Awards (1994) ::: family ::: The 1994 Essence Awards tribute eight prominent African-American men for their achievements in their respective fields and for their important contributions to their communities. The awards ceremony, with the hosts Vanessa Williams and Sinbad, was filmed in front of a star -studded audience at the Paramount theater in New York City on April 22, 1994.
574 ::: Jungle to Jungle (2014) ::: family ::: Amanda and Jill are flying in their airship when a call from this week's "kid correspondent". He asks girls to help identify the strange prime. Girls go to an adventure to find the answer with the help of their app -based friend Livingstone.
575 ::: "Kajsas ko" (1999) ::: family ::: What would you do if you suddenly won a real live cow? This is what happens to Kajsa when she and her father one day visit a local fair. All her life, Kajsa wanted her own animal and suddenly she wins Pärlan, a cow, in a raffle! But cows like Pearl need a lot of attention and work. On the one hand, they must be treated twice a day, and the cows trafficking is not so simple if you are not used to it. When it rains, the cow must be somewhere, but, if you live in an ordinary terraced house, find a place so that the lively cow can be a bit of a problem. And of course, cows should also eat. Cows eat a lot. There is no way that the grass in the Kajsa garden will be enough for a hungry cow. So, no matter how much Kajsa tries, Pearl just doesn't like living with Kajsa. In fact, Pearl is missing the life of the country and all his cow friends.
576 ::: "Get Fresh" (1986) ::: family ::: Get new is Saturday day. Set the blank called blactunbin and every week visitors to go to the community around the city and tells interesting, showing a picture and has competition. The visitor continues to work with less than things that have no desires from filter filminnell and usually mucus.
577 ::: "Marlo and the Magic Movie Machine" (1977) ::: family ::: Marlo Higgens is a low computer expert expelled to a sub -base office by his vindictive boss. However, his life means entering a secret room every time of closing, and it means that artificial intelligent computers called magic film machines are built secretly. I am. MARLO and his machine are exploring and joking, mainly with viewers' communication, in a huge collection of video files in various archive images.
578 ::: Malysh i Karlson, kotoryy zhivyot na kryshe (1971) ::: family ::: A neat Karlson and a child who is easily fooled is a famous story hero. Carlson likes being deceived and he has an "unique" excuse for all the results of his attitude: "Trivia is everyday!" I don't think, but in the same way, he doesn't have to miss a flying friend. After that, climbing on the roof, friends prevented great theft (the role of the scammer -Andrey Mironov), they had a evil housekeeper together.
579 ::: Ek Naya Rishta (1988) ::: family ::: Womazing and alcoholic Rajiv Tandon lives a rich lifestyle with his widowed industrial father, Shankardayal in a palatial house. When his father died unexpectedly, he wants all his wealth and money to be inherited only by Rajiv after obtaining the birth of a son within 18 months of his death. Rajiv is not interested in marriage, nor by any permanent relationship with a woman, and is ready to redistribute the richness of his father among their loved ones. When he takes note of their greed, he decides to give birth to an heir according to the wishes of his father. The only problem is that he does not want to get married but that he just has sex with a woman, who must give birth to a child, then leave his life forever. After a long research, he meets Aarti Saxena, with whom he would like to have his child. She initially refuses, but when the financial crisis threatens her, she accepts this relationship. Rajiv accepts, even if Aarti's profession is that of an appeal girl and an escort. He is organized for her in Live in Reconst, has a car and servants for her disposition. Soon she gets pregnant. Shortly before giving birth, she wrote to Rajiv, breaking their understanding and therefore for an unknown destination. The question is, with it disappeared, the same goes for the avenue of the inheritance of Rajiv and the easy and selfish life to which it was used to.
580 ::: The Essence Awards (1994) ::: family ::: Simple Missions of 1994 payments to eight men are different for their resources and for their need for their country. The ceremony, and visitors vanesa williams in sinbad, before listening to the lab in April 22, 1994.
581 ::: Thomas & Friends: Merry Christmas, Thomas! (2011) ::: family ::: Thomas lights up tracks in a magical Christmas collection! Go up adventure and mood as your favorite engines are preparing for the festive system. Help Thomas, then add a big tree to the sodor, then join the locomotes, then join the locomotes, as they sing the Misty Island Snow song until the expectations of winter miracles. When gooseberries, Gordon, Mavis and Percy will take you to a steamship for a special surprise. "T.Z. Thomas and festive magic with friends! It is distinguished by episodes: snow, snow, surprise, surprise, snow and tree difficulties. British releases are distinguished by episodes: Christmas tree expressing, salt surprise, a winter party, Percy, snowy and tree difficulties.
582 ::: At the Top of the Pyramid (2014) ::: family ::: At the top of the pyramid is an action -packed group comedy/drama for a group of young people trying to find the courage to follow their hearts. Full of music, sports, friendship and romance, it describes it as Briting It on Meets Lights Lights Night. A driven character, which is injected into the music, at the top of the pyramid is a classic movie group. Warm but exciting, the story is revealed in a fierce study of the family. The social hierarchy of adolescents in that rare place and life time and adults who dare to guide them. Although the point of our entry is the world of high school encouragement, at the top of the pyramid is heavily in the psychological surrealism of dreams, nightmares, fears and unstables that chase adolescents, then peak dramatically and, as a chronical relationship. , It is peak. And resilience of the human soul. We, led by our hero, Jimmy Parker, are trying to learn the true meaning of courage, trust and friendship because he tries to top his pyramid. With a girl, she has the soul, Spunk, and the killer who tops her in encouraging leadership, but after enduring a mysterious and devastating fall, losing her confidence is so severe, that her family is so severe. They decide to get away with human beings killed a year later, and Jimmy and his mother are forced to go back and face his demons. After his return to Centerville, the United States, we meet with a group of friends, Frienemies and his petitioners. They take us to an urgent adventure, summer, adventure, new unity and discover new loyalty. Definition and testing of characters that illustrate integration and purpose. Can they keep it together and put it at the top of their personal pyramids? At least before the first day of school ... Although comparison with other strange films that are essential to teenagers aimed at adolescents, the top of the pyramid is quite unique for itself. The characters are rich in life and become real. They are familiar and yet unusual. Opposite but vulnerable; Refreshment, honest, valid and completely autonomous. The tendency to accept their emotions and their ability to deal with the differences that make emotions makes us embrace their trips, and what is compelling and entertaining at the top of the pyramid. "That's not what happens or what you feel ... but what you do!"
583 ::: Color of the Cross 2: The Resurrection (2008) ::: family ::: Jean Klowo Lamarr (cross color) is another epic film of the service of Jesus Christ. These courageous films depict the resurrection of Jesus Christ and his ministry after death. After Jesus' cross, his disciples threaten their life. As they prophesy, Jesus lost his hope that Jesus returned to them. Three days later, Mary Magdalen, Mary's mother of Jesus, and other women go to the tomb to put spices on Christ's body. They surprise when the grave is completely exhausted. Jesus' body left. Now frightened women flow from the tomb when two angels stop them. They stated to the women who have raised Christ! Women, still grieving, went to the disciples. The resurrection resurrection of the resurrection as a cross color with the same enthusiasm and surprise explains the resurrection of the resurrection and the new prospects for Christ's rise.
584 ::: Crowning Jules (2017) ::: family ::: Jules is a shining of the sassy 17 trying to leave the tradition of the family, but as it forced it to support with his twin nimeses, Madison, who was going to make it known good. The road trip they takes time youths coming in to come in to come into dangerous thieves and pursuing dangerous thieves.
585 ::: A Ghost Tail (????) ::: family ::: This family comedy is located in a small town on OAHU, and follows the horrific adventures of a young boy and a noble dog to see the eyes because it proves that in order to make a difference, you help if you have a little soul.
586 ::: The 68th Annual Academy Awards (1996) ::: family ::: The American Academy of Arts and Film Sciences, from 1940 known as "Oscar" - - The American Film Award that was created in 1929 and traditionally delivered to the figures of cinematic art for its contribution to the creation of films.
587 ::: You've Got a Friend (2007) ::: family ::: In 1976, Bobby Graham, 12, a recent orphan, moved to Eagle Rock to live with his aunt and uncle. Determined to follow in the creative traces of his late father, Bobby challenges his uncle and joins the reclusive city, the veterinarian of Vietnam Jim Klecan, to build a soap boxing car and participate in the derby ...
588 ::: "Nanna's Cottage" (2006) ::: family ::: World traveler and archaeologist Abigale "Nanna" pasta tells her grandchildren and their knowledge of their grandchildren and their friends about the world and their friends and nannish cottage. Each episode is filled with warmth, adventurous, fun, music, valuable classes and slightly magic.
589 ::: Soldier of Liberty (2003) ::: family ::: Registration in the second Virginia Hong with a young freedom recruitment soldier examines the daily life of a soldier on the eve of the US Revolution. The march with Nathaniel Hatson for its first encounter with noise, confusion and terror of war.
590 ::: Johnson & Friends: Songs from the Toybox (1995) ::: family ::: Johnson, the pink elephant, the Alfred hot water bottle, the diet of the landfill, the McDuff the Concertina, the Squeaky The Robot and Victoria The Dinosaur Star in their own music video. Join the toys while they sing all your favorite songs from this popular television series and go into four Madcap Escapades in Michael's bedroom.
591 ::: Lots & Lots of Toy Trains Vol. 1: Big Trains & Little Trains! (2003) ::: family ::: It has the largest assortment of toy trains and model railways ever recorded with fun music and sung songs of musician, James Coffey. Children from 3 to 93 will love to watch this video over and over again. Includes Christmas, Halloween, small brick trains, large garden railroads, railway cars count and many more. The bonus feature includes exciting real live trains in action.
592 ::: "Beyond Black Beauty" (????) ::: family ::: When the small town canadier Joanna Greene, an unexpected scholarship for a prestigious rice academy wins, she soon realizes that she is the ultimate fish-out-of-water. The bond that will form Jo with her horse jet will be far more sensible and deep and shocking secrets, which understand her really wonderfully common fate from the spirits of their respective past, secrets that allow both horse and girl.
593 ::: Little League's Official How-to- Play Baseball Video (1985) ::: family ::: Little Little League's official How-to-Play video combines 70 minutes of fun and easy-to-understand instruction with network style video effects in 19 comprehensive chapters. Basic enough for beginners, but informative enough to help even the brightest young stars shines. Produced by Little League for 8-14-year-old players, the video teaches all the skills they need to excel in America's favorite hobby. There is a friends book that complements the video.
594 ::: The Big Auto Plant (2001) ::: family ::: The Big Auto Plant is a live-action adventure, which takes children around the world-to see how the design studios in Stutgart, Germany, from the design studios and engine plant in Germany to the Ultra-Moder Assembly Plant in Tuscalosa County in Alabama, to see what is designed and designed. The video shows how the car is created from a sheet of paper through the engineering and assembly process. There is also a special animated section on how the engine works! Other components of the program also show a wild ride on the wind tunnel, crash tests and outdoor test track. The video was shot on-loot as digitally in Germany and the USA. It shows the lovely story of how a modern automobile is designed and built. Hundreds of people in two different continents can see how to work together to create a new car.
595 ::: The 68th Annual Academy Awards (1996) ::: family ::: The Award for the American Academy of Cinematographic Arts and Sciences, has been known since 1940, - the US Film Award in 1929 and traditionally assigned the data of cinematographic art for his contribution to the production of films.
596 ::: The Concert (2017) ::: family ::: No. He tries to reduce herself, but he has a serious problem while transmitting the city to do it during his son invite.
597 ::: "Birthday People" (2000) ::: family ::: The birthday was a British children's television program, which took place for several years on the regional Devon and Cornwall channel Westcountry, later Carlton Westcountry Television and then ITV1 Westcountry. The program presenting birthday cards and messages hosted a pair of puppet characters called Flotsam and Jetsam. Captain Fleets lived in the HERINGBONE SCAL LAG with their blow to Jesse Jesse. Here they will present the "Birthday Diary" while they had different - often surreal adventures. From time to time they join other puppets - pirates Salvador pirates Swash and fasten the seadoga, their more pure - lighthouse Lille and their resident - a prominent professor who would often be placed through painful and humiliating experiments to test a stupid theory or respond to viewers at home (who include a large number of students ). The program was only two to three minutes long, but there was often a permanent history or topic that would take them during the week. A broadcast from the HerringBone Rock headlamp in Cornwall, Captain Bernard Fleets and Jesse, his always unfaithful Seagull presented the birthday day . Between the chronicity of children's birthdays throughout Devon and Cornwall, they have barely survived very outrageous and unclear adventures in a world where everything can and will probably happen.
598 ::: What's in the Bible? Vol 1: In the Beginning (2010) ::: family ::: "Initially" consists of two 25 -minute episodes. Part 1: "What is the Bible?" How does it come together? The kids teach alongside Bak Denver, Sunday's School Lady, Louis' brother and the crew who tell the story of God and what he has done for us. Episode 2: "Who wrote the Bible?" Then, the tanks and friends learn how God induces people to write the Bible. They also learn how to determine the first part of the emergence of a stage for the rest of the Bible - and all history.
599 ::: My Extraordinary Summer with Tess (2019) ::: family ::: Sam (10) and his family go to the Dutch island of Terschelling on vacation, but his brother breaks his leg there on her first day. Bad luck for his brother, but the accident lets Sam Tess meet; A strange girl who has a brilliant plan to get to know her biological father. She only has a week to get his acquaintance and she decides that Sam should help her. Although Sam is forces himself to practice protecting himself from future grief, he discovers how important family really is during his adventure.
600 ::: The Runner from Ravenshead (2010) ::: family ::: Sam was sentenced to Rafusheed's prison, guarded by guards who keep watching vigilance and follow -up to anyone trying to escape. Fortunately, there is a service of asylum city guide to direct the fleeing prisoners towards freedom. When Sam breaks it, the service of the infected guide is forced to transfer employees to assign an enthusiastic gap but the accident exhibition, Henry, instead of a regular guide. Sam and Henry are testing the escape of hair, Farhan's copying, and climate chase in the missile service guide. An attractive symbol knows how to find a comfort of life struggles.
601 ::: "My Animal Friends 3: Underwater Mission" (2015) ::: family ::: Twenty-six incredible submarine stories for children organized and told by Sara and Max and their inseparable friendly submarine, Emma "The Sea Turtle". Young viewers will be attracted by these impressive adventures at sea, in which breathtaking images reveal hidden and beauty worlds. We meet all the favorite marine creatures and explore their aqueous houses.
602 ::: "The Gift" (1997) ::: family ::: The gift is sent to one person to another and this series is just based on funny and ridiculous things that happen to Henry and Ralph. Enzo and Leo should follow the gift and the person with the gift should be told to do it. When the prize carrier finds the real ability to send it to someone else.
603 ::: Flowing Faster Than Water (????/I) ::: family ::: Flowing faster than water, there is a film about a teenage boy named Seen Decker, who likes to swim, has been doing for the last twelve years. One day he is asked to compete in the fifty annual three mile swimming in his city. But to win Sean, he must help him through his family, friends and most importantly God.
604 ::: Clark Is (????) ::: family ::: Clark. Puppet show for a screen. Strict theater is being predicted. The owner tries to save the theater by renting a famous band, but the band has fallen down the earth's face. Clarke goes on and accepts the challenge to save the theater, impress the girl, and to have a new voice of a new era.
605 ::: Anolkhi Hey Ghar Maze (2009) ::: family ::: The relationships and social things are placed in terms because of the great trust and love. But many times when any type of business or transaction begins with such a relationship and is beautiful, these difficulty that makes these relationships starts. The reason that everything he is looking for is the perfect idea from each manner in the way you keep in mind that you will get themselves more than a relationship. But whenever the same situation is considered to use it instead of being happy or another can lead to these contacts. According to this article is a story about "Aikhe He Ghar Maze"
606 ::: "Mathmakers" (1978) ::: family ::: In this show, we see the comic experiences of a television program crew while struggling to produce a TV program that explains the various concepts of mathematics. While they face many complications, they accomplish the task through entertaining lessons about arithmetic and engineering through comedy, songs and cartoons, especially with the adventures of the resident heroic heroes, plastic man.
607 ::: "Kajsas ko" (1999) ::: family ::: What would you do if you suddenly won a real living cow? This is what happens to Kajsa when she and her father visit a local stock exchange one day. All her life Kajsa has wanted her own animal and suddenly she wins Pärlan, a cow, in a lottery! But cows like Pearl need a lot of attention and work. First, they have to be milked twice a day, and milking cows is not that easy if you are not used to it. When it rains, the cow must be somewhere, but if you live in a normal terrace -shaped house, finding a place for the cow to live can be a bit of a problem. And of course cows also have to eat. Cows eat a lot. The grass in Kajsa's garden will not be enough for a hungry cow in any way. So, no matter how hard Kajsa is trying, Pearl just doesn't like life with Kajsa. Pearl even misses country life and all her cow friends.
608 ::: MGP Missionen (2013) ::: family ::: Karl a young boy living in a small town on the Danish coast should move to Copenhagen very much for his disagreement. At school he is being ridiculed for his accent. However he becomes friends with Sawsan, a Turkish girl who has the ambition to control the X factor like a competition although her father will not leave it. Together they build a plan to challenge a Sawsan father.
609 ::: At the Top of the Pyramid (2014) ::: family ::: At the top of the pyramid is an ensemble comedy / drama packed with action on a group of young people, who struggle to find the courage to follow their heart. Filled with music, sport, friendship and romance, it has been described as bringing it to the Friday night lighting meeting. Character driven by character, infused with music, at the top of the pyramid is a classic adolescent film. Heat but exciting, history unfolds in an intense family study; A teenage social hierarchy in that rare place and time of life, and adults who are afraid to try to guide them through it. Although our entry point is the leading high school cheer world, at the top of the pyramid it deeply enters into the psychological surrealism of dreams, nightmares, fears and insecurity that adolescent suffering, Then dramatically the highlight as a chronic of the power of relationships and the resilience of the human spirit. Led by our heroin, Jamie Parker, we participate in her struggle to learn the true meaning of courage, trust, and friendship as she struggles to make her at the top of her pyramid. Spitfire of a girl, has the spirit, spunk, and killer skills that force her in the leading cheer, but after suffering a mysterious and devastating fall, her confidence loss is so serious, that her family decides to Get away - a year later her father is killed and Jamie and her mother are forced to go back and face her demons. As soon as he returned to Centerville, the United States, we meet her group of friends, frienemies, and suitors. They take us on urgent, summer, adventure, forming fresh alliances and discovering new loyalities; Definition and character testing challenges that reveal integrity and purpose. Can they hold it together and make it at the top of their own individual pyramids? At least before the first day of school ... Although comparisons with other strange films aimed at adolescents are justified, at the top of the pyramid is a completely unique story for herself. The characters are brought with a lot of life and made real; They are familiar but not uncommon; Challengers but vulnerable; Hygienic, honest, authentic and completely self. The willingness to accept their feelings and their ability to confront the differences that make those feelings, lead us to embrace their trips, and are what they do at the top of the pyramid compelling and fun. "Not what happens or how you feel ... but what do you do!"
610 ::: "Krysta's Kingdom" (2009) ::: family ::: The good -hearted Krysta, played by it laughs laughs, loves all animals and not only teaches them to spell and count, but also to cook and explore their imagination. Krysta can ensure that all her friends feel comfortable when she is around them. Children of all ages will enjoy seeing Krysta trip and adventures. Although Krysta is the only human character in the kingdom of Krysta, her friends will prove that they have human qualities that children can help to learn valuable lessons. The kingdom of Krysta will offer children a way to escape in the global world and not worry about something, but what will happen next. As the adventure continues, children will be under the spell of the changing tides while the characters start new journeys. Krysta helps all characters in Krysta's Kingdom -gel together to form great tires. Krysta will encourage children to come up with their own adventures. They will want to think of their own games to reflect what Krysta and her friends have achieved.
611 ::: Indebted to You (2015) ::: family ::: After the death of his mother, Raju is a scope from Shuvo and his family. So the two boys form a very close friendship that is shared when Shuvo escapes the house. Years later, Shuvo sees a picture of his mother and raju in the newspaper and decides to return home.
612 ::: "The Bible Boat" (2005) ::: family ::: On this trip, a classmate Daniel Duck believes that doing good deeds will achieve "paradise points". When Captain Jay shares the good news of the gospel with him, Daniel resisted first, ensuring that he should work in heaven. Meanwhile, Albie buys an expensive, old sea chest on eBay. Thinking that he should be full of pirate treasure, he was trying to open it through a joyful explosive medium. In fact, as much as it takes, it becomes a imaginative wealth inside it! Of course, she remembers the end where we finally open the item and show our treasure when it appears inside. After dextering himself in the good deeds section, Daniel finally realized that the good news is a free gift and prayed for Christ. In fact, he shares good news with others!
613 ::: Color of the Cross 2: The Resurrection (2008) ::: family ::: From director Jean Claude Lamarre (Color of the Cross), another epic film about the ministry of Jesus Christ is. This heartfelt film portrays the resurrection of Jesus Christ and his ministry after his death. Following Jesus' cross, the disciples are hiding by believing their lives in danger. They had lost all hope that Jesus would return to them as he was prophetized. Three days after his death, Mary Magdalene, Mary the Mother of Jesus, and other women climb into the grave to put a spice on the body of Christ. They are shocked to find the grave completely empty. Jesus' body ended. Women are now frightened from the grave, when two angels stop them. They declare women that Christ has increased! Women, still perplexing, going and spreading the news to the disciples. Created with the same enthusiasm and wonderful interpretations as the color of the Cross, the resurrection brings a new perspective of the Resurrection and the ascension of Christ.
614 ::: 1993 Essence Awards (1993) ::: family ::: An expression of an extremely relevant, clean African women out. Ann Margaret is the one who appears during this indication. The highest gift is the best event of African culturally celebrities that music in the United States. In Louisia, what this gift is referred to as the exhibitions in New Orleans New 2006, Texas for Hurricane Katrina. It is the one work at work at work as four beautiful rooms only, superlounge will go down.
615 ::: The BIG Renovation (1997) ::: family ::: See how a house is built from the ground up. Find out more about architecture, frame, electricity, sanitary and all tools required for the construction of a new house. Discover how tiles are made and see a real sawmill in action. Even more learning about termites.
616 ::: Pirate's Code: The Adventures of Mickey Matson (2014) ::: family ::: Heroes Mickey and his best friends, Suli, are forced to take a mission to protect our country from the evil plans of Admiral IronSides. Admiral of modern -day pirates and their maximum crew have controlled a large trader ship with a plan to deploy a new type of weapon that can destroy every electronic device on Earth. If IronSides are successful, it may end the world as we know.
617 ::: Monopoly (2008) ::: family ::: You have played the board game, now play in a completely new way. With the original board game along with several different editions that will delight all monopoly fans. Play through each board game, the more properties you have obtained that the more points you can unlock the other editions of board games. Also for the first time, to be able to play monopoly with completely different rules in the Get Rich Quick edition. There are also some mini games to unlock while the Get Rich Quick edition is played.
618 ::: "A Kid Called Mayonnaise" (2017) ::: family ::: When a small town, Mayo Davis, moved to Los Angeles, he knew that his mother's help in managing a motel would be exciting. What he did not know is how alone it will be. So when a mysterious girl leads to an exhibition and a wave in Mayo, he begins to be an epic and surreal endeavor to find her, just to discover that he must choose between making a friend and making a position.
619 ::: Secrets in the Fall (2015) ::: family ::: Nothing is impossible for a group of young campers, friends and enemies alike, on a weekend retreat at Pinnacle Camp. But what starts as an exciting desert adventure turns into trouble when a young camper remains missing and the rest of the group wants to start finding it. Campers are forced to overcome their differences and band together to call their weekend again and make it out of the woods before darkness!
620 ::: Indebted to You (2015) ::: family ::: After the death of his mother, Raju Shufu and his family protect. Soon the boys make up a very close friendly friendly that is suddenly broken when Choufu escapes from the house. Years later, Choufo sees a picture of his mother and Raju in the newspaper and decides to go home.
621 ::: Buck Denver Asks... Why Do We Call It Christmas? (2011) ::: family ::: Cutting trees? Hanging socks? Santa Claus? What does one of them have with Jesus' birthday? More than you would think! VEGGIETALES Creator Fil Visher past the Intrepid Newsman Buck Denver Journey on the most popular holiday in the world! You know the Christmas story. But do you know the history of Christmas? Don't miss the educational, Christmical Party to end all Christmas parties.
622 ::: Wizard of Youth (2016) ::: family ::: Four children playing the youths, when they do the movies that make them come in, they do, and they move, and they learn how to care for their health And stay young in the lives of their lives, regardless of age they became. Including wizard, his magical dogs and small cats, children, teach them when teaching them all through educating it. Rated G, tutorial, and fun for the whole family and the tradition of adults enjoys all the years. Shown at school and teacher approved. The Test of COM youth
623 ::: Junior High Spy (2011) ::: family ::: If his F.B.I. Agent Father is kidnapped, Ricky Lazio Jr. believes that he knows who did it ... but the agency rejects his leadership as a child's play. With a series of gadgets of his father with high-tech spy agents, he has to do his homework before dinner and save the day!
624 ::: The Legend of the Mountain Man (2008) ::: family ::: The Legend The F-Mountain Man is a family-friendly story that will be enjoyed by viewers of all ages in the American Sign Language. The mountain set up in the beautiful Montana shows the legend of man, a typical, inactive family of five. The father, who has been conflicting with his parents for many years, decides to send his three children to his parents' pastoral for summer. Children unexpectedly face an animal, which has never been found or recorded in history books. When viewers navigate children's past and try to reconcile with some family members, they come with children on a heartbreaking journey.
625 ::: The Tillamook Treasure (2006) ::: family ::: Julie, a lonely 14 -year -old girl, moves from Los Angeles to Manzanita, Oregon's seaside town after her writer's father, Robert, has lost his job. Her family, including her mother, Catholine and her sister Susan, is struggling to adapt to living in a small town. Julie's parents are struggling with their father's unemployment, and his sister Susan jumps out with Tom, a non -local logger, seeing comfort in the summer. The story begins with the 16th -century Spanish sailor landing on the Beach of Manzanita. They carry treasure chests to Niakany Mountain and lead the affordable black slaves. Treasures are buried, slaves are killed and placed on the ground, the treasures are "protected" and scares Indians. Currently, Julie has a dramatic encounter with a large loosebert Elk on the beach. It is a hoof that discovers the old Spanish gold flesh in the sand. Elk becomes Julie's quiet and careful guide and protector, fascinated by the legend of Tilamook's treasure and fascinated the search for gold. She is seeking the wisdom and guidance of Great Erk in Native American, his grandfather and his good friends. They tell Julie to the story of the native American that once spent the population in the region, and the story of the Native American, which was saved by slaves before his death. Heradica is said to have a black hand print marked his neck from the place where the slave grabbed his head and put his head on the water. Treasure hunters have been looking for it since then. Julie decides to find the buried gold, and finds more than she negotiated in the process. Julie's Heradica has the same black handprint marking, and she realizes that it is her spirit guide. The magical realism and mysterious stories based on the real legend of Oregon coast create a fascinating and humorous story. Above all, Tilamook's treasure is the story of the most amazing summer girl's adventure in her life. Julie finds the real treasure she already has to her family.
626 ::: A Lionel Christmas 2 (2009) ::: family ::: The memories of the Christmas morning are Rockefeller Center, Houses where Christmas trains and decorations fill all rooms, Polar Exchange, NBC today's show, and believed to be a house that fills the layout of a house featuring the Christmas Lionel Clismas Layout. Displays at Macy's, Grand Central Terminal, and FAO Schwartz taken in a place where there is no place. Pure holiday enchantment.
627 ::: "Romper Room" (1972) ::: family ::: Romper Room started in Canada as regional television shows in 1954. Firstly at CKLW TV in Windsor, Ontario with hosts Ardis Kenealy and Flora Asselstine. Other regions followed, including CJCH TV in Halifax Nova Scotia in the 1960s with host Jo-Anne Lawson, who moved to CHSJ TV in Saint John New Brunswick in the 1970s; CHCH TV in Hamilton Ontario; CHBC TV in Kelowna, British Colombia organized by Betty Pavle; Cjay TV in Winnipeg, CKVR TV in Barrie, Ontario organized by Miss Lois "Lois Welsman and CFCF TV in Montreal. In Newfoundland and Labrador a regional version was produced on Cjon TV (NTV) in St. John's, and one other regional version produced in Grand Falls-Windsor broadcast in Toronto on CFTO TV. In 1972, Romper Room was produced nationally by CKCO TV in Kitchener, Ontario, who ended the regional versions. Hosts for the National Romper Room were Benty Thompson, Diane iPpersiel and finally Fran Papert. The show ended in 1992.
628 ::: Autumn Leaves (1994) ::: family ::: A school drug counselor catches a 12 -year -old boy selling drugs on the playground, and he is sent to high school in a flashback to use his own drug and falls in love with the captain of the cheerleading squad. When the boy's mother is called for a conference, she finds that she is her long -lost love and the boy is the son he did not know that he had.
629 ::: "Birthday People" (2000) ::: family ::: People's birthday was a TV program for British for several years on Devon TV and Carlton WestCountry Television, then ITV1 WestCountry. The program, which displays children's birthday cards and their messages, was hosted by two doll characters called Flotsam and Jetsam. Captain Flotsam lived in a lighthouse on "Herningbone Rock" with his friend Jessie The Seagull. Here they will present the "Christmas Register", while they have many surreal adventures. Sometimes they will be joined by other doll characters - Pirates SALVADOR SWASH and Bupog The Seadog, their cleaner - and their resident world - the prominent professor, who would often put through painful and degrading experiences to test a ridiculous theory or would have answered About emails from viewers at home (who seemed to include a large number of students). The program was for only two to three minutes, but it often has a constant story or theme that will take them during the week. Broadcast from Herningbone Rock in Cornwall, Captain Bernard Fluzam and Jesse, Siwel Never the altar has ever the Christmas record. Among the historian of children's birthdays throughout Devon and Cornwall, they hardly survived many obscene adventures and mystery in a world where anything can happen and may happen.
630 ::: Chip & Friends (2001) ::: family ::: Chips and Friends Interactive V1.0 All important topics can be easily aware of and understand all children. Adapted from the original chip and friends video / reference curriculum, which is intended for use in scholastic and private sectors. It is designed to create computer ethics learning difficulties, simple, chip and friends are not just a game, but not all educational experience. It consists of seven interactive games, each of which solves personal problems and manually enters the topic. Also added to the game manual and instructions for teachers, as well as prakeries, their parts, rules and glossary, which can be hung with your computers and its parts. By following these instructions, these materials provide your child's first understanding about what computers to view them, and the rules you need to perform them to become responsible users of your computer.
631 ::: Wee Sing in the Big Rock Candy Mountains (1991) ::: family ::: What would it be to slide into a world of ice cream mountains and lemonade streams? Come and see Big Rock Candy Mountains! Follow Lisa and her friends, The Snoodle Doodles, on a great music adventure to a magical land right from the child's dream. Meet locals like Profster, Felicity and Little Bunny Foo Foo while singing, dancing, picnic and playing with over 20 fun songs. But it's not all candy for candy and licking lollipops. You will learn important lessons about friendship, kindness and recycling - and you will see how delicious healthy food can be. The whole family will enjoy this enchanting hour of songs, dance, further, much, fun from the special world of Wee Sing. Wee Sing in the Big Rock Candy Mountain is a fascinating addition to the Uniq World of Awarded Wee Sing Family of DVD and CD packages for books and music, known for its quality, useful, educational and music entertainment values.
632 ::: Detza igrayat van (1973) ::: family ::: Three thematically related novels. The first is "Mother, Father and Me". Adults have a hard time answering the child's questions. The young Julian sees his parents arguing. He cannot explain how his father left home, as his night shirt and bed are there. The parents send Julian to his grandfather to the village. The child has a lot of fun, there are animals - pig, cock, turkey and he plays all day. Grandpa dies. When Julian gets home, he lost himself. Her mother accidentally meets him and hugs him to cry. The second novel is "School". Three friends Julian, Rumen and Hristo use small ceramic tiles to play marble. Where to find them? There are many tiles of the variety nearby. They break the mosaic. The children are punished by their parents and at their school. The third novel is Lily. On the beach, Julian plays with Lily. He receives a shell, he gives it to the girl. The next morning Lily's family leaves. It doesn't matter to Julian's parents, but he is quite sad as he finds the shell in a chair. He is sad for the first time in a strange way, something he has never felt before.
633 ::: Papa est formidable (2005) ::: family ::: Being fired is not a pleasure cruise, but the less, but if your nine -year -old child is pissed off, because you are unable to buy the four -wheel drive that he has already called for for his friends. And when your wife can't tolerate it because you are always at home. Or, when you are not, she despises you to give a hand to a friend who holds fries on the stock exchange ... poor Eric! He was oh so quiet when he was overworked as a landscape architect ...!
634 ::: "Dumbo's Circus" (1985) ::: family ::: A live -action TV series based on Disney's Classic Dambo, an elephant with a flight ability (with his reliable feathers). All the characters were costumes (with the help of Papetronics, there is a radio control mechanism pioneered by Jim Henson's "Fraggill Rock" and Disney's "Welcome to Poo Corner". This series is I didn't create too many episodes, but for a long time it was quite popular in the cable series.
635 ::: S.E.L.L.A's Kitchen (????) ::: family ::: Sella, a 15-year-old who lives in the famous hip-hop Mecca, the Boogie Down Bronx, discovered that he has a talent for cooking that exceeds the fans' droves in his neighborhood. Soon he takes a malignant competition and under the direction of a mysterious teacher with a severe accent, a volatile personality and a culture that confessed well over Sellas. Due to their differences, common difficulties and mutual love for eating, a bond through this unlikely couple and a young city who is not aware of its intensive talent and a retired world chef, far from his today and unclear weather is a coincidence or fate. S.E.L.L.A's Kitchen, rated PG, is a comedy/family drama film 2016 based on a script by Ralph A. Celestin (Boston2philly). The family -friendly film stars (Casting) as Marley alias S.E.L.A. Sella, who lives in a famous New York City area, in which some of the most notorious cultural icons in history invented the famous genre, which is known as hip hop, attracts the attention of famous and notorious retired chef Napo, played by (casting ). With pure talent or more perhaps pure happiness, Sella ends up in the kitchen and fights for the position of the chef in Napo's new restaurant in a wealthy area of ​​the upper class in Manhattan, NYC. Story-lines deal with the cultural conflict between the world, in which Sella lives with his family and the flat, materialistic and closed community, in which the restaurant and the life of the life are located. The film itself contains elements of core family values, extensive history in terms of hip shop music, post modern racism and functions as a mixture of melodrama, artistic cinema and comedy. "Eating is an expression of art and different cultures. The kitchen is the studio, pots and pans the instruments, hands the texts and the result-hip hop." S.E.L.L.A's Kitchen, rated PG-13, is a comedy/family drama film from 2017 based on a script by Ralph A. Celestin (visionary director of Boston2philly). The family -friendly film plays Trisha Mondesir as Marley aka S.E.L.A. Sella, who lives in the famous New York City region, in which some of the most notorious cultural icons of history have invented the famous genre, which is known as a hip hop, attracts the attention of the notorious retired chef Napo, played by Arthur Williams III. Through pure talent or more perhaps pure happiness, Sella ends up in the kitchen and fights for the position of the chef in Napo's new Haitian cuisine in a wealthy area of ​​the Upper class Manhattan, NYC. Story-Lines deal with the cultural conflict between the world in which Sella lives with her family, and the flat, materialistic and closed community in which the restaurant and the life of the life live. The film itself contains elements of core family values, extensive history in relation to hip -hop music and Haitian culture, post modern racism and functions as a mixture of melodrama, artistic cinema and comedy.
636 ::: Mozhe bi fregata (1980) ::: family ::: The main force in this story is children - a group of naughty girls and boys who can play all the time. They find an ancient amphora at the bottom of the sea. Since there is an amphora, there should be a frigate. There is a mystery cave in which the captain simply goes hand in hand and comes out with a full pack. This is how the search begins. Children and adults are enthusiastic about it. Instead of frigate, they get a truth: "We don't have to enjoy."
637 ::: Into the Spider's Web (1988) ::: family ::: Boy inventor, 10-year-old Christopher Brooke, is devising a new interactive communication device for the US military. It allows a receiver to see and hear what the sender is experiencing. The device test assistance is a well -known stunt pilot Zack Taylor. However, the device and its young inventor are in danger. A shady organization led by an unprecedented woman, identified only when the spider's lady tries to steal the device and abduct the inventor. Christopher helps to hold the test and has his friend from the Misty Somers neighborhood. However, the test is successful; Mayhem bursts after the test. In Skirmish after Skirmish, friends are immersed in international intrigue and mystery. In an exciting air pursuit, Taylor's incredible cascading pilot and physical bold saves both the invention and the inventor. In an exciting culmination, supporters of the spider's lady are caught and the female crook is almost trapped in her den. True to the original novel, she is never caught and promises to return another day. Christopher Brooke's invention is a success, as well as Zack's dramatic rescue.
638 ::: Overlays (2009) ::: family ::: Overlays is part of a continuous series of videos about my son Kai. This video combines KAI home records as a baby and at the age of 3 with the manipulated footage of my morning train trip to Osaka, Japan. Soundtrack uses an electronic tone step sequence. Edited and mixed at the Experimental TV Center, Owego New York Summer 2009.
639 ::: Aabhraan (????) ::: family ::: "AABHRAK" anti-belt "Pothrage", "Charming" is one of the main factors in the Maharabashtra community. They (Madan) give birth to God and bless their sacrifices, so they bring life to the life of God. " This story is about Laha - a bitter, his wife Lakshmi and his son Arjun. He loves the emotional, love, thinking about the father and son. Laha led his son from his past and has its own traditions and culture, but still lifts the burden of customs and traditions, while Lakshmi fights the unfairness of the upper caste and still controls the family. He also blames her husband in all situations, but also knows about her husband's insolvency. And Arjun still find it difficult to answer his question, and he is "happening to me?" It is difficult to find a accepted answer, it is leaving after the existence of a potential. Will Arrjun's back? What will happen to Lahah and Lakshmi then?
640 ::: Prom Dress (????) ::: family ::: The beautiful vintage dress that the young dancer Robin finds in the attic of her mysterious employer does not look deadly; It looks perfect for the prom. What Robin does not know is that the dress has a horrible secret that other unsuspecting girls will lure into a frightening nightmare that they will never forget. Based on the YA novel of Lael Littke.
641 ::: The Fireboy (1994) ::: family ::: A restless boy is reluctantly promoted by a hard -working woman (Dobson). Her fears seem well based when the boy starts a fire. But her daughter, who initially hears the intruder, discovers that he may not be the fault of his problems. Will the growing sympathy of his foster family be sufficient to prevent the Fireboy from destroying them all?
642 ::: De gelaarsde poes (2017) ::: family ::: While Miller Son Jaap loses everything he had, he can only trust a friend: Puss in Boots. Together they travel through a strange country in search of food and work. The two won in a short time the confidence of the king and get a seat in the court. But is everything as beautiful as it seems? Is the princess as sweet as it looks? Who is James Blond? And how many lives really has a cat?
643 ::: The Untamed Blondie (????) ::: family ::: Calli, a 8-year-old little girl, parents shoot parents for parents. He made up our patronage and makes himself living in his little world. He has many animals in his new foster house. However, it does not care about any of them. Calli and his foster mother go to the nearest farm, where Calli runs a big, wild, pinch horse. Communicates with a name with a race. Calli comes out of its small world by contact with horseback. When he starts adapt to those around him, in a tragic manner.
644 ::: Epiphany (????) ::: family ::: The widower and Father Richard Lee may have gone, but it has not yet left. On the other hand, without your own will, it is still earthly as the invisible observer of family events that follow their own death, just before Christmas. Richard's children have moved away from their father and the small town in which they grew up. Look silently while they return home to attend their funeral and to solve their heritage. He can listen to his thoughts and witness his actions; He sees the memories of childhood events through his eyes, even when he vividly remembers his own version of the same events. In this surreal existence of death, he finds out about the disappointments that his children feel regarding the roads they have chosen in life. There is Jonathan, the hungry artist, who suffocates his own skills with a sense of self -imposed failure. David, the success story of the eldest son and the family that is consumed with cynicism and negativity. And Ruth, the daughter who is overwhelmed by the lack of satisfaction she has found in the "great city", and regrets the decisions he has made regarding the race and relationships. In spite of everything, Richard Lee still can not do anything to help, since he witnesses the secrets, pain, internal struggles and their relationships with others. Until his death, he never knew that each of his children was fighting with the weight of bitter disappointments, lost opportunities and regrets. In addition, he was never really aware of what they thought of his father and his childhood in that rural city. And maybe he took his death, and his subsequent return to their roots, so that the children learn this for themselves. The love they discover that their father had for them for so long sheds light on what is really important in their lives. While Richard is learning about his children, in turn they are learning more than they thought they would know about their old predictable father. Despite their preconceived notions of what they thought they thought of them, since secrets and surprises are revealed, discover that their father's love was deep and impregnated his entire existence. Their redemptive quality brings you the best Christmas gift of all.
645 ::: Ek Kulti Ek (2013) ::: family ::: A famous singer of Aaron Despand, 18 years ago, separated from his wife Nandin and Swara's daughter to pursue a professional singing, now living with only two people around his secretary Mehta and a good friend of Madura, one day that one day. She is in a surprise meeting. Her house of her daughter Swara, Aaron is not satisfied with her visit but is persuaded by her secretary Mattha to let her stay at home, while living together Aaron and Swar. Recognize each other and discover the lost love of father and daughter in it. Their relationship
646 ::: Little Heroes (1991) ::: family ::: A girl named Charley Wilson and her loyal dog named "Fuzz" are 2 best friends. Charley is anxious to make new friends. She and Fuzz become friends for Alonzo, a great farmer. Another girl named Carol Evans becomes friend of her and then Charley is coldly rejected by Carol's rich and prejudiced mother. Charley has another friend named Fritz and sometimes play and have fun. Finally, Charley is invited to Carol's birthday party and the day of Carol's party, Charley goes to the store and Carol's mother is there, Charley tells the butcher shop that he goes to Carol's party and the mother of Carol listening. She tells Charley that she would not fit with others and, not to come, Charley felt horrible. Then, Alonzo is in serious problems when a dance is cut his thumb and Charley and Fuzz do a rescue test of life and death for their love for Alonzo.
647 ::: "Amango" (2007) ::: family ::: The new academic year began at the Academy of Arts in Le Blanc. The best is accepted only in singing and dancing. However, Felipe and Majidina will be the first love for each other. Both are experienced to enter the academy. Their love will be a challenge and they can take them out by achieving their dreams. You will meet their friends: Feńa, Eduardo, Kika, Renato, Paloma, Sebastian and Kevin. This group of friends will live friendship and love as well as conflicts and obstacles that will have to face face face. Amango is a series in which dreams and nightmares are realized.
648 ::: A Christmas Reunion (2015) ::: family ::: Madinson Avenue Execute, Amri found the surprise of the unusual Christmas surprise when he is her intown bakery. Another surprise come when he's half of the bakery left to her long time boyfriend, jack. Not solved personal issues restore between them returns home to return home to combine their traditional holiday cookie cookie cooking.
649 ::: Summer with the Ghosts (2003) ::: family ::: A girl and the new friend is checking a lot of things that happens to do in the movies of Austrian men. Caroline offers his home in Montreal to join his father who was famous that set his new film and Austria. When he arrived in spite of a particular accident and problem in the movie and everyone in need to explain how they did. Suspicious and suspects to make a movie starts the examination of the ancient building as set. With her new friend Jacob sees that the hardware hardship can actually have a great cause.
650 ::: Emma and Grandpa on the Farm (1983) ::: family ::: This award -winning program was originally produced for British Telrvision and presents a live action combination with a loud narrative in lovely rhyme cupets. Follow Emma, ​​grandfather and his dog, Cindy, while exploring the excursions to the grandfather's farm in the country throughout the year.
651 ::: "S.M.A.R.T. Tips" (2013) ::: family ::: Join Constable Rick and Sergeant Short on an adventure work towards building better communities. Intelligent. Constable Rick Lemix in Tips - A DARE Trainer and community police officer, who is guiding his youth to make good, healthy decisions in life through social challenges and opportunities through social challenges and opportunities. The series was developed with the support of Municipal Police Departments, OPP and RCMP. With great suggestions of over two hours, students up to high school of elementary school learn valuable life lessons through this series of short episodes. George Stromolopolos (CBC), Arda Ocal (The Score), Paul Harrison (NHL), and many other guests are characterized! DVDs include these episodes: 1) When 911 (11 minutes.) 2) School bus security (9 minutes.) 3) Stranger security (13 min.) 4) A good circle of friends (12 minutes.) 5) Bicycle Security (16 minutes.) 6) A positive attitude (23 min.) 7) Cyber ​​risk (21 minutes.) 8) Tobacco and other medicines (14 minutes.) 9) Balpmashi (23 minutes.)
652 ::: Pop Pirates (1984) ::: family ::: An adventure film, with the original music Reggae / Ska. The Pirates, a school pop group, enter a great talent contest, things are doing well but unknown to others, lead singer Paul is heavily involved in the deception of the video piracy of Uncle. Many drama, like the kidnapping, ending up in a punch-up on a speed boat.
653 ::: "A Day in the Life" (2013/I) ::: family ::: Popular girl and cheerleader, mallori, finally school bulgies, get fed up with Jake, when she is trying to pull her into a rear street. Sick from his tyrannical grip in school, Malori finally hugged an unexpected group of friends to expose Jake's bullying and settled it once and for all.
654 ::: Food Fight (1982) ::: family ::: You are a boy named Charley Chuck who is at a Carnival Food Fight competition. You start on the right side of the screen and have to make yourself on the left side, where an ice cream cone takes away and waiting for you to eat it. To get there, you have to avoid getting into open manholes or touching or taking off from four chefs (Jacques, Oscar, Angelo and Zorba). You can absorb different types of food that lie on the screen and throw it on them to clear them out of the way, but they can bring them the same way. When the ice cream melting melts before you get there, lose this round. You get points for all foods on the screen when you eat the ice cream cone. The speed of music and the characters intensify with every higher level of play. For a really good round you will receive an immediate repetition.
655 ::: Finding Rin Tin Tin (2007) ::: family ::: The true story of the legendary German shepherd found by the American pilot Lee Duncun in France during the First World War, and later became the most famous animal star in the history of Hollywood.
656 ::: Zoo Keeper (1983) ::: family ::: You can control Zeke The Zookeeper who should save his girlfriend Zelda from the zoo. There are four levels or "adventures". Each level has its own task, such as besieging animals in the zoo, jumping on the edges to the top of the screen and jumping on animals to earn a reward guard.
657 ::: Fishtales (2007) ::: family ::: The film takes place in the Greek island's spots, where the widow loses his research grant that study Greek-history Professor Thomas Bradley's ancient love letters. He knows that he is close to a big educational progress and desperately wants to continue his research. At the home of Professor Coulter's auxiliary Oxford Dawn, Thomas was given the last chance to continue his work on the Greek island. Together with his 12 -year -old daughter Serena, Thomas left for the island of Greece for the inspiration needed to complete his thesis. Serena knows what his father needs a lot of love and find love again after losing his wife. Initially, Serena tries his hand in matching with local women on the island, they are impressed by the awkward and clumsy Thomas. Too much for ancient souls, Serena meets a beautiful fisherman. However, Menas The Evil Captain is in the form of Mavrose, with an island fisherman to kill Nereid and get his claws on her invaluable ornament-covered tail. In the end, Serena realized that she had found a suitable match for her father and hired her father's ancient Greek love mantras. In the end, Nereid sacrificed his immortality as a mortal man, who recovered Thomas and Serena in Oxford, where he received the thomas of Thomas.
658 ::: Family Katta (2016) ::: family ::: "Family Cutta" is a story of a split family, with a bye and Malati in its head, a couple celebrating the golden Juvilly wedding anniversary. Their children and grandchildren were in various cities, and over time, their families lost their contact due to unresolved issues from the past. However, the grandchild, the young man, is still close. Malati's intention is to connect the whole family for a celebration of the anniversary, and they can fill their differences, forgive each other, and get closer. It is also intended to be an opportunity for the principal's bye to allow her daughter, Manju, who ran down in college. However, things are not as planned, and Malati's dream of seeing the family together is strictly tested as in the past. The film sends a positive message that the family sticks together and loves each other, despite the past burdens and the changing world demands.
659 ::: Strange Companions (1983) ::: family ::: It is a fugitive orphan child and a man at the end of his financial rope who is a pilot who studies migratory animals. The boy stole on the plane and while the man was looking for migratory cranes had mechanical difficulties and the clash landed in a remote area of ​​Canada. After the show of the clash, they find the egg, they hatch it, and the three together challenge the elements to try to return to civilization.
660 ::: Nokhodi (2009) ::: family ::: A puppeteer whose career has been affected by the invasion of films, computer games and the Internet is fired and his show is closed. He meets a fortune teller who presents a spell, so every time they do or intimidate, he shrinks. At the moment when the size of his puppets is shrunk and he can no longer keep his family, he embarks on a mission to grow again to his original size. By meeting Nokhodi [Little Pea], the legendary character of an Iranian popular story, his destiny takes a different turn.
661 ::: Barney: Clean Up, Clean Up! (2012) ::: family ::: Cleaning has never been so fun! Barney shows his friends a period of Tee-Rific as they paint the caboose, wash the windows, collect the litter and put toys! BJ and Baby Bop Show Riff have fun to clean the park all ways when its litter tray - a waste collection robot - dysfunction.
662 ::: The Da Vinci Code Deception: Solving the 2000 Year Old Mystery (2005) ::: family ::: "The Da Vinci Code", the highest -sold novel Dawn Brown, attracted millions of readers' Ination Hanu. This provocative story is full of what is thought to be a great historical background, provoking the writer's corner materials from time to time. The Davinci code regulates the fact from the fraudulent fiction, and in this process the original Don Brown is sinking with all the plays, mystery and conspiracies of the novel. Viewers are attracted by complex and controversial answers with the help of the world's leading experts in the fields ofology, art history, philosophy and science. The Davency code explores the fraudulent events, mysterious thoughts, secret meetings and interesting arguments mentioned in the book. Most importantly, our research engages the mind and in this mysterious age, artists, priests, pops and kings live in the strange secret world of the world.
663 ::: Lakshmi Mahima (2010) ::: family ::: Lakshmi Mahima is a devoted Hindi drama with Charul Bhavsar and Aditi Sajwan. Goddess Lakshmi (Sajwan) is the embodiment of love and through this love his soul connects with Lord Vishnu. Lakshmi acts as a mediator between Vishnu and his followers.
664 ::: Jun ma shao nian (2010) ::: family ::: A new restaurant has just been opened near Bilige School, the restaurant slogan is-'' we only catch those wildlife animals to put on your plate, we give our food 100% fresh, nature and without Chemicals! . ' Until one day, Bilige found a damaged eagle trapped in one of the traps that was set up in the owner of the restaurant. Ten year Bilige understood the cruelty of killing and eating those wildlife, and the battle for the freedom of wildlife begins from here.
665 ::: "The Romper Room" (1964/I) ::: family ::: The Rumpster Room was made by the school school program that later in Australia, Canada (1963), New Zealand (1975), Pueto Rico (1971), Taiwan (1972), and the UK) Angloa TV - British TV - by Angland. Hosts from Spice Tomps6 in 1964-1976, Canada (1970), Hong Kong (1963), New Zeov (1975) , Tawani (1972), Piwan (1972) - Commander Team (1971), Juvenile Typical. Racheline was the tmpsns?
666 ::: Busters verden (1984) ::: family ::: Buster is an aspiring magician who is fighting his status as a geek. Making things more difficult is its small size. This movie recounts Buster's unique way of dealing with bullies, school, his first job and girls.
667 ::: Til siste hinder (2011) ::: family ::: Ida belongs to the best gang of the school and stays to shop with his best friend Karolin. She loves her life, as long as her mother is telling her one day that she is moving forward. And it is not New York or London, but in a small village in a small village in Northern Norway. Ida hates her parents to get away from her friends, and after a week in the village, things are getting worse. Now she not only hates parents, she hates her life, which is hardly better when her mother forces her to meet some "natives". A group of losers who have never heard of makeup and who spend all their time on horses. Now only one thing is to be done for IDA and that is to stay back in the city. But a dramatic encounter with the horse changes everything.
668 ::: "The Bible Boat" (2005) ::: family ::: On this trip, a classmate Daniel Duck convinced the belief that carrying out good deeds will win "the points of the sky." When Captain Jay shares good news about the Bible with him, Daniel initially resisted, convinced that he should work on his way to heaven. Meanwhile, Alby buys an expensive old sea box on EBay. Believing that it should be full of pirate treasure, it spends the journey in an attempt to open it through fun explosive. In fact, the longer its opening period, the more imagined wealth inside it! Of course, it is finally removed as we must store our treasure when it opens the thing at the end and looks inside. After he was running himself rough in the good deeds section, Daniel eventually realizes that the Bible is a free gift and prays to receive Christ. In fact, it goes to exchange good news with others!
669 ::: "Le grenier" (1976) ::: family ::: Dollard Desbouleaux, a postcard collector, lives in a house in St. Odilo-Down-Titte-Ruso. He is bored and is looking for a way to make money. His friend and neighbor Etienne suggests renting his ceiling. said something. Done. Three tenants appear and rent the ceiling: the first tenant, a fakir with amazing forces, arrived directly from India, is called Sadhu Beidish; The second is called Antoaneta Orthograph, who wants to write exciting novels; And the third tenant is called Freimus, who is a sweet and romantic young orphan who has the ability to transform into a fairy tale. Everything will no longer be easy for Dollard Desbouleaux.
670 ::: Sisters of the Groom (2016) ::: family ::: The film begins with the incubator of Sarah's house, and get a complaint with noise from the neighbors on the basement. It is a cultural list of cooking that makes a thesis on a culture of food. While she is in the city, she helps in serving her sister with a proposal for a possible customer. The sister is late due to a problem in the car and she has the interview with herself and for him, and here, it is the noise complaint that performs the interview. In an attempt to save the opportunity to hold a deal with Jason, who needs to rise the rifles of his contradictory sisters, by agreeing to be his history at his brother's wedding. This will give her the opportunity to display her food to his father, who has a group of resorts and resorts that will provide good food supply contracts. She does not depend on her love with his family. Jason also deals with the fact that he does not want to be in family business, because his passion is gardens, landscapes and gardens design. Meanwhile, Molly Davis was rescued from the collapse of the truck by her ex -boyfriend Ben, who is also a contractor. They were separated due to creative differences, but he has a plan to win it. He has a job that he needs to help. Everyone in the family seems to have their own agenda, but in the end they all put the needs of the other first. It is a charming story and certainly deserves a look. To avoid reconciling the sisters associated with his ex -wife at a wedding, Jason calls on the possibility of food to be seen to pretend that his history can be able to do so through his father in employing her and her sisters in the field of food. But they both have difficulty remembering him to demonstrate.
671 ::: Roya-ye Cinema (2011) ::: family ::: According to many children of the chapter of the chapter. When the manufacturer is looking for a young person to make the job in his movie to understand his dream. They examine on the test screen and long time the final head of the head of the Kumam and Farhad. Yet, he could not fix his attention. One thing, there is, sure: only one of them will receive the organization. Kellin was willing to do anything it takes but his family is fun and its plan. When his father would go to the hospital, the Kumomamum dreams seem to have caused.
672 ::: "The KiddiePreneurs" (2016) ::: family ::: The Kiddi Preniors Show is an educational websode designed to entertain young children, but encourages children to use their own creativity to create a business thinking. Kiddy Preniors Today's founding super heroes, recognizing the need and creating a solution. Kiddipreniers fun educational programming for children and adults.
673 ::: "Cooking with a K" (2016) ::: family ::: 'Cooking with a k' presents chef Kennedy, a young cook with an incredible passion for creating cunning and delicious sweets. Chef Kennedy uses his top -level culinary skills and his intellectual coefficient superior to the average to teach preschoolers abundant lessons of science, mathematics, language, art and reading!
674 ::: Secrets in the Fall (2015) ::: family ::: Nothing is impossible for a group of young campers, friends and enemies, during a weekend retirement at Camp Pinnacle. But what starts as an exciting adventure of wild nature turns into trouble when a young motorhome disappears and the rest of the group must start to find it. Campers are forced to overcome their differences and come together to redo their weekend and get out of the woods before nightfall!
675 ::: "The John Kerwin Kids' Show!" (2017) ::: family ::: John has interviewed with Edison Riek from "The Thundermans" from Nicelodeon, NITHAN ARNAS from "Bunk'd", Campion from "Fuller House" from Netflix, Bryce Gheisar from Disney "Walk The Prank", and Kerwin Kid of The Month, Alyssa Simmons.
676 ::: Mother Goose Parade (2007) ::: family ::: The sixteenth mother of the Owza procession in the city of El Cagon in San Diego County had amazing visual effects from a fly, to the laws of gravity, to award -winning beautiful buoys, colored balloons, royal equestrian teams, and entertaining march teams. Under the title "California Dreaming" with a teenage secondary school, Corbin Blue, in the role of the Great Marshal, and the "Eric Estrada champion" champions in the position of great honorary Marshal, the show was hosted more!
677 ::: "Jay's Jungle" (2015) ::: family ::: J's Jungle is a pre-school chain that follows the thrill of J The Lighthouse Keeper. Jai lives on a J-shaped island, which occurs inside a lighthouse called Seemor. Every day, the intelligent border brightens its magical lights around the world that discovers to search for thoughts and questions.
678 ::: 1993 Essence Awards (1993) ::: family ::: Presentation of the Essence Awards, congratulating exceptional African-American women. Anne Margaret was the host of this year's show. The Essence Awards are the biggest event to celebrate African-American culture and music in the United States. In Louisiana, the awards show is called local as Essence Fest, and the awards show has been held in New Orleans, Louisiana every year since 1995, with the exception of 2006, when it has been held in Houston, Texas because of the hurricane Katrina. It features artists who are simultaneously performed on the main stage, as well as only in four rooms, super-durable stages.
679 ::: The Mark 666 & the New World Order (2005) ::: family ::: Heaven or hell? Series: Heaven! Mark 666 & The New World Order The Fourth Episode In The Heaven or Hell? Series. Heaven or hell? The series specifically tells the Bible Book of Revolution "End Times" through cookie and folk art film style. In this story, the government, known as the New World Order, has to take all the people to Mark 666 or when they want to die. The Christian rebel, Manna Man Mike, decided to attend these evil forces in the name of Jesus. Heaven or hell? The series is said by a special cookie, folk art style. Heaven or hell? Bible sound, fun & crazy for all ages of the series. Prepare your mind and participate in the brutal video ride you ever experience. This is a cookie! This is a movie folk art! It's fun!
680 ::: "What You Get for the Money" (2004) ::: family ::: "What you get for the money: homes" is the unique chance to compare, on the side, the homes in amaerica in the same price range. How much did you pay for your house? Ever wonder what the same money could buy in Miami, Chicago, Austin or Manhattan? Choose a target price - 200 thousand, 300 thousand, 500 thousand or one million and find out what you can get for your money in residential markets from the shore to the shore. Find out why homeowners pay what they do for the house and the lifestyle they want. All this is a trade - a big city or a small town, a new home or an old, the center of the attic or three acres.
681 ::: The 28th Annual People's Choice Awards (2002) ::: family ::: "People's Choice Awards" - American Award, which is awarded to the figures of pop culture about the results of the spectator voting. Handed annually, since 1975. 2005 from the winner in each of the nominations discovered through the sociological questions, and then votes were organized on the internet.
682 ::: An Elf's Story: The Elf on the Shelf (2011) ::: family ::: The chippy is assigned to a family, in which the magic of Christmas is a question of questioning. When Chippy finds a little challenge of this assignment, his best friends, Santa and unexpected, will help him to remember why his job is important!
683 ::: Tjorven och Mysak (1966) ::: family ::: Tjorven and the other children from Saltkrĺkan received a day of play in a gift. An Cell Melker will find himself several times in the lake. The children also found an old ship called Albertina. They are divided into two pirate gangs and fights on the Wishing Stone Mysak.
684 ::: "Crunch Time" (2016/II) ::: family ::: A hobby lifestyle program for Crunch Time twists. This program is fun, the RIP Rooring Entertainment Show, which will explode on your screen when you find a lot of fine aspects of food, games, sports, active and living. In every episode, the crunch time host meets two amazing young guests from our audience. They always have a special talent to show.
685 ::: Margaritka (1961) ::: family ::: School year Margritka is ill. Her daddy is a writer and her mother is an actress, rehearsing her lines for a new premiere. He has a relationship with the director of production. In Mummy's premiere, Daddy sees her and director kisses. Daddy and Margritka move out without waiting for the mother. Back home, the row is unavoidable, but it still does not organize anything. Mummy goes on a tour, and Margritka and Daddy leaves for rural areas. There she befriends the children of the village and forgets about her constant cough and sneezing. Soon she starts remembering the mother and asks Daddy to call her. He writes a telegram but does not post it. The child finds a laminate of paper and goes to the post office. Mummy reaches and three of them meet again.
686 ::: "Crunch Time" (2016/II) ::: family ::: Crisis time is a Zesty lifestyle for tweens. The program is a stuffed entertainment show, RIP Roaring Entertainment that explodes on your screen as you discover many interesting things about food, games, sports, being active and essentially live it. In each episode, my hosts Crunch meets two amazing young guests from our audience. They always have a special talent to show.
687 ::: The Mauro's Magical Disney Vacation (2014) ::: family ::: Jeff Mauro and his family visit the Magic Kingdom for a break full of fun full of amazing meals, attractions that issue jaws, and - best of all - the time for the whole family to connect and laugh together after all reveal their Disney "sides"
688 ::: "The John Kerwin Kids' Show!" (2017) ::: family ::: John interviews Addison Rickke by Nicelodeon's "The Thundermans", Nathan Arenas from Disney's "Bunk'd", Michael Campion from Netflix '"Fuller House", Bryce Gheisar from Disney's "Walk the Strip" and the Kerwin Child of the Month, Alyssa Simmons , Alyssa Simmons ,.
689 ::: Adventures with Wink and Blink: A Day in the Life of a Zoo (2005) ::: family ::: In a day in the life of a zoo! Load funny friends Wink & Blink Young spectators to help you explore the zoo to find hidden information you need to solve a puzzle. On the way, children learn everything about the animal kingdom, including mammals, reptiles, amphibians, fish, birds and even invertebrates. Children will also discover how it really is to be a zoo goalkeeper, and you will even mark with the veterinarian on a barn Yard house call together with the zoo veterinarian! It is a zoo-reefic adventure for children of all ages.
690 ::: Kan du vissla Johanna? (1994) ::: family ::: Young Pera has a friend, ulf. ULF has a very much ULF, it gives ULF gifts and takes it on hunting trips. Beira does not have a grandfather, but he wants one nice with him and that the whistle can teach him. ULF knows where to find a grandfather - in a home for the elderly. They go to search together and find a very great Beira, Nels.
691 ::: Math Blaster Episode I: In Search of Spot (1994) ::: family ::: Bleesteranat and its robotic friend spot will enter the voyage around the space, but they think their ship's engine is not working. The blastnut beam exits for repair, when it goes down the deck to check the political combustion regulator. The spot is abducted by a trash alien. When Blasternut comes back, the spot is missing. He contacts the Galactic Commander, and he sends it to the mission to protect him.
692 ::: Aging and Falling (2017) ::: family ::: It is difficult to be an older adult who has fallen and now has complications such as the pain and stress that are linked to it. Dr. Luciana and many experts discuss the problems encountered after falling higher age, including chronic pain and other health complications. Together, experts engage the public in a variety of activities designed to give the elderly and anyone interested to become stronger to avoid falling, advice on the best way of exercise to improve their posture and stability. Animated discussions on the reasons why the elderly fall and the means of helping the elderly avoid falling are mixed with funny segments such as Tai-Chi demonstrations. The result is a fun functionality documentary to look at which is informational and entertaining for the public of all ages.
693 ::: Cloudboy (2017) ::: family ::: Nilas, a twelve -year -old boy, is hardly known to his father and hardly his Swedish mother. This summer, Nilas will have to travel to Lapland - against his will - against his mother and his new family Sami, who are indigenous reindeer -Harding people. Despite a heartfelt welcome, Nilas retreats inward. The only one who can go to him is his step -sister Sunna. Rendier migration is running completely and Nilas has to be supportive. When a reindeer is missing, Nilas joins the search, and the dominant moose crosses his way in very unexpected moments. Gradually it is looking for its roots. Against all obstacles, Nilas feels the most adventurous summer of his life.
694 ::: "S@ttitude" (2001) ::: family ::: S@ttitude is a two -hour energetic show from Cork and Dublin (Ireland), which brings fun and turbulence on Saturday morning. For children aged 10 to 15 years old, there are many viewers in live studios, a lot of interaction, live text messages, wonderful prizes, messy games and quizzes, crazy skits, presenter challenges, and live music. Masu.
695 ::: Thalai Nagaram (2006) ::: family ::: Talayagaram lived in the gang of merciful Henchman, who had a few difficulties after deciding the reform. Don Bhai (Yeletimai), Don Bhai (Yeletimai), which enters the right (bose venkat) and Baelu (Yeletimai), is in one settlement where he lives properly. At that time, the difference in opinion with BCHU is developing. Kills the son of Bhai right. Bhai kills and revenge on the baby. This leads to a positive and her men to a change of heart. When they decided to restore and drive a decent life, they enter the plackash that force them to take router again. In addition, BHAY is striving to the right. Right, Bhai and finally found correctly.
696 ::: "Chief Halftown" (1951) ::: family ::: The main show of half was the longest show of Philadelphia for children. The show was first broadcast in Wfil in 1951 and then WPVI where it went until 1999. The boss would appear in full Indian clothes and discuss tribal customs and folklore, as well as entertainment with performances of all diversity during its appearance 1/2 hour. His classic trademark capture was (phonetically) "eeees Dah-Sah-Suss-a-Way" which, according to Chief Sally Starr's friend, a host of children's shows in Philadelphia, means "let's start".
697 ::: The 37th Annual Academy Awards (1965) ::: family ::: Line of American academy is known as "Oscar", - During the Day Appicion created in 1929 and transfers him the number of movies in movies.
698 ::: Trooper and the Legend of the Golden Key (2012) ::: family ::: Trooper The Bloodhound is a slow detective and walking slowly, dedicated to its "human" Tommy. Trooper, Tommy and his family have just moved to a new city, but soon discover that it is a small city with a mysterious legend ... a legend of a golden key that could be worth a million dollars! While Tommy delivers newspapers, Trooper sniffs the clues, helped by his new friend, dash ... the little and mischievous puppy and always energetic. With each new discovery, the mystery is deepened, and now the danger is directed by its way! Can Tommy and Trooper unlock the legend of Golden Key before it's too late? Can Troper save Picklebees? One thing is safe ... with Trooper The Bloodhound in the case, things will get interesting.
699 ::: MGP Missionen (2013) ::: family ::: A young child living in a small town on Karl Danish coast should go to Copenhagen to his dislike. At school he was mocked for his slang. However, he is friendly with a Turkish girl named Sason, but her father is hoping to act in an exacting exaltation, though it does not allow it. Together they built a plan to defy Sason's father.
700 ::: A Holiday Celebration at Ford's Theatre (2007) ::: family ::: Comedy, music and dance mark this seasonal gala in the theater of Washington, D.C. Performers include singer Olivia Newton-John, strip actor Christopher Titus, gospel Yolanda Adams and dancers Jonathan Roberts and Karina Smirnoff ").
701 ::: Nya hyss av Emil i Lönneberga (1972) ::: family ::: Emil's reputation to be a troubleshooter takes a collection to send the boy to the Svensson family to America. But even though he causes his father to get stuck in the outhouse window and cut off by Crofish, he forgets everyone when he wins an independent horse to the family efficiently. And when Alfred The Farmhend gets seriously ill, Emil put his life on the line, it is too late for his best friend to get a doctor in an icy storm.
702 ::: Johnson & Friends: Songs from the Toybox (1995) ::: family ::: Johnson, pink elephant, Alfred hot water bottle, dieselza dump trucks, McDuff concerts, Zalobot, and Victoria Zaficaia have won dinosaur stars with their own music videos. Participate in toys, sing all your favorite songs in this popular TV series, and embark on four Madcap Escapades in Michael's bedroom.
703 ::: Olaf's Quest (2014) ::: family ::: Olaf (Jeffrey Henderson) is a clumsy dumb look, but still a generous kind child young man who has a heart for everyone who needs. In this occasion, he has such a heart for a little girl who has lost his teddy bear, with his promise that Olaf gave her, he is put on an unusual trip soon sends a mystical wizard named Ramsay. His mission is to clean his reputation among his clients and friend, so he takes advantage of Olaf in a very twisted way, he promises to help Olaf in his search and in return requires him to clear his name.
704 ::: "Sci Q" (2008) ::: family ::: Andrew wants to audition for the Lead Singer with the Rock Band. There is only one problem - he is a bit tone deaf. In a mission, the hosts learn the basics of the sound from the Blue Man Group and learn how to cry from the vocal coach to the stars.
705 ::: Mother Goose Parade (2007) ::: family ::: The 61st annual Mother Goose Parade in the city of El Cajon, the city of San Diego County, had amazing visual effects of a fly over, to confetti canons, to beautiful crowned drivers, colorful balloons, royal equestrian sports teams and entertaining marching bands. Theme "California Dreaming" with "High School Musical" Teen Superstar Corbin Bleu as Grand Marshal, and "Chips" Hero Erik Estrada as honorary Grand Marshal, The Parade was hosted for more than 30 large film and television tribes and 1/2 million visitors !
706 ::: "Dumbo's Circus" (1985) ::: family ::: A direct TV series based on Dumbo from Disney's Classic, an elephant that has the ability to fly (with the help of its reliable feathers). All of the characters were all fashion (with the help of "Puppetronics", I think, radio -controlled mechanisms in the movie "Fraggle Rock" by Jim Hennson and "Welcom to Pooh Corner". It was very common for the cable chain.
707 ::: Kuche v chekmedzhe (1982) ::: family ::: A-5-year-old boy from divorced parents is at home all day and watch TV. His mother is a full-timer and the father visits him occasionally. The boy's only dream is to have a puppy. So he and three friends decide to buy a puppy. No sooner said than done. The children are ready to do everything for their pet, but the heartlessness and the lack of understanding of the part of their family members and neighbors robs them of such joy. The puppy is intended for a village, and the child is home alone and watches TV.
708 ::: The Magical Scarecrows Stars with Hearts: Final Signatures (2009) ::: family ::: After a year -round, historic trip to 54,000 kilometers of signature to collect such superstars as Jackie Chan, Hugh Jackman, Priscilla Presley and many, many more, the stars with the international T -shirt of the HEART journey of the magical scare "Since 2009, to take advantage of children touched by terminal diseases. While Australian and international superstars such as Barry Crocker, Joe Bagner and Leo Saer have put a variety of performance, Aunt Lynn donated magical scarecrows, books and DVDs for children. Welcome to the final signatures that are added to the culmination of this historical journey for diversity, the charity organization of children.
709 ::: Crowning Jules (2017) ::: family ::: Jules is a shining of the sassy 17 trying to leave the tradition of the family, but as it forced it to support with his twin nimeses, Madison, who was going to make it known good. The road trip they takes time youths coming in to come in to come into dangerous thieves and pursuing dangerous thieves.
710 ::: The Concert (2017) ::: family ::: David, a paraplic father, has jeopardized his marriage and removed his younger son by putting his career beyond the needs of his family. He tries to get rid of himself, but he gains big challenges when he races all over the city to make his son's violation lesson for the violation of his son's violence.
711 ::: Living and Working in Space: The Countdown Has Begun (1993) ::: family ::: Life in space. Beam-in. Intergactic War. What about the driver's license or washing clothes? This one hour featured dozens of space professionals-from astronauts and life system engineers to space suit designers, interior decorators and "lunar lateus men". Jaime Escalaante and one of their students (Raymond Cruz) are associated with imaginative vignts that detect the humor and drama of day-to-day life away from the earth. A documentary and fantasy. Shooted on the video and on the film. Guest stars include Kathy Bates, "Funny Al" Yankovic, Pat Morita, Christian Moralees and Billy Bob Thornton.
712 ::: Grace of the Father (2015) ::: family ::: Luke McKenzi suffers from his wife, Kelly's loss, which will be killed in a car accident in the sludge county during the winter snowstorms. McKenzie's life has been upside down in a few days. The family of the family travel to the city of Funeral Florida, a funeral, and Luke decided to stay in Florida and start their own name. With most of the remaining insurance, it bought a former horse farm of 40 acrees and starts to restore the farm and again begins with breeding horses. On the eve of twins, Jacob announces his departure, leaving his mother and requires their mothers to send insurance from their mothers. Luke, Luke agrees each other and gives their son's money. Jacob starts with a new life and new business enterprises in Las Vegas, and they start with new business enterprises and they go to loose women, cavascular and all money. During this time, Luke, Luke, with his two children, restore everything to restore God's God. Ranch will be very successful. Jacques about living in homeless and street ladies of living with their former lady. He "Easy the house coming", and after reading it, he will introduce him to God's grace. He has every ounce trust, Luke retains his family and retains believing in God's promises.
713 ::: Operation Overboard (2012) ::: family ::: During each session, viewers call OOGle the Fish and Captain through "video chat" because they are in an exciting adventure at a deep sea science station. In these sections, the captain with Ogel and viewers share his great love for the wonders of the ocean, while Ogel connects the captain's lessons about the deep sea to the ocean's daily vision.
714 ::: Katha Sangama (2017) ::: family ::: Katha Sangama is an upcoming Indian anthology film in Kannada composed of seven stories in all genres. Produced by HK Prakash and Rishab Shetty Films, this film will witness combined works by seven directors, seven musicians, seven photography director and is a tribute to the legendary filmmaker Puttanna Kanagal.
715 ::: "The Everlasting Adventure Series" (1991) ::: family ::: For animation and live action, change the Genesis into a learning adventure for your child! In the first place, Living Stonza Lion talks about an ancient book story filled with its own stories such as creation and floods. When Rockwood wanders from his flock, his guardian's sheep dog, Dublin, is worried. Fortunately, the lamb enters the wise lion, a mysterious and ancient book on Rockwood. The lamb hears how two children, Alex and Tiphi, find a book and learn how to create the world. Therefore, let's start a progressive adventure with this excitement that mixes the animation and live -action to draw children into the Bible world.
716 ::: "The Teen Files" (1998) ::: family ::: Teenagers who are at risk to choose from drug abuse to violence from consumption are challenged to replace their actions when learning the possible results. This seven-part, Amy-Award winning documentary series takes you to a world of teenagers in a way, which you have never seen before.
717 ::: I Am in Here (2013) ::: family ::: I'm here is the story of a man named Mark Utter. Born with a disability, Mark explains some of his daily struggles that deal with thugs and scored. Through his trip, Mark shows the truth behind bullying and not so happy reality.
718 ::: Adam a Otka (1974) ::: family ::: On the holiday, a ten-year-old Adam and his young sister Otka, four years Junior, traveling from a Vykán village to their aunt to Prague. Their parents left for Hungary for the World Championship in plowing. Children have the address but do not know the road to the North City. They started to place on foot, around the historic parts of the city.
719 ::: Izpiti po nikoe vreme (1974) ::: family ::: First story, "Temptation": Two children find a wallet. They are very happy. Little Marko treats everyone with ice cream, soft drinks and cakes. His older brother, Slavcho, insists on finding the owner of the wallet. Together with his friend, the son of a lawyer, they visit people who appear in a piece of paper that is in the wallet. After all, children discover that the owner is the lady next door, Ivanova, who always yells and constantly complains to their parents about them. Returning the wallet to her, they get nothing more than a lot of reproaches in return. The second story, "Violin recital": Mitko, son of the Pechevs, takes violin lessons. His mother believes he has a talent and wants him to become a great musician. But Mitcho does not want to play and convinces his little homonym younger Mitko to attend violin lessons instead. After all, your secret plan is revealed during the school concert. Mrs. Pecheva does not change her mind and buy a piano. Two novels united by common characters and a problem that never put: the clash between the sincerity of children and the ruthless pragmatism and ambitions of adults. The film consists of two novels. Firs 'Temptation' novel is honesty. The filmmakers feel sure that this is the innate feature of any child, but it depends on adults, whether it is preserved or dies. A five -year -old finds a bag full of money. He and his friends now face the option to use it to buy their favorite sweets or try to find the owner. Honestly prevails, but his fat neighbor Ivanova, the owner of the bag, found by the children after his violent internal fight, cannot appreciate his gesture and start a row on the two cam (one dollar) that have been spent in cakes. In the second novel, the 'violin concert', two children set up an ingenious defense against the crazy ambitions of their parents: a child, who is not willing to become a musician, is forced to play for his ambitious mother. Children, however, are intelligent, inventive and do not give up easily. Another attends violin lessons in the place of the first one who prefers to paint, but whose mother does not realize where her talent is really. The deception is finally discovered. The little guilty are punished, but they have won a genuine friendship.
720 ::: Zoo Keeper (1983) ::: family ::: You can control Zeke The Zookeeper who should save his girlfriend Zelda from the zoo. There are four levels or "adventures". Each level has its own task, such as besieging animals in the zoo, jumping on the edges to the top of the screen and jumping on animals to earn a reward guard.
721 ::: A Doggone Christmas (2016) ::: family ::: When the CIA finds a beautiful orphan puppy with a surprising telephone ATH Thick capabilities, the powers in Washington-that's why he immediately lacks him and forced the poor dog to become a covert secret weapon. But the steps arise in the fate and relieves Pint -Kadan's Jack Russell Terrier from the government hold - a week before Christmas, delivers a beautiful little partner in the loving weapons of two brothers. As expected, a pair of young people fall in love at first glance, and then find them. But with their dad out of his job, it doesn't take the best time to adopt anything, while mounting, especially the dog who 'talks'. And it's just the beginning of boys' problems. Acting on the orders of the highest officials, the FBI has sent teams of field agents in search of innocent animals. Helicopters, drones and reconnaissance planes laugh at the country - bring back the dog or make sure they do not fall into the hands of the enemy. The Nonsense Special Force Agent, Camilla Sharp, is in charge of carrying out this catastrophic order; Who will stop or make sure no one else does to get the dog back. So only his bike, equipped with a strong, newly formed bond with his bike, and his cold-nose friend 'Merphy', channels the brothers and his school Buddies to save the real spirit of Christmas very late.
722 ::: Princess Ha Cha and the Meadow of Bloom (2009) ::: family ::: It is a story about a five -year -old girl named Ilene Woods, Imag, who has been a super hero named Princess Ha Cha Cha. When she was threatened by her teacher's butterfly garden by a new building project, could she be a real hero? It is an inspirational image from the book The Little Creek, written by Jennifer Ward and described by Julie Scott. In this short film, Ilene (Princess Haa Cha) and her friends must save the day!
723 ::: How to Beat a Bully (2015) ::: family ::: It is a family comedy with an anti -bullying theme. When a new child named Kori goes to the city, he is raised by school bulls. To save himself, he does not use his fist-he uses his brain instead! He fibing and scares the bullies that his father is a hit man for the mob. The word quickly spreads around and also takes the attention of real robbery in the city. Now his father has a problem! In the form of Xinigons between the family and the dacoits, Corey must find a way to make things correct. (Think "Home Alone" comes from "Sopranos".
724 ::: "Milo" (2003) ::: family ::: An interesting little bunny rabbit in you, whose adventures describe a normal child in his daily life with games and new experiences. He gradually learns to know himself and the world, it is a source of endless novelty, surprises and encounters.
725 ::: "Birthday People" (2000) ::: family ::: Birthday People was a British children's television program that lasted for many years on Devon and Cornwall Westcountry TVs later Carlton Westcountry Television and then ITV1 Westcountry. The program, which displays children's cards and messages, was hosted by a pair of puppet characters called Flotsam and Jetsam. Captain Flotam was living on a "herringbone rock" with his side Jessie the Seagull. Here they presented the "birthday log", while having various adventures-often surreal. Sometimes they are joined by other puppet characters-the Pirates Salvador Swash and the SEMOGHOCK, their cleaner lamp and their resident scientist-the eminent professor, who are often placed by painful experiments and humiliating to test a silly theory or if answering emails from viewers at home (seen include a large number of students). The program was only two to three minutes, but it often had a continuous history or theme that takes them during the week. Broadcasting from Herringbone Rock Lighthouse in Cornwall, Captain Bernard Flotsam and Jessie, his always infidelt trough presented the birthday journal. At the close of the children who chronic people around Devon and Cornwall, they were barely alive out of outrageous and obscure adventures in a world where something could happen and will probably happen.
726 ::: "The KiddiePreneurs" (2016) ::: family ::: Verzinran is an obvious educational impairment that designed to keep young children while kids use their jump to create a business idea to use to create a business idea. Virizian today is complicated complaints today, to indicate the need and to make a solution and create solution. Also for children and adults are also empty capacity training programs.
727 ::: Kung Fu Rascals (1992) ::: family ::: In order to restore their village in his earlier fame, the Kung Fu Rascals must find a power that is the most ... big. The evil bamboo man sends out his strength to teach the rascal in the Kung -Fu label a lesson. Who will triumph? Only the old way knows.
728 ::: The Secret Tunnel (1948) ::: family ::: Roger Henderson, the young son of a rich British Lord, lives in one of those large British estates surrounded by huge gardens. When a Rembrandt painting is stolen from the safe in the basement of the country house, Roger and John Wilson (young son of the Butler) discover a secret tunnel that leads from the safe to another building on the estate. They then went to a dangerous mission to bring the smugglers to court.
729 ::: How to Juggle and Other Cheap Tricks (2008) ::: family ::: Everyone knows to learn for a war, but you understand the rich, emotional safe and well that will also make the brain group also, but you will improve your personality? In this video, your teacher is a multiple median and a variety of meddin and a variety of mediation as smuggled in several other bbc as a war on the moon's horn Have been present. There was a player in the famous network parties and held responsibility for London's great television exhibition. With the cadro slices that will take over grabs during the martyrs because the process is defeated in detail. He will also disrupt your technique problem with how common problems. In the martyrance includes 15 different samples and tricks that you keep busy education for a while. In addition, he teaches five "cheapest tricks - easy magical tricks (good ...
730 ::: "Surprises" (2012) ::: family ::: Set in the contrast of YL Ban travel space, William Wizard and Sparkles Ferry are joined by their fast scope courier friend Digby de Ash. Together with the team leads a group of preschool children on a thrilling journey as each new episode has been surprised daily.
731 ::: Tom & Thomas (2002) ::: family ::: Nine -year -old boys Tom and Thomas are always aware of the existence of another, without knowing each other. At the time they finally met Tom, he runs from some children's smugglers who run their business from his boy's house. Smugglers make Thomas wrong for Tom and try to bring him out of the country on the plane. Tom, who does not intend to lose his brother, finds himself in the middle of a smuggling operation and takes all his efforts to meet with his brother and bring the family together.
732 ::: Een huis in een schoen (1971) ::: family ::: When St. Nicholas was on the way of IJsllera on the path of the Steam Bat on the Argel, the IJLERERA's path to the IJslla, the IJsllare on the Argel and called A young Girl called a young girl named. When on the reply of her herbs, she asked her kind of other differently in response to her herbs.
733 ::: "A&C New York" (2017) ::: family ::: Ashley and Curly departed to find the audience in the best place to go to New York with Dustin. They go to museums and attractions and interview guests. There are also questions on the day of the reporter Sarah Venter. They introduce special stars singing, dancing, and dancing comedy lutins. You never know what to expect, but you are always for the stupid family's time. They have great theme songs and wonderful guests. They continue to attract you and you fall in love with their youth. Ashley and Curly do a few stupid things, but they are all looking forward to, and Ashley really likes Dustin, but does not tell him.
734 ::: Shannon's Rainbow (2009) ::: family ::: When his ancestors do not have family without family, it lost his upset and sadness. Family Doctor (Daryl Hana) told him that his father had a secret, and the mother famous (Claire Cuslani) is alive. When he travels to meet him, it makes a horse shopping (Louis Ganceett JR) and detecting and emotional difficulties. They begin to overcome a number of races and abuse the recipient, which Egronentric Moggund (Eric Roberts). By victory and new friendships, he learns to return to happiness.
735 ::: The Monday Club (????) ::: family ::: The Monday Club is an inspiring, family -friendly story of the deep gap within the African -American community in the 1960s, as well as the conflict between a father, a supporter of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and his son, an activist into the black power movement.
736 ::: My Homework Ate My Dog (2009) ::: family ::: Lyle Lictti never does his homework. Whether it is an alien who stole it or a dinosaur for pets, it will weave a high tale of how he cannot do his home. His third -city teacher, Mrs. Sea, tired of her lies, will not tolerate today. Today is a test day. She wants him to take her test quietly. Last night, Lyle's home ate his dog. Now the homework is after him and no one at school will listen to his story (filled in rhyme). Will Lyle be able to convince her classmates and Mrs. Sea before it's too late?
737 ::: Marshall the Miracle Dog (2015) ::: family ::: The 13 -year -old becomes a target of difference in his new school and feels despair, so that he finds that Marshall is controlled by a dog owners in unfortunate conditions. The Finn knows that he should save Marshall, but he was abused by other dogs and needs to see the veterinarian immediately. Immediate Friendship Association.
738 ::: "My Animal Friends 3: Underwater Mission" (2015) ::: family ::: 26 amazing underwater stories for children sponsored and narrated by Sarah and Max, and their inseparable friendly submarine "sea turtle". Young viewers are drawn to these wonderful adventures in the sea. It reveals the world of stunning images and the hidden behavior and beauty. We meet all favorite sea creatures and explore their water -like houses.
739 ::: An Elf's Story: The Elf on the Shelf (2011) ::: family ::: Chippy is assigned to a family that includes a boy who questions the magic of Christmas. When Chippy finds the task a bit challenging, his good friends, Santa Claus and an unexpected child will help him to remember why his job is important!
740 ::: Flip's Twisted World (2010) ::: family ::: World Trumpled World is a red video game, the MAJACCO Published and produced by the hills that form. The game is shown on the electronic Internet and June 2009 and keep track of June 2010, only for Wii. The game follows the school expert called Prark, who has become different countries of magic books. Flip and its cube will pass through the world in the universe of the world to escape the book where he was. Flip's World World provides special sports experience, as a player can use Wiimite to clear the world in whim. The ground turns on the walls and walls, playing new ways that allow the player to make the player in the world's planet. Like flap from the world, he received weapon and new capacity, many of them are more valuable than fighting. There are many other side, gathers, and npcs to travel more travel. TRUPKAs crushed the world uses the audience to know good challenges, and the 3D view is popular and sex. The game can be good and ok for all ages, as well as five special worlds to verify. This game is doing by Tommy Tallico, and the nthony of Anthony Stewart head as a report. The game accompanies the professional worker called Prrink, an accouts accounts Accounts Accounts Accounts. Flip and its cube will pass over the world in the sky and total head of return to the house where he was.
741 ::: Whispers: An Elephant's Tale (2000) ::: family ::: An unnamed male elephant was getting used to life in the flock, when poachers kill their mother, so he runs and is lost. It is found by a grumpy woman, the rhythm, the sister of a matriarch, who is disgusted with life in her flock. It is not exactly the heart, she still takes the orphan under her wing, 'until we find her flock', but she cannot find her rea the child whisper since her trumpet is very weak. Meanwhile, the fear of poachers and (that is, in the film) Lions leads them north over the great river, a long and dangerous journey ...
742 ::: "Annabel's Kitchen" (2011) ::: family ::: Annabel and her team are here to bring you and her children on a culinary exploration trip and to find profit solutions in a humorous and carefree manner in order to prove that cooking can really be child's play. Annabel will be susceptible FISH -MAD -Penguin, who is often unpredictable from the South Pole, in her stylish Loft apartment, an accident, who order his home in your fridge and in your pearl and find the perfect recipe for every occasion. Candice, Dionne and Lola - three of the spoiled, most unsuccessful and diverse princess cupcakes in the country to turn kitchen activities about everything and a singing comment. After all, there are Jimmy's wonderful mechanical aids that he made for Annabel. There are every chef dream, the fruit 'n' vegetabilizer, the panes, cubes, chops or vegetables you want, cut or press in any form. The cookatron is a torn oven in which the food is cooked perfectly in a matter of seconds. And finally the ultimate meal critic, the delicious delicacies-o-meter, which sniffs food for delicacy. Every week, the children come with Annabel in their Loft apartment and Annabel, Jimmy, Pearl and a variety of fun guest characters who help the children in an entertaining way to fix another problem with eating. The children watch and learn how Annabel does what they love- inspiring children to prepare their favorite dishes and try something new.
743 ::: Gum-gam (1985) ::: family ::: This movie is based on a book bearing the name of EVGENI VELTISTOV. Maxim, a boy student, meets a boy outside the earth named Gum Gum. He came from a blue planet where the children played with toys instead of going to school. GUM GAM has a mission to deliver toys for the children of the earth. Everyone is having fun.
744 ::: All Star Desserts (2005) ::: family ::: Food Network presents the best desserts of some of our favorite chefs, with resentment brownies (ina garten), Italian donuts (Giada de laurentiis), Ultimate Cheesecake (Tyler Florence), Apple Clafou (Michael) ), Pine dumplings (Paula Dean).
745 ::: "Animal Planet ZOOventure" (1997) ::: family ::: Fairy Red Head, Jedi Roth, explodes on a small screen as host of this loving child's appearance. In the San Diego Zoo, in the place, competitors compete in the challenges of animals related to animals and strength and endurance. Great gift: Opportunity to be a day zoo keeper in a lifetime !!! Four lucky children compete in wisdom and endurance tests, all for a great gift for becoming a "zookiper per day." Taped in the world -renowned San Diego Zoo, this exhibition uses animals as a theme, creates questions and games revolving around the zoo's organisms. A clever game for children, as well as loving adults of enthusiastic animals, offers trivia questions, fun games and great outfits that challenge this show.
746 ::: "Cooking with a K" (2016) ::: family ::: 'Cooking with a K' contains chef Kennedy, a young cook with a great passion for creating cunning and delicious delicacies. Chef Kennedy uses her topculinary skills and above average IQ to learn toddlers in science, mathematics, language, art and reading!
747 ::: Iqbal & superchippen (2016) ::: family ::: Iqbal and Sille are good friends and always live next to each other. Their street is under urban reproduction and Eeselman and Swine are unfortunately responsible for the project. The construction project is actually a cover to get the hands on the oil they find below the blowgardsgade. Iqbal and Sille now have to fight against the villains and get the money to buy their building, so they don't have to go away with each other. When Iqbal finds the chip with magic energy, children can convince Eeselman and Swine to buy a chip so that they can regain their building. But the villains are cheating children, and now adults in Iqbal, Silley and Blogardgade should recover the chip and reveal the secret plan of the villains.
748 ::: "Art Attack" (1990) ::: family ::: In this series, artist Neil Buchanan offers a variety of proposals for children for various proper art projects that can be created with daily items that can be found at home. In addition, Buchanan has a location segment, inspired by a large art attack that arranges ordinary items to create huge photos.
749 ::: "Peppy Pals" (2017) ::: family ::: In a total of 16 short episodes, the children embark on fun adventures with the five-neutral animal friends: the dog's regi, the horse, Kelly cat, Gabby Rabbit and Easy. Friends end in situations where they face various challenges such as conflict resolution, stress management, fear and exclusion - everyone focuses on teaching children social and emotional intelligence in a fun way.
750 ::: "Pop It!" (2008) ::: family ::: "Pop it!" Interactive Dance TV series for children aged 6 to 11 who offer fun, training and fun. Eachdo show features an original pop song, cold music video clips and our 3 young charismatic youth teaching routines from the video clips. Now kids can dance like a music star and get a great workout at the same time!
751 ::: Finding Rin Tin Tin (2007) ::: family ::: The true story of the legendary German shepherd found by the US pilot Lee Duncun in France during the First World War, and later became the most famous animal star in Hollywood's history.
752 ::: Finding Rin Tin Tin (2007) ::: family ::: The true story of the legendary German shepherd found by the US pilot Lee Duncun in France during the First World War, and later became the most famous animal star in Hollywood's history.
753 ::: Miracle of the Widow (2009) ::: family ::: Ruth Zeller's family has kept the secret for centuries. Greedy men, disasters, persecution, even the Nazis could not eliminate the treasure that God entrusted to them. Humblely and silently, Yahweh's servants continued their work, always on guard. From the first moment, Grace Harrington enters the bakery, he is restless. The above prejudices lead Grace to take the matter in their own hands. The events intensify as Grace finds closed doors, strange rumors and an insistent are the concessionaire. Can Ruth trust Grace with the history of her family? Will the grace have faith to accept the truth? Or the gift, maintained for the thousand generations, will be lost forever? Grace Harrington graduated from the University of California. To his way to the north, to Portland, Oregon, he finds his personal ideologies and the ethical limits tested in his new work. These challenges finally lead him to his termination. Just when the realities of trying to find a job in the midst of a recession hit her, she is welcomed by an old woman who directs a bakery in her city. Grace begins to see the world under a new light and finds acceptance and satisfaction through his new work.
754 ::: "Kajsas ko" (1999) ::: family ::: What would you do if you suddenly win a real live cow? This happens to Kajasa when she and her father visit the local fair one day. All his life, Kajsa wants an animal of his own, and suddenly he wins a cow, a cow in a cow! But cows like pearls need a lot of attention and work. For one, they have to give milk twice a day, and if you do not use it, it is not so easy to milk the cow. It should be somewhere when the cow is raining, but if you live in a normal terrace, finding a place of living can be a little problem. And of course cows need to eat too. Cows eat a lot. There is no way in the Kajasa garden enough for the grass hungry cows. Therefore, it doesn't matter how hard Kajsa tries, Pearl does not just enjoy being with Kajasa. In fact, Pearl misses the life of the country and all its cow friends.
755 ::: "At the Poocharelli's" (2006) ::: family ::: POOCHARELLI follows the daily life of the dog's dog POOCHARELLI family. Meet your family -Mama, Maggie Pouquerrilli, is a family boss poodle. His father, Pete, is a hard -working and wise chocolate lab. Brittany is a social teenage Yorkshire Terrier. The 11 -year -old Cody is a jack rasselteria that is causing trouble. Five West Highland Terrier puppies. Grandamps, a mixed territory that is always asleep. Maggie's cute sister, Evulin, Bull Dog.
756 ::: Haitian Trip (2005) ::: family ::: Nine-year privilege is lost in the poorest country in the most American boy, Quinn, western half. He's his father and his father in Haiti, when they are separated by the car socket. Quinn can find a way to his only place, which can understand people - citadel, fortress and local tourist attraction. He and his driver greeted ceak to the father when he finished the meeting. Citadel is one of the symptoms of Niya, one of the Haiti's home school, which determines how to reach the family's premises, and there is a card to go to Niya. With the help of Haiti's kind people and a passion for having to get home, he traveled through beautiful villages of Haiti to find his father.
757 ::: Sophia (????/II) ::: family ::: What would happen if the Greek goddesses would give all their knowledge and power to a 13-year-old girl? She would be a rock star and take over the world! With the young singer/actress, Eden, and experienced Puerto Rican actress, Lillian Hurst. This is a positive, comic romps that inspires and entertains.
758 ::: Alondra Smiles (2008) ::: family ::: Alondra had a rough start in life, but with the love and support of her grandparents and friends, she planned a very special 15th birthday. Her plans seem to come better than expected. But her spoiled cousin Tatiana has her own aspirations and is ready to ruin someone's life to make her way.
759 ::: The 28th Annual People's Choice Awards (2002) ::: family ::: "Human Selection Awards" - an American award that is awarded to pop culture figures in results, voting on viewers. Represented annually, since 1975, 2005 to the winner of each of the nominations found with the help of the sociological issue, and then a vote was organized on the Internet.
760 ::: "Milo" (2003) ::: family ::: Mello is an odd little binni lady that the adheses illustrate a normal child in their daily lives with games and new experiences. He gradually recognizes the self and world of self and world around the world is a result of his wonder, surprise and clash.
761 ::: Fünf Freunde (2012) ::: family ::: The famous five Julian, Dick, Ann, George and Timmy (the dog) spend their holidays together, while Abi George (Professor Quinin) resides on a nearby island where he works on a project that may provide new ways to use alternative energies. But one day, it disappears and quickly convinced of the five friends that he was kidnapped. Determination to save Professor Quinin, not only they should deal with thugs and gang gangs, but also reveal a huge plot.
762 ::: Morita - La hija de Jesus (2008) ::: family ::: Moving a six-year-old girl who disappeared from father from the father and join the bible Christ through her beliefs. It's a wonderful journey in time that will change your life forever.
763 ::: Chip & Friends (2001) ::: family ::: Chip & Friends Interactive V1.0 offers a variety of important computer -related topics so that all children can easily learn and understand. This interactive version adapted from the Scholastic Video/Handbook/main manual is used in both educational and private sectors. Designed to create the challenges of computer customs for simple children, chips and friends are not just a game but a complete educational experience. The program consists of seven interactive games, each with its own video that deals with individual themes and introduces the subject. A game guide and teachers' guide also includes a printable poster of his chip and pieces, rules and dictionaries that can be hanged by your computer. Following the guidelines provided, these materials will give your child a basic understanding of computers, how to take care of them, and the rules they need to follow to become computer users.
764 ::: "Anna" (2004) ::: family ::: 26 Episode -TV series "Anna" opens with a scene in which the South Indian veterans actors ("Robert") and an unfaithful Ms. Kaveri, the extremely popular South Indian actress ("Anna") are presented. Her husband discovered her affair with a local architect, Tom George ("Albert"), and the household and the family are in turmoil. Anna Arkadyevna Karenina's story remains contemporary in this 21st century.
765 ::: Adventures of Bailey: The Lost Puppy (2010) ::: family ::: Bailey, an adorable Golden Retriever puppy, moves! During the road trip in their new house, his family stopped and wrongly leaves Bailey behind. This mischievous and fun puppy undertakes to find his family and stumbles on "Sharkarosa", an exotic ranch. At the Ranch, Bailey meets and befriends an assortment of animals, including kangaroos, camels, a bearcat, a baby tiger and "puck", the shepherd dog entrusted to the "Sharkarosa" race. Will Bailey see his family again? Or will it be let work in the ranch until the "cows are home?"
766 ::: Christmas Voices (????) ::: family ::: The wealthy and powerful John overcome the poverty that he colored his childhood daily, but with the price of his family and his own spirit. When an incident threatens to take away the life of his wife and two children, John reassessed his life. In the true Dickensian style, this contemporary Scrooge is saved by Christmas voices.
767 ::: The Runner from Ravenshead (2010) ::: family ::: Sam was sentenced to Rafusheed's prison, guarded by guards who keep watching vigilance and follow -up to anyone trying to escape. Fortunately, there is a service of asylum city guide to direct the fleeing prisoners towards freedom. When Sam breaks it, the service of the infected guide is forced to transfer employees to assign an enthusiastic gap but the accident exhibition, Henry, instead of a regular guide. Sam and Henry are testing the escape of hair, Farhan's copying, and climate chase in the missile service guide. An attractive symbol knows how to find a comfort of life struggles.
768 ::: Doggy Daycare: The Movie (2015) ::: family ::: Michelle and Amelia have been executing the D.D.C. Since his parents died. They have many pets live with them, but Mutt is still a street dog. When they remain without finance for the refuge for dogs and Herven emotions, they form some risky ideas to save the place. Their attempts to recruit a former famous owner fail to think even more out of the box. Mutt leads the herd of unique dogs against all obstacles, including a dog receiver on the edge with an obsession with Mutt. Love between dogs and Michelle keeps them strong when they face thugs and horrible people against them. The evil cat increases the difficulty anyway, it can include hypnotizing and also helping the dog receiver. Amelia establishes an opportunity for them to be in a program filmed in the D.D.C, but things go terribly badly when Michelle's health problems put their life in extreme danger. When dog nursery cannot afford to remain open, it gets into the street dog with a heart of gold. Amelia La D.D.C. The owner and her younger sister, Michelle, provide very necessary assistance for this search, but at what cost.
769 ::: Olaf's Quest (2014) ::: family ::: Olaf (Off Free Henderson) is a rude dumb -looking but generous kind of childish young man whose need is a heart for everyone. On this occasion he has that kind of heart for a little girl who lost his teddy bear, Olaf gave it to him, he put himself on an unusual journey, than he expected that the only purity to hear is for him. Can accomplish. Soon will be sent on time by the mystical wizard named Ramsey. Their goal is to clear his reputation among his customers and friends and therefore he takes advantage of Olaf in a very distorted manner, promising Olaf to help his search and in turn demands to clear his name.
770 ::: The Fairies Christmas Ballet (2011) ::: family ::: The fairy Christmas campaign song ') and beautiful Christmas carols; A lively script and a beautifully choreographed dancing that sparkles from a magical backdrop of thousands of fairytale lights from a huge Christmas tree. The best fairy friends Harmony and Rhapsody and Princess Minuet will delight your fairy fans if you dance on your tipie toes ("en punche"). Add a serious Christmas swing from Barnaby, twisting eleven, Magic of Wizzy and a performance by Santa Claus, who wears a sackful full of treats, and in this film children will sing, dance and smile all over Australia . From December 1st, see the fairy Christmas ballet exclusively at the event, Greater Union, Birch Carroll & Coyle and Village Cinemas Victoria. All tickets only 8 USD*. This film is freed from classification.
771 ::: Margaritka (1961) ::: family ::: The Margaritka school year is sick. Her father is the writer and her mummy is an actress, rehearses her lines for a new premiere. She has an affair with the director of production. With Mummy's Prime Minister, Dad sees her and the director Kus. Dad and Margaritka walk away without waiting for Mama. At home the row is inevitable, but he still arranges nothing. Mummie is going on tour and Margaritka and Dad to leave for the countryside. There she makes friends with the village children and she forgets her continuous cough and sneezing. Soon she starts missing mommy and asks dad to call her. He writes a telegram but does not place it. The child finds the crumbled piece of paper and goes to the post office. Mummie arrives and the three are reunited.
772 ::: Gutrun Gutargun (2016) ::: family ::: This story belongs to the village where the houses have no toilets and there are two different laws for male and females that belongs to the villages. In such a situation Agraduation should be dealt with more problems, although solving her problems in the end and for her that he should Insulting an insulting the rule of its society. Humans. The feature of feature film is based on "Social Movie Title. This is the life of women living in the village in the village Embarrassed by the lack of bathrooms at home. To go to the public bathroom in the village. In the village is very easy to authenticate but the feature film with fun Was a job. It is a very clean fun and social film "you" from the above festivals "you" to "you" to the same private screenings and we have received this movie and we've got this movie Had received. I am very happy that our film has a comprehensive toward the social message (Muslims).
773 ::: All Star Desserts (2005) ::: family ::: Food Network presents from some of our favorite browake (Giada de Laurents), Ultimate Chroniis), Ultimate Chenies, Apple Clarelo), Cherry Pie With Lattle Chiarlo (Sandra Lee), Blueless Dumplining (Paua Inin).
774 ::: The World Famous Kid Detective (2014) ::: family ::: He is a child named Stanley Kid, owner of the famous children's detective agency. He must stop a wave of devastating crime that spreads to his house on the island while keeping and his annoying little sister, Nina, to fall into the claws of her sworn enemy, the bad social worker Clorissa Hodge.
775 ::: An Elf's Story: The Elf on the Shelf (2011) ::: family ::: Chippy is assigned to a family that includes a guy who is taking into question the magic of Christmas. When Chippy finds a little challenging task, his good friends, Santa and an unexpected child help him remember why his work is important!
776 ::: The Sound of Life (2008) ::: family ::: A young Harry Potter fan lives in Ross Al Khaima and works in a mosque. One day, he decides to go and watch Harry Potter movie. Unfortunately, the film is no longer shown at the theater in Ross Al Khaima and he must go to Dubai to see it. At the same time, he must return to the mosque to declare Azan (call for prayer).
777 ::: "Surprises" (2012) ::: family ::: Set in a style traveling space contrast, William the Wizard and Sparkles The Fairy is included by his speedy space courier friend Digby Dash. Together the team leads a group of preschool children on a thrilling trip as each new episode exposes a daily wonder.
778 ::: The Magic Bookmark (2009) ::: family ::: The seven -year -old Serena receives gifts from her grandfather, who has just returned from Japan. One of the gifts is a beautiful golden bookmark. She discovers that the bookmark has magical powers ... it brings books to life. Serena is innocent in the fight between the dark and the light that happens around her. Because of this conflict, she is transported to Tokyo, where she has no idea how or why she is there and she has to find her way home.
779 ::: Willa: An American Snow White (1998) ::: family ::: Villa puts the ancient "Snow White" story in 1915 in a real American setting. The jealous queen Regina Adrungton, the beauty of the old age, and the profession of the theater. Snow White is her beautiful and talented stepmother. The cottage of Seven Dwarves has been converted into a traveling medicine show by Dr. Alonezo, a failed Shakespeare actor, and his two odd-ball colleagues are a dancer named Irish Indian and Billy Bug. They sell a high alcoholic compound to the life of Chief Tonka's elixir, which reverses the aging.
780 ::: Haley's Flight (????) ::: family ::: The 12 -year -old boy, a 12 -year -old boy, limited to a wheelchair, named Mike, and special abilities when living in his body after crashing on earth. Fighting up with government agents, both of them must find an alien ship to save Mike and perhaps humanity.
781 ::: "Jay's Jungle" (2015) ::: family ::: Jay's Jungle is a preschool series that follows the adventures of Jay the Lighthouse Keeper. Jay lives on an island in the form of J, inside a lamp called Seymore. Every day, the wise Symore shines its magical light around the world looking for thoughts and questions to explore.
782 ::: Tea Cakes or Cannoli (2000) ::: family ::: Life from the eyes of a sixteen-year-old boy who grew up in the north side of Boston. Director Francine Pellegrino captures the richness of the Boston-Italian heritage while exposing the importance of love, family and neighborhood.
783 ::: "5 Minute Church with Ishah Wright" (2014) ::: family ::: God came to earth in the form of Jesus Christ and died to pay the price of our sins so that we can have eternal life in heaven instead of hell. Faith in this grace more our repentance gives us such a blessed guarantee in this eternal life in heaven with God.
784 ::: De Bende van Urk (2014) ::: family ::: After the collapse of the URK village, John and his friends will not wait long for the police to investigate it. They start their own research there. But in some time they were in serious danger
785 ::: "Le grenier" (1976) ::: family ::: DOWARD Debboleeaux, the collective collectator, living in the house and Saint-Odol-Petit-Petit-Rusesreau. It's boring and seeking the way to get money. His friend and neighbor Mane is recommended to make chattic chatts. What said. Occurred. People living in the three schools are called: The first one in the house, and a wonderful authority, from India, called the Surfishâh; The second call Antoette Orthopho and who wants to write reading the reading texture; The third-school is called the third, who is a young man and a woman can change and a little boy. Everything will not be easy for Dolland Dullorax.
786 ::: Foeksia de miniheks (2010) ::: family ::: Large adventures can hatch from the smallest eggs. Fucsia wants to learn how her father make magic and is as pleased as punch when she is allowed to go to the school of the witches. There, Fucsia learns to make wind and conjure up with the clouds. But her magic often has unexpected results because it is sometimes a little too ambitious.
787 ::: The Legend of Catclaws Mountain (2017) ::: family ::: This is a mysterious story about a young girl named Mindy and her fascinating journey to find her lost pony. But this is not just a pony; It is said about this pony that it has magical powers that will lead to the hidden treasures of the Katklavs mountain. On this brave adventure work, the raga tag group of Mindi and his friends exposed the hidden mysteries that would change their lives forever.
788 ::: "We Live Next Door" (1983) ::: family ::: In this series, the human and puppet citizens of a small city open their lives as they demonstrate different elements of urban life. These topics include government, law enforcement and basic economy.
789 ::: Maa Nanna Chiranjeevi (2010) ::: family ::: Chiranjeevuli is a man who owned a rich land and a farmer, but his best polite woman Neelima united his resources in investment schemes. Reduced to the penury, his wife leaves him, and although she wants to take their son Vishwanath and give him a good education, Chiranjeevi (goes by the name shorter, and her son thinks about him as a hero) takes the child and struggles an adequate job in Hyderabad to do This is itself. He tells the child who is working for the CID and that the range of work he is doing, and that the places they are forced to live are part of his hidden mission.
790 ::: Christmas Miracle (2012) ::: family ::: It is the eve of Christmas, and snowstorms are blowing through the small city of the summit. The roads are almost empty, except for a group of vehicles that stumble on a long road on the outskirts of the city. The seven people concerned decide to resort to a nearby abandoned church. These seven are: James, the former priest who escapes from his life and skill after the death of his wife and child; Daril, EMT dreams of becoming a doctor, but he believes that the dream will never be achieved because of dyslexia; The wealthy couple married Drake and Madeleine, whose marriage and problems are concentrated on money; Recently married Nick and Chrisi, who find that they have been arguing more and more since their wedding three days ago; And the only local between the group, Joe, who is separated from his wife, Mary, to a large extent because of their different views on how to manage their families, specifically in dealing with their autistic son, died. They ultimately join them, Mary, eighth, which comes to provide some food and blankets to the seven ways, but SUVs are also stumbled by the church. While the eight interacts with each other, they find that the true Christmas spirit comes to the surface that helps each of them the problems of their private lives, especially because it works together to achieve a common goal to help Mary and Joe.
791 ::: Der Streit um des Esels Schatten (1990) ::: family ::: The Democratic Party of the philosopher has a toothache, so ancient abdella dentists leave his house. On the way, he fights the donkey driver. With this dispute, all of the abdella eventually get hooked. When the city is a few seconds away from the civil war, the Democratic apprentice appears to relieve the tension of the city into gifts.
792 ::: At the Top of the Pyramid (2014) ::: family ::: At the top of the pyramid is optimistic, comedy/drama of the action ensemble for a group of young people who are struggling to find the courage to follow their hearts. Filled with music, sports, friendship and romance, it is described as bringing meetings on Friday night lights. Dysmen with a character who came in with music, at the top of the pyramid is a classic film for an ensemble. Warm but exciting, the story unfolds in an intensive family survey; A teenage social hierarchy at that rare place and time of life and adults who dare to try to lead them through it. Although our entry point is the world of the high school leading, at the top of the pyramid, it deepens deep in the psychological surrealism of dreams, nightmares, fears and insecurity that teenagers pursue, then dramatically climbing such as the chronicle of the power of relationships and the resilience of human Spirit. Led by our heroine, Jamie Parker, we participate in her struggle to learn the true meaning of courage, trust and friendship as she struggles to reach the top of her pyramid. The girl's spitfire, she has the skills of spirit, dispersion and murderers who take her to the top in a cheer, but after suffering a mysterious and devastating fall, the loss of confidence is so severe that her family decides to move away. A year later, her father was killed, and Jamie and her mother were forced to go back and face her demons. After returning to Centerville, USA, we meet with her group of friends, frinemia and suitors. They take us to an emergency, summer-at the end of the adventure, the formation of fresh alliances and the discovery of new loyalties; Determining and challenges to test the character that reveal integrity and purpose. Can they hold it together and do it to the top of their own individual pyramids? At least before the first school day ... Although comparisons with other bizarre films aimed at teens are justified, in the upper part of the pyramid is a story completely unique to themselves. The characters come to life richly and make real; They are familiar, but not uncommon; Challenging but vulnerable; Refreshing, honest, authentic and completely independent. The willingness to accept their feelings and their ability to face the differences that these feelings make, make us perceive their trips, and are what he makes at the top of the pyramid, captivating and fun. "It's not what happens or how you feel ... And what you do!"
793 ::: "Surprises" (2012) ::: family ::: Located in a stylized travel space confection, William Wizard and shine Zanash join their fast space friend, Digby Dash. Together the team leads a group of preschoolers on an exciting journey as each new episode reveals a daily surprise.
794 ::: In Sickness and in Health (2012) ::: family ::: A couple who will soon be married in front of a potentially dilemma that changes life. With only two weeks before their marriage, Faith has still not told her fiancé her deepest secret - which she suffers from falciform anemia. The timing never seemed just to clean itself on this subject. Her healthy lifestyle seems to keep the illness in failure and she darked the belief that Norman's love would heal her. But after losing her mother in favor of the disease at 40, she has no illusions on her destructive potential and does not want to make Norman endured what his father endured. While the stress of imminent marriage causes a few episodes of painful sickle cell anemia, Faith reacts by pushing Norman, which in turn triggers his sister to talk to Norman about his illness. Wounded and angry, Faith calls marriage and, after a heart to heart with Faith of Faith about the responsibility of marrying a partner with a disease, even Norman questions his love and his commitment to faith. Can the couple overcome their fears and embrace love, with all the sacrifice that implies and move forward with their plans?
795 ::: "Kids' Planet" (1998) ::: family ::: Children from all over the world send their video "letter" to the children's planet. Everything goes when you compare and discover hopes, dreams and experiences that - no matter where you live or how your breed, color or religion - are not so different.
796 ::: The Da Vinci Code Deception: Solving the 2000 Year Old Mystery (2005) ::: family ::: "Dan Vincite code", Dan Brown's reports newsletter, have shot in a million readers. This annoying story is filled with something unusual for blood occasions, and the authors. Division is like Divinci seems true in fairy, in synzzales and movies, mystery and Dan Black News. Those viewers will be found, not only that the questions begin, but through the medical assistance and science. Davi code Davi is checking different events, deep thoughts, secrets, and confidential debate. Our discovery is important to act on things that will cause the minds and give drama, and kings, and kings, at this mystery.
797 ::: My Extraordinary Summer with Tess (2019) ::: family ::: Sam (10) his family goes to Dutch is Dutch Island of Terschlong and holidays, but her brother breaks her leg in their first day. Horrible of her sibling, but the accident caused Sam meeting temple; This girl is born with a good plan for knowing his parents. He was only a week to enable who he knew, he decided that the SM needed to help him. Although Sams allow him to make it free from being grieved, he pursues his way to the way and the Tess family really important.
798 ::: "Butternut Square" (1964) ::: family ::: Butternut Square was a Canadian children's television series, aired on CBC television between October 19, 1964 and 10 February 1967. The artists showed Erny Combs as Mr. Drashup, who would follow their own landmark television series.
799 ::: "Get Fresh" (1986) ::: family ::: Get Fresh was a Children's TV show on Saturday morning in the United Kingdom. Located in a spacecraft called Millennium Dustbin every week, hosts would go to different cities across the country and speak to interesting people, show caricatures and organize competitions. A puppet extraterrestrial joined the crew which had less than desirable ways expressed by Phil Cornwell, she still had dripping mucus. Of his nostrils.
800 ::: Swieta Rodzinka (????) ::: family ::: I have a family. Mother -journalist, father -photographer, grandmother who loves to disappear, the youngest Tajio. The family lives on the road, as in all families. But they meet the challenge someday, completely changing their lives. But the power of the family and the magic of Christmas can help them survive it.
801 ::: Running Forever (2015) ::: family ::: After the mother's death in the 9/11 attacks, both daughter and father must work together to re -establish their relationship. When eating almost both of them, a bond with a beautiful horse that went through its own tragic damage brings Taylor Sims, which is important - family, friendship and faith. With the help of the community and from above, they will repair the parts of their lives and stop driving forever.
802 ::: The BIG Aircraft Carrier (1995) ::: family ::: The big aircraft carrier: see a huge aircraft carrier in action! Go behind the scenes of the USS Nimitz. Watch over sound hunter jets and land! Follow the naval pilot on a mission. Discover how a carrier works. Visit the control tower, the bridge, the kitchens, the clothes deck and much more! Experience how it is to live on board a floating city with almost 6000 people!
803 ::: Power Rangers Time Force: Photo Finish (2001) ::: family ::: When the Rangers visit the set of an action movie, a specialist is injured and Wes (Ranger Red) are volunteers to complete. But the Rangers soon discover that they are the involuntary stars of a reality movie entitled "The End of the Rangers". The director becomes Cinecon, a mutant that transports adolescents to different movie scenes, each full of dangers and challenges that threaten life ... and a script that requires its disappearance. Is this the final curtain for the Rangers ... or will they survive to find fame and fortune in Tseseltown? Mitch, a young local newspaper photographer, hires Katie (Ranger Yellow) to help him in a great task to reveal the identities of the Power Rangers. When the artillicon mutant attacks the Rangers, Mitch and Katie they will take photos, but Katie sneaks out to help their friends. In the fight, she and the rangers are crumbled and Mitch captures it in the movie. She begs him not to publish the photos, but he cannot afford to lose his job. The mutant grows and attacks again. Can weakened rangers defeat Artillicon? And, if they survive, will they be exposed by Mitch?
804 ::: Dong seung (2002) ::: family ::: Nine -year -old monk K, Donium, has lived most of his lonely life in a quiet mountain monastery under his elderly master. It was placed under the strict care of Buddhism, meditation, and chores, but the child does not remember, but to think of his mother who wants to miss it and wants to meet someday. Can not. He also wants to be like other children who live nearby, play games and attend school. Another friend of Do-nyum is an older monk named Jung-Sim, and is struggling to stay on the path of enlightenment. The ground keeper of the temple keeps reassuring that the mother will come back someday. However, Donium is tired of waiting for her mother who may never return, but agrees to adopt a wealthy monastery, a wealthy widow who visited the temple to lament his son who died every year. do.
805 ::: "Gorilla School" (2010) ::: family ::: Gorilla school following the amazing story of the goungeration of the Gordil comes into the forest. Three Baby Western Gorillas Gorolas, Kouki, is considered to the tire of rain
806 ::: Margaritka (1961) ::: family ::: The school year is a Margarita illness. Her daddy writer and her mommy will rehearse her lines for a new premier, an actress. She has an affair with the production director. At Mummy Premier, Daddy sees her and director kiss. Daddy and Margaritka go out without waiting for the mummy. Returning home, a row is inevitable, but it still does not solve nothing. Mummy goes on a trip, and go to the rural areas of the Margarit and daddy. There she makes friends with the villagers and she forgets about the incessant cough and sneezing. Soon she begins to miss the mummy and ask Daddy. He writes a telegram but does not post it. The child finds a piece of broken paper and goes to the post office. Mummy comes and meet their three back.
807 ::: Christmas at Water's Edge (2004) ::: family ::: For malfunction, rich college girl Laila Turner, Christmas means usually designer wrapping paper and holiday gift bags from Bloomingdale. But this year, Laila will learn the true meaning of the weather when an unexpected angel in disguise comes with a very special mission: to convert this pampering into a careful woman!
808 ::: Train Master (2008) ::: family ::: The 62 -year -old Jeremiah Wilson is really the train master of the Willamette Western Railroad. He lives, breathes and eats railway. When Brett Banner, the 32 -year -old heritage of New York Eastern, speaks his father about the purchase of Willamette Western, there is immediately a collision between himself and Jeremiah. Jeremiah is released by Brett two years after the retirement and turns into an angry, depressive grandfather. When Brett's nine -year -old son Justin realizes that Jeremiah's grandson Thomas can drive a locomotive, he kidnaps and holds Thomas' favorite dinosaurs. Justin, Thomas and 3 other children get an old engine for repairs and accidentally transform it into an out of control that causes a chain reaction of events.
809 ::: "X-Tudo" (1992) ::: family ::: Its first edition is said on the presentation of actor Gerson de Abreu and Puppet X, which dealt with everyday topics and curiosities in general. There was also Marcelo Mansfield's participation in talking about scientific curiosities, Oscar Simch as the king and Raquel Barcha as a sherazade, both talking about reading suggestions, and young interviewer Rafael Barioni
810 ::: Afblijven (2006) ::: family ::: Schoolboy Jordi has to work two jobs, as a hospital cleaner and car was-clerk. Yet he bends back to help his classmates, especially total radical Melissa. The spoiled but emotional daughter of a snobbish dad who looks down on 'normal, horny' Jordi through her own admission has only one talent: dancing. When she gets the chance to dance in a video, she shamelessly abused and ignores Jordi. Instead, she makes contact with other dancers, who drag her in ecstasy abuse 'to dance better'. Soon she is such a social and medical mess, even Dad comes to beg Jordi to help her find and heal.
811 ::: Thalai Nagaram (2006) ::: family ::: Thalainagaram lingers on a gang of handsome men who are faced with several problems after having decided to reform. On the right (Sundar C) and Balu (Bose Venkat) work as a henchman to a Bhai donation (Judo Rathnam). Between Dhivya (Jyothirmayi), which settles in the same locality where good life. Meanwhile, the right develops a difference in opinion with Bhai. On the right, ends up killing Bhai's son. Bhai takes revenge by killing Balu. This brings a change of heart to the right and its men. When they decide to reform and lead a decent life, enter the bad cop Prakash Raj, who forces them to resume rowdyism. Meanwhile, Bhai is looking to end right. There is a series of meetings between right, Bhai Ad Gopinath and finally Right prevails.
812 ::: Home Made (2017/I) ::: family ::: Jeff is a well -known and TV personality who thinks he has it all. But when his wife leaves him only with his young son, Luke, for the weekend, he discovers that he has sacrificed his relationship with his family for professional success and is determined to connect with his son. Both Jeff and the premature lubrication end up learning valuable life lessons.
813 ::: Adopt (2015) ::: family ::: A daughter abandoned, a mother for leaving the girl met with the help of the girl. To defend and accept it in the brightness .the loes News in China, and good and other movements. Terrible or beauty? You are a judge!
814 ::: A Lionel Christmas 2 (2009) ::: family ::: Christmas Morning memories, recorded in a series of incredible places-including the Rockefeller Center, a house that fills Christmas trains and decorations of each room, a tree surrounding design that includes polar Express, Lionel Christmas Design at NBC Exhibition Today is Christmas. View in Miss, Central Grand Terminal and FAO Schwartz. The charm of the pure holiday.
815 ::: Miracle Maker (2015/II) ::: family ::: It all starts with a small seed of love. "The miracle producer comes!" Everyone in the tiny village is excited when they hear the news that the well-known man of the wounds is coming to their village. But the humble traveler who seems is not what someone was expecting. They were looking forward to someone magnificent who would change their lives. But it seems that this man can hardly take care of himself, let alone fulfill the dreams of others. However, miracles can come in all shapes and sizes-and sometimes from unexpected places.
816 ::: Fishtales (2007) ::: family ::: The film takes place on the Greek Island SP Fa Spits, where widows are going to lose their research grant studying the ancient Love Spells of Greek-history professor Thomas Bradley. He knows that he is close to a major academic progress and wants to continue his research. Thomas has been given the last chance to continue his work on the Greek island, at the house of Professor KLter, Professor OX Xford Don. His 12 -year -old daughter, affiliated by Serena, left for Thomas Greece Island, who is looking for the inspiration needed to fulfill its thesis. Serena knows that her father has to find love again after his wife's loss. Initially, Serena tries her hand on matchmaking with local women on the island, which is less than an awkward and clumsy Thomas. Serena neride meets the ancient souls in a very relevant way. However, Mary's Evil is present in the form of Captain Mawaro, who intends to kill an island fisherman Neride and get his paws on his invaluable gem-encrypted tail. Serena realizes that she finally found an ideal match for her father and sits for her father's ancient Greek love so that she falls in love. Eventually, Narride sacrifices his immortality to become a mortal human being, Joins Thomas and Serena back to OX Qsford where Thomas's thesis was found in victory.
817 ::: Positively Ozitively (2013) ::: family ::: In this innovative problems for solving problems, DOT, the daughter of Dorothy, is published every day with the children of the favorite characters in the classic book of L. Frank Baum, The Wizard of Oz. In every episode, the "yellow brick road" leads DOT to a new magical place where she solves problems with her friends from Oz.
818 ::: "Stundin okkar" (1966) ::: family ::: Standin Occar is the biggest and well -known Icelandic TV show on television today. The show has been airing from the end of the 80s and has some big names in the Icelandic media on the show and have different hosts over the years. Some hosts have intelligent characters like Aliens, Super Heroes and Puppets. Among the unforgettable hosts were Gunni & Felix (1994-1996), Osta & Keli (1997-2001) and Birtha and Bardur (2002 and Running!), They were long with the show and started the new spin.
819 ::: "The Bozo Super Sunday Show" (1994) ::: family ::: "The Super Sunday Show" was the final incarnation of what was once an institution across America. As before, the colorful host of the show, Bozo the Clown is always stripped of blue clothing, red hair and nose and excessive shoes led activities to the audience's audience, youth groups and organizations, and Adults. Staples of the show included Vaudeville songs, skits, stories, acts and games. The Great Prize game invited (as he caught randomly) one boy and a girl from the audience to throw ping-pong balls in a six-bucket line, from increasing distances, to prizes. And of course, the pies of the cream continued to fly into the faces of the members of the regular cast. By 1997, Bozo began delivering children's exercises, and video trip segments appeared for educational venues such as a museum and a fire station. The Chicago-based Super Sunday Show was the last show in which the immortal clown to be produced, as many stations that had their local Bozo (180 stations) showed out production of either a day or weekly air show spectacles of the child's designated or, probably more often, tabloid news (for example, "current affair") and trash talk programs such as Jerry Springer. During the 40 years of Bozo Chicago Run, more than 2 million "boys and girls, mothers and dads" were members of the studio audience.
820 ::: Styrmand Karlsen (1958) ::: family ::: The first partner Knud Karlsen has just received sad news from his girlfriend. On board the ship is also chef Valdemar, sailor Ole, the son of the confidence of the owner Robert and a lot of anxious sailors. On board develops the drama every minute, which culminated with the climax of the film, when a fire explodes on board
821 ::: The Walt Disney World Explorer (1996) ::: family ::: This interactive, point-end-click computer application allowed guests to detect the Walt Disney World Resort Around 1996 (1998 in the second edition). Users can take the themed tour of the resort, can play mini-game like "Quiz Challenge", in 1971, it can see the growing timeline of the history of the resort, in pictures to "hidden Mickey" (Mickey Mouse's silhouette) in paintings , Or find in pictures, or in pictures, or explore the resort on your own. Almost every ride, hotel, water park, restaurant, shopping option, in-park entertainment, and backstage feature that could be found in the resort during time, the program was detailed in the program.
822 ::: "Cooking with a K" (2016) ::: family ::: "Cooking with K" has chef kennedy, a young cook with a wonderful passion for creating craft and delicious products. Chef Kennedy uses her top-level culinary skills and IQ above the average to teach preschoolers with abundant lessons in science, math, language, art, and reading!
823 ::: Barney: Let's Go to the Zoo (2001) ::: family ::: The BJ travels a photo safari to the journey, taking photos of all animals, while the baby bop looks for a real elephant to show his doll "Nelly the Elephant". And is an unexpected guest - Scooter McNetti - who discovers the zoo for an exhibition dedicated to the rich of animals: Squirrel! When Barney takes you to the zoo, animal fun and facts, songs and surprise are an abundance of.
824 ::: "Hi-5 House" (2013) ::: family ::: Join your favorite Hi -5 friends in a new adventure as they welcome you to their Hi -5 house -it is the place ... and those dreams can really come true! L Ure Ren, Stevie, Einsley, Dan and Mary explore very attractive places and meet some new friends along the way ... Our Chetty Friend Chats also welcomes you in their home 'The Chatterbox' where you will find a little cool new Hi -5 friends. Many stories of becoming healthy and active and magical enterprises (and some super hero ones), the fun of cheeky animal, groovi are new ways so prepare your dance feet and let's grove in the Hi -5 house where anything is possible!
825 ::: Barney: Let's Go to the Zoo (2001) ::: family ::: Photo Safari makes the other trip, taking pictures of all animals, while Baby BB OP PP searches a real elephant to show his Lingley "Nelly the Elephant." And there is an unexpected guest - scooter McNutty - who invents the zoo for the exhibition dedicated to the noble of animals: squirrel! When Barney takes you to the zoo, there is an abundance of animal fun and facts, songs and surprises.
826 ::: Chip & Friends (2001) ::: family ::: Chip & Friends Interactive V1.0 presents a variety of important issues related to the computer in a way that all children can easily learn and understand. Adapted from the Scholastic Video/Chip & Friends Program Original, this interactive version is intended to be used both in the Scholastic and Private sectors. Designed to make the challenges of teaching the computer label to a simpler child, Chip & Friends is not simply a game but a complete educational experience. It consists of seven interactive games, each with its own video that addresses individual problems and introduces the theme in question. A game guide and a teacher guide have also been included, as well as an printable chip poster and its parts, rules and glossary that can hang your computer. Following the guidelines provided, these materials will give your child an initial understanding of what computers are, how to take care of them and the rules that must be followed to become responsible computers users.
827 ::: "Crunch Time" (2016/II) ::: family ::: The Crunch Time is a spicy lifestyle program for tweens. The program is a funny, filled RIP roaring entertainment show that explodes on your screen while you discover many cool things about food, games, sports, active and basically. In each episode, the Crunch Time hosts meet two great young guests from our audience. You always have a special talent to show.
828 ::: "Brooke & Carly" (2016) ::: family ::: Brooke and Karly's misunderstanding - Michael T. Welcome to Grandpaville created by Lombardi. Kinket (Michael T. Lombi) in the Prime Minister's Prime series has left her cousin to get a new job in New York. But Kinkay Brook (Hannah Perure) and Karly (Sydney Bradso) and Campus (Sydney Bradsho) "(Sydney Bradsha). These two mistakes were moved to New York, and in some way it went to Westmore and quickly became a thorn into Kinkyid.
829 ::: "Interaction Station" (2017) ::: family ::: Dylan teaches us to know God's knowledge, because the authorities of God are reflected in Matthew 6: 8. Dylan leads to life, as it says a student to help him worry about this record to God.
830 ::: Overlays (2009) ::: family ::: Overviews are part of a series of ongoing videos about my son Kai. This video combines Kai's homemade recordings as a baby and at 3 years with manipulated images of my morning train trip in Osaka, Japan. The soundtrack uses an electronic tone sequencer. Edited and mixed at the Experimental Television Center, Owego New York Summer 2009.
831 ::: Fishtales (2007) ::: family ::: The film takes place on the Greek island of Speatses, where Greek professor of Greek history Thomas Bradley is ready to lose his research grant by studying ancient love spells. He knows that he is close to great academic progress and desperately wants to continue his study. Thomas was given a last chance to continue his work on a Greek island at the home of Oxford Don supporter, Professor Coulter. Joined by his 12-year-old daughter, Serena, Thomas leaves the island of Greece seeking the inspiration he needs to complete his thesis. Serena knows that what her father needs most is to find love again after losing his wife. Initially, Serena tries her hand in the match against local women on the island, who are less than impressed by unpleasant and clumsy Thomas. Many in accordance with the ancient souls themselves, Serena meets Nereid a beautiful mermaid. However, Menace is present in the form of evil Mavros Captain, an island fisherman who aims to kill Nereid and take his clutches on her invaluable tail of the jewel. Serena realizes that she has finally found the ideal match for her father and uses ancient spells of her father's love to make them fall in love. Eventually Nereid sacrifices her immortality to become a mortal human being, joining Thomas and Serena again in Oxford, where Thomas's thesis is taken in Triumph.
832 ::: Journey to the River Sea (????) ::: family ::: It is 1910. Mia, an orphan, cannot wait to meet long -lost relatives in the heart of Amazon. She travels with Mint, she is a serious visible rule. She dreams of becoming a loving family in an exciting forest to replace her dead parents. Instead, she finds two evil & hate cousins ​​who refuse to hate and out of the jungle. But she is the wonders of Rainforest than to meet her terrible new family. When Mia met a mysterious boy living alone on the banks of Amazon, she tried to escape from the boy from England, and she begins her thrilling journey to the heart of the wonderful new world.
833 ::: "Cine de Gala" (2015) ::: family ::: Get acquainted with our owners, Roberto Huikoea, Pati Vegona and Consulo Vega, Consulo Vega, and present them with fun facts in the cinema and introduce them to the facts you don't know about them. Cine de Gala offers its movies in a new reset version of the new restored version.
834 ::: The Dempsey Sisters (2013) ::: family ::: Dina, Shea and Tina Dempsey are sisters who have always shared everything that grows, including their love for singing! Quickly forward to more than a decade after their last performance, the girls find themselves through movements working an average of 9 to 5 jobs, just to cope and meet. The loss of her very chic and stable work is ultimately the catalyst who catapulted Dina in a place she never thought would turn out again; Pursuing his dream of singing. With the help of her greater brother Tad, who appears on her threshold with a parallel dream and a brand new wife, Dina is confronted to convince Shena and Tina that she is not over while the Dampie sisters sing!
835 ::: Bhalwan Singh (2017) ::: family ::: Bhalwan Singh is desperate to stand against the British Empire, but he is not sure how to do it. As he strives hard, all his efforts go in vain and he even fails to impress the girl of his dreams. Gradually, Bhalwan Singh and his friend, Dittu decide to take things in their hands and kidnap a British architect. Soon, things start to fall in place for the duo in the most ridiculous way and Bhalwan is noticed that he wants for him.
836 ::: Tiny Miracles (2001) ::: family ::: The story of the young orphan Andy. Dream of having a real home. With the help of a friend and his magic blanket, they place him with the rich Sterling family. Finally, finding a home, he must win the family before maid Evil Doreen leaves his. . . That's when the adventure begins.
837 ::: Brush It Up! (2017) ::: family ::: One part trip to travel, two -piece art lesson, one part of a street loan, this educational series of Vibey has participated in the most hyed artist of LA and "Art Activist", Alex Schaefer, doing what he does best! The episode was the first to participate in Alex on his own home Gazon: the Center of Los Angeles.
838 ::: Holiday Plans (2013) ::: family ::: The holiday plans present to the "Treehouse gang" in a comedy about what happens when Jordan, an eight -year -old intelligent, fearing that his parents have not achieved what he wants for Christmas, he shows his friends to take the holidays In your own hands.
839 ::: Piet Piraat en de mysterieuze mummie (2010) ::: family ::: Piet's crew is hired by Aunt Cleo to bring back an Egyptian mum house from a museum. Balend discovers that the sarcophagus is empty and cannot resist hiding himself as a mummy to scare his crew members to let him party on the food supplies. However, he is discovered and locked up in the galley and then finds the real mummy there too, which has worse intentions.
840 ::: Wizard of Youth (2016) ::: family ::: Four children play the youth of young people, are surprised when the characters from the game come to life and invite them to enter the game, to do, and they instantly transported to the magical kingdom of the end of the Young people, where they learn how to care for their health and stay small for the rest of their lives no matter how much they have. Together with the brunt, his magical dog Rock Rock and the somewhat neurotic cat, the children listen to the wizard he teaches them to stay young while Evil Dark Wizard, Dark Fitness, tries to do them all by teaching them not to take care of themselves. Rated G, educational, and fun for the whole family in the tradition of older cartoons who have fun all the different ages. Shown in schools and approved teacher. Wizard of Youth Com
841 ::: Tea Cakes or Cannoli (2000) ::: family ::: Life through the eyes of a sixteen -year -old boy who grows on the north side of Boston. The director Francine Pellegrino captures the richness of Boston-Cabalian's heritage while exposing the importance of love, family and neighborhood.
842 ::: Firefighter Frank (2005) ::: family ::: Firefighter Frank is a handheld animated cartoon in the form of a storybook. The cartoon star is Andy, an eight -year -old little boy with a clear impression. Andy's teacher gives a very important task to the class to seek a violation of fire at home. Andy never waste and before you know, everyone in the neighborhood has received a fire. Andy is looking for help in his fire safety project and spent a magic afternoon at the fire station with his uncle, Frank's firefighter. There he meets the colorful characters of the characters: the hose ' - a Spanish fire hose, Stubbs - a New York Fire Brigade, stretch - a tight small ladder with funny antiques, and dot - dalmatian that all around The fire station holds the number seventy -Six Andy's adventure for a lifetime and learns that fire safety can be fun!
843 ::: Little League's Official How-to- Play Baseball Video (1985) ::: family ::: The official video of Little League, how to play, combines 70 minutes of entertainment and easily understandable instructions with network -style video effects in 19 comprehensive chapters. Quite basic for beginners, but very informative to help even brighter young stars shine brighter. Produced by Little League for 8-14 years old players, the video learns all the skills it will take to excel in America's favorite passage. There is an accompanying book that complements the video.
844 ::: Where the Fast Lane Ends (2017) ::: family ::: Where the fast lane ends-a movie, ranked family-friendly (how rare these days), about a family in Atlanta in the fast lane, loses contact with their children, will be invited to restore Back to the roots of the farm, and see how the family changes for the better. Approved by the National FFA! You must see this movie !!
845 ::: "Dumbo's Circus" (1985) ::: family ::: Disney's classic Dumbo, an elephant live TV series with elephant flying (with the help of its reliable feathers). The characters had all the costumes ("With Plowpelsics", I'm welcome to the pouch's puree and Disney. These series have not produced a lot of episodes, but run too much for the cable series became popular.
846 ::: Ya Gol Gol Dabyatla (2012) ::: family ::: Bajapa Mahapat and his wife are blessed with a child when they are in the 40's. They work as a maiden to give the best education and facilities to their son Digamber as a childhood Digamber feels he can be reluctant to the profession of his parents and during their old age decide to take engineering. Bajapa sells his ancestors to keep up with his educational costs. While the Digamber Engineering Study begins to live in the City Hostel to minimize contacts from his parents Come when Digamber marries a movie producer without notifying his parents to live by heart with Many of the following tragedies.
847 ::: Finding Rin Tin Tin (2007) ::: family ::: The true story of the mythological German Shepherd, which was found by American pilot Lee Dankun in France during the First World War, and later became the most famous animal star in Hollywood history.
848 ::: "Animal Planet ZOOventure" (1997) ::: family ::: Fiery Redhead, JD Roth, explodes on the small screen, as the host of this ordinary children show. By being held on the spot, at the San Diego Zoo, competitors compete in animal -related trives and animal -related challenges and durability. The Grand Prize: One in life a chance to be a zoo guard for the day !!! Four happy kids can compete in tests for knowledge and endurance, all for the grand prize become a "zoo for the day". Recorded at the world -renowned zoo in San Diego, this show uses animals as a theme, creating questions and games spinning around the zoo's creatures. Smart gamehow for children, as well as enthusiastic adults, loving animals, the show offers challenging questions about little things, fun games and great costumes.
849 ::: "The Romper Room" (1964/I) ::: family ::: Romper Room was a preschool children's program created by Bert and Nancy Claster in the United States (1953), which they then franchise in Australia (1963), Canada (1970), Hong Kong (1965), Italy, Japan (1963 ), New Zealand (1975), Puerto Rico (1971), Taiwan (1972) and the United Kingdom (1964)-East Anglia by Anglia Television. Rosalyn Thompson was the host as Miss Rosalyn from 1964 to 1976, with Rose Neill as Miss Rose in 1977. Romper Room was a preschool children's program created by Bert and Nancy Claster in the United States (1953), that They then franchise in Australia (1963 (1963), Canada (1970), Hong Kong (1965), Italy, Japan (1963), New Zealand (1975), Puerto Rico (1971), Taiwan (1972) and The United Kingdom (1964) - East Anglia by Anglia Television. Rosalyn Thompson was the host as Miss Rosalyn from 1964 to 1976, with Rose Neill as Miss Rose in 1977.
850 ::: Clark Is (????) ::: family ::: That's right. Screy doll program. The intense theater is seized. The owner hires a famous band and tries to save the theater, but the band fell from the earth's face. Clark takes the challenge of surviving the theater, impressing the girl, and becoming a new voice in a new era.
851 ::: A Norman Rockwell Christmas Story (1995) ::: family ::: The film brings a famous Norman Rockwell painting to life. Samuel Kavanag, such as the character, returns to the pond that has been frozen every year to restore the happy moments of his life. Michael Grant is an unsatisfactory teenager who is trying to skate with his father who misses in action in Korea. Our story crosses their ways several times when we loose. This is a heartfelt Christmas story
852 ::: Rocket's Red Glare (2000) ::: family ::: With the help of his ex-astronaut grandfather, a disturbed 17-year-old Todd Baker restores a Mercury Redstone rocket as a scientific project. If a NASA emergency leaves a space shuttle and its crew in danger, Todd's rocket is the only one who is ready for the immediate start.
853 ::: Ms. Mola's Make-ola! (2009) ::: family ::: "Mrs. Molas Make-Ola!" This particular episode introduces the worldwide audience to the world, "Mrs. Mola", he teaches art and crafts in re -using and recycling. Neighbors joined the "Make-Ola" house in Mrs. Mola, where children create their own creation on the show and make their own creation! The audience also meets the "grandma security pants" and is introduced to the world of "Saki-Bonnea" and "Shosetta" ... Two love-efficiency, soft, animated expensive toy creations! The exhibition of special guest artists performed by Rawmateralialsbymelissa.com's Melissa Rajsky, show how she makes stylish fashions from recycle clothing. "Mrs. Molas Make-Ola!"
854 ::: Tanglewoods' Secret (1980) ::: family ::: Patricia St. John's warm story about Philip and Ruth in 1940s England. They put their hearts on a used camera, which will greatly increase the quality of nature study notes. The only way they can collect is to wear the clothes of gypsy flowers. Ruth from Gordian, the aunt Margaret, discovered a vibrant but unsuccessful defense and decided to escape. It was found the next morning by the deputy church of a small village where the night slept. She listens to her story and sends her home with a new design to continue with her aunt. Terry, the gypsy boy who is a great friend, broke his back by falling from a tree. Terry's mother is poor and she cannot take care of him properly. So Philip and Ruth decided to put their savings in buying things for him. but to no avail. Terry's death caused confusion and sadness. Roth prayed for him and did not listen to God. Only Mr. Tandy, the old shepherd has any kind of adequate answer to her questions.
855 ::: "Pop It!" (2008) ::: family ::: "Pop it!" Interactive dance-along TV series for children from 6 to 11 years old who offers pleasure, exercise and entertainment. Each show has a catchy original pop song, cool music video clips and our 3 charismatic young hostines who teach routines from the video clips. Now children can dance like a music video star and at the same time get a great training!
856 ::: That One Summer (2005) ::: family ::: Otis Garner was in their fifties when he came out on his wife and children. During a sweetness meeting with his son Ted thirty years later, Otis hears a story in a special summer when Ted fought with his own breakdown. An ambitious flashback shows that Ted overworked has put pressure on time for his own young son Mike and his boyfriend Andy who want to spend the summer making movies. Finally, making the importance of getting involved, Ted gives and helps children create a very special film based on a classic Native American legend, The Sleeping Bear. Ted obtains the help of certain unusual characters, including a colored tug captain, a man who has bears as pets, an Amerindian storyteller and many others. Together, they help all boys in their film and along the way, demonstrate the true sense of friendship.
857 ::: Bunks (2013) ::: family ::: If two problem brothers travel to the idillic summer camp, they destroy each rule in the book and find the salon of the boys' table. But the real problem begins when they start accidental work, it will take a camp.
858 ::: Sync or Swim (2018) ::: family ::: Sofia Snow, 22, is the poster of Nouveau Riche Chic with Grandiose plans to climb the social ladder in a new city. It knows that the fastest way to popularity is through the things you can buy money - the latest technology, the most important car, and the most modern clothes. When her father refuses to give her an empty examination, she comes out of the city center apartment to find herself alone for the first time. It immediately contradicts the grains, incompatible with the world around it. The paths you choose drowned in chaos at each turn. Will you coincide or swim? Only time is enough to prove ...
859 ::: Police Lines Ek Purna Satya (2016) ::: family ::: Bala stayed in the police colony about 20 to 25 years ago as his father and brother worked in the police force. He returns from abroad after many years and thinks that he thinks about the days spent there and sees that nothing has been changed, it is unlikely to change. This situation remains the same which once retires the father, either the son has to join the force. Many young stars want to take this career or not, but their problems start here Are.
860 ::: "Jay's Jungle" (2015) ::: family ::: Jay's jungle is a preschool series that follows the adventures of Jay the Lighthouse Keeper. Jay lives on a J-shaped island in a lighthouse called Seymore. Every day, his magical light all over the world beams around the world to search for thoughts and questions that are to be researched.
861 ::: Patas Arriba (2011) ::: family ::: Renato knew his six-year-old granddaughter, his six-year-old grandson, respect for friendships and other people's views. Renato has three children; Montserrat, who cares for it, has an anita, his marriage, his son El Salvador. The girls decided to send him to the hospital against his will. However, with the help of carloths, his grandson will get rid of Venezuela and sailed to El Salvador and sailed from Venezilla in Brazil.
862 ::: Wadimbisa (1960) ::: family ::: A young man wants to graduate from technical college and establish a carpenter in his hometown village. When he thinks that he is impossible to make money there, he moves to the city and his uncle gives a healthy advice on establishing his business as a cabinet manufacturer. His uncle tells him that despite his qualifications, he needs to think practically and communicate with reality. He should make a good and well -available product, such as furniture, and keep it in mind to produce an artistic nick knick that no one buys. Time, care, order, and maintenance are the most important. When a young man achieves economic stability through his trade practice, he marries an advanced and westernized daughter.
863 ::: "Junk Food Flip" (2014) ::: family ::: A fried chicken sandwich in a Belgian waffle offers Bobby and Nikki a real challenge when it comes to cutting calories and preserving the aromas of a dish that represents Gruyer cheese, Prosciutto di Parma, ARUGULA, Dutch sauce and an egg extremely easy.
864 ::: The Doubtful Guest (????) ::: family ::: A charming mischievous creature appears in a family bed & breakfast and turns the life of the funny family upside down.
865 ::: How to Beat a Bully (2015) ::: family ::: This is a family comedy with an anti-bullying topic. When a new child named Cory moves into the city, the school bullies select it. To protect himself, he does not use his fists and instead uses his brain! He scares the bullies through Fibbing that his father will be a killer for the mob. The word spreads quickly and also attracts the attention of the real Mobsters in the city. Now his father has the problem! Since Shenanigans arise between the family and the Mobstern, Cory has to find a way to do things right. (Think "Home Alone" meets "the sopranos." But without weapons!) This is a broad comedy with a lot of fun and physical humor.
866 ::: Missions to America (2000) ::: family ::: Missions to America, an electronic excursion to the colonial Williamsburg, allows students to explore the world of the seventeenth century North America. They travel to the first permanent English colony in America, a French settlement with large lakes and a Spanish mission to the southwest to find out how different European nations colonize America.
867 ::: "Uvek sa vama" (1984) ::: family ::: The popular chachem serial series blicchum u 22 creative team decided to start the first night entertainment rate of the night of the Beer TV. It was based on a good tested program mixed mixed mixed: com moodid, music
868 ::: Camp New: Humble Pie (2017) ::: family ::: Camp New: Over -the -top Christian comedy for the whole family on Humble. CAMP coordinators join when they know about walking in the fruit of the soul. Archer ace is new to the camp and is very proud to boot. He challenges fellow coordinator Penny to the dual fight of athletesism, which once and for all, proves who the great camp coordinator. Meanwhile, Miss Mo and Penny Division will try to continue the camp smoothly when they begin to infiltrate. They cannot accept the name of the fall of the fall - or is it bonanza? When the pots of Miss Mo are missing and the camp pranks are loose, things are not further control. A full investigation is underway. Success and defeat in Camp New, Camps (completely intended to pun), and the lessons of love, peace and patience - all worked with a fine slice of "humble pie".
869 ::: Little Ghost Grabbers (2012) ::: family ::: When the school project is very dangerous in this family, the Slavery Carter Meeting in means find community service in the meaning, the older multiple house, hang out. But it takes a lot of time to fear the middle of these scientists and the determination to reach the bottom of the eri events.
870 ::: Kookh (2016) ::: family ::: This is a story about Rudy, a woman who chooses her successor to meet her original need and is financial stability and a safe future for her child. His wife Calo is a "casanova" that cannot protect enough for his life. Nature and irresponsible from nature, he does not do his time in gambling, flirting. A foreign couple, Patrick and Maria, come to India, a city in Gujarat, Anand, where there is a clinic that specializes in the treatment of artificial insemination and, through women, decide to replace, hope and opportunity for couples. Gives a child. This is a two -way order in which the couple becomes a child and the woman gets thick money. Rudy learns through a source about this option that can give new beams hope to the future of his child and provide financial stability for his family. The resulting events see Rudy in the hospital, while Calu approaches Maria, a reckless romance flourishes at the end. The peak of the tornado destroys emotions, with the sad death of Miti, Rudy loses control of the situation and makes the feeling completely destroyed. How this couple gather to start a new tomorrow, to start life again, their daughter Miti and their dear desires are very sensitive and delicate towards consumption. Attractive and promising, the story is obliged to keep you on the edge and feel more subtle delicacies, so it attaches an emotional chord with its film and its separate characters.
871 ::: "Hi-5 House" (2013) ::: family ::: Join your favorite Hi-5 friends in a completely new adventure because they welcome you at your HI-5 house-this is a place for ... and this is where dreams can really become reality! Loren, Stevie, Aynley, Daine and Mary discover the most amazing places and meet with some completely new friends ... Even our friendly chats welcome you and bring you home " The Chatterbox "Welcome to a few new ones Hi -5 friends there are many stories, animal entertainment, new ways to be healthy and active and magical (and even some wonderful heroes), so dancing Prepare yourself and let's grapple at the Hi-5 house where anything is possible!
872 ::: The 53rd Annual Academy Awards (1981) ::: family ::: Award of the American Academy of Cinematographic Arts and Sciences, since 1940, known as the Oscar, - the American Award for Films, created in 1929 and traditionally transmitted to the figures of cinematographic art for their contribution to the creation of films.
873 ::: A Second Chance (2017) ::: family ::: In the modern era with classic Charles Dickens, Carroll Carroll, spoiled pop star, Chinese Loew, is forced to face who she was, who was one day and the glory fate awaiting her after the circulation of love with fame and wealth for a long time. These fateful glimpses in her life are guided by modern fluctuations on the spirits of the past Christmas, present and future. Brian, Assistant Chinese Loew of the Faithful, his presidents may save grace.
874 ::: "Whirligig" (1950) ::: family ::: There were for a year-old in the time of my memory as a year-year-old alar and captain candy for some actions and in the second one for the model train engine robbery. Young viewers were invited by Frank Kevin to choose the next event and one winner.
875 ::: "Peppy Pals" (2017) ::: family ::: In a total of 16 short episodes, children go on a fun adventure with five gender neutral animal friends: dogs, Sammy the Horse, Cat Kelly, Rabbits Gaby, and Owl. Friends face a variety of issues, such as resolution of conflicts, stress, fear, and exclusion.
876 ::: The Mis-Education of Joy (2016) ::: family ::: Joy Hunter has just graduated from high school and has been accepted with his two best friends at a college. Joey is a Christian and has had a share of experiments in life. That is, the disease that must end her life by the age of 15 is now recovering. Happiness records for an ancient history class taught by Professor Jim Bayern. He is an oath, once a believer and does everything in his power to make students faith, any faith is very uncomfortable. It is also joining the Class of Paul Agard (mid -30s). Paul returned to school after years to get his teaching degree. Paul quickly realizes that Master Bayern is not playing in accordance with the rules and does not hesitate to go with his head in front of the whole class. The atmosphere begins to buy new teachings and ideas that Bayernis offers and soon becomes a close follower. But Joy's home life begins to suffer because she and her parents are constantly discussing her college and her teacher. Atmospheric health begins to fail. The priest and his doctor are very worried. While talking to Byrnes about college grass, the atmosphere passes through and was taken to the hospital. He refuses to see his parents but wants to see Jim Bayern. These two friends will soon see God as they never expected. Improper training is a story based on real events seen and experienced from the eyes of the Ce Paul Coins of New York.
877 ::: Holiday Blues (????) ::: family ::: Williams spent for many years due to bitter and broken relationships. Martha, the oldest part of the four brothers and sisters are tired of the holiday blues, so he decided to bring his family together for Christmas. Williams must now face people who are now hurting them. Do Christmas make them to change their broken hearts and make humor, or will they allow to continue the "holiday blues"?
878 ::: In the Dog House (2014) ::: family ::: When a divorced mother tries to start meeting again, her children and her dog went to sabotage the dates. They are successful while her beloved high school appears and he is on them and they fight a comedy battle to swing on their mother's heart away from her beloved high school back to her father.
879 ::: "The Bug Diaries" (2019) ::: family ::: The Bug Diaries is an animated comedy series for preschoolers based on witty children's books by the best-selling author Doreen Cronin and the best-selling illustrator Harry Bliss. The show follows a comic trio from Slimy, Crawly and Buzzy Bug Friends, whose Tiny World offers huge adventures.
880 ::: Sumbi: The world's Most Beautiful Breath of the Sea (2012) ::: family ::: Deep and the wild oceans are full of fear at all times. Male dedications are sometimes afraid of wild nature, even for a young woman who is known as gapado henio Noor, who has her own little dream, but every day she struggles with fear and dive within the Deep Vanda Sea for her family. Ocean
881 ::: The Joy Cart (????) ::: family ::: The young boy unit manually treated pediatic cancer patients when he begins a week for children in the hospital. The awesome soul and determination test when he hugged a rare form of cancer, but the child's legacy of children in the hospital is made of children and his illness.
882 ::: A Holiday Celebration at Ford's Theatre (2007) ::: family ::: Comedy, music and dance hit this seasonal gauge in Washington, D.C., theater. Imonia Newton - John, the Humor Singer Allowance, Gosel Sunder
883 ::: "The Everlasting Adventure Series" (1991) ::: family ::: Animation and life action turn the Genesis book into a learning adventure for your children! Suddenly at the beginning, Livingstone The Lion tells the story of an ancient book full of true stories such as creation and flooding. When Lockwood walks from his herd, his guard's sheep, Dublin, would be worried. Fortunately, the lamb enters the Livingstone, a lion learned to tell Lockwood about a mysterious and old book. The lamb hears how two children named Alex and Tify discover the book and learn about the creation of the world, a great flood, a city by the name of Babel and ... but then the book stops. So start this exciting and continuous adventure that mixes animation and direct action to draw children into the world of the Bible.
884 ::: Dik Trom (2010) ::: family ::: The teenager's teenager Trom enjoys growing in a hedonist city dedicated to food and entertainment. When a restaurant chain offers his father the twisted lifelong opportunity to run his own, the Trom family moves. Their new city of birth Dunhoven, however, is inhabited by healthy health that only prefer fitness to dietary skills.
885 ::: "Wunda Wunda" (1953) ::: family ::: Wunda Wunda is the name of the Early Lens TV Series, which was aired in King TV Channel 5 in Seattle, Washington, between 1953 and 1972. Rouspins starring as Wunda Wunda, who read the story with other characters in the show and sang the song. She wore a princess hat and a clown -like makeup, sitting on a magical rug and doing most of her shows. She had a magic window she would attract to help her story. Normal guests included "Clancy The Clock" (animation alarm clock) and doll drums with face showing the beginning of music time.
886 ::: "Katie Morag" (2013) ::: family ::: Katie Morag is a fighter and red -haired girl who lives with her family on the magical Scottish island of Struret. She is one of the great enthusiasts of life. His determination and stubbornness (in Scotland, would be described as 'Thrawn') achieved it in considerable problems sometimes, but they also help her find an exit to her difficulties. It can be stormy and crying, and can be lovely and helpful. She is energetic, one of the makers of life. As a sister, she has her failures, but since most of the sisters, her good points overcome the bad. Katie Morag has excellent generosity of spirit. There are times when it fades, and others when it can be done wrong. But her family and her neighbors, in general, worship her; And she, in general, loves them.
887 ::: "Rá-Tim-Bum" (1989) ::: family ::: Produced by TV Cultura in 1989 and aired until 1992. The roadmap was written by a team directed by FLAVIO DE SOUZA, including CláudiadallaVerde and Dionisio Jacob. Veteran actors Marcelo Tas and Carlos Moreno were members of the cast. The director was Fernando Meirels. The formula is bold, has a free frame, innovated children's programming, and is still clogged with stereotyped formula. He won several awards, including gold medals, at the New York Festival. A total of 180 episodes have been re -executed for a long time.
888 ::: "Blister" (2002) ::: family ::: A TV program that focuses on video games with a lot of action in it. Game genres such as First Person Shooters, Action, Arcade, Adventure, etc. This show would not contain sports-based video games. Sports-based games would be found in the TV program "Sweat" (2002). A show about promotion in games. This show speaks about action games and goes behind the scenes. They discuss all action games such as First Person Shooters (FPS) (Dudke Nukem 3D, Doom, Unreal), Driving Games (Wipeout Fusion, Grand Turismo 3), Platform games (Mario 64, Crash Bandicoot) and Hybrids such as Action/Adventure Games (Lara CroFT : Tomb Raider) and Action/Adventure/Horror Games (Resident Evil, Silent Hill 2).
889 ::: "Privet Vancouver!" (2011) ::: family ::: Private Vancouver! TV Show - A popular weekly entertaining TV show among the Russian -speaking residents of British Columbia (Canada) on Sunday. Private Vancouver! The TV show Canadian online channel Yana TV aired in Russian language for two years (2011 to 2013), which got a total of 60 for release. Each issue of the TV show broadcast the most interesting events held in Greater Vancouver, including the Russian speaking community.
890 ::: "Birthday House" (1963) ::: family ::: Children's TV show (Live, 5 days). With a birthday boy and/or a girl and their friends as guests on the air, viewers were participating in games, songs, stories, manufacturing handicrafts, plays with dolls and interviews with artists and characters.
891 ::: A Belle for Christmas (2014) ::: family ::: When a sweet young boy and his precocious sister, a newly adopted puppy bell, was caught on Christmas Eve to dig a beautiful gold dating a widow's father, the children recruited a friend in the neighborhood. I started an adventurous rescue mission to save her.
892 ::: Lucky Dog (2014) ::: family ::: Lucky Dog is a direct paw action movie and fun for the whole family! The owner of Lucky Travis (Bryce Johnson, "Pretty Little Liars") is a divorced father of two, dedicated to his great children, his exciting architectural work, and mostly the dog and best friend His, Lucky (expressed by David Deluise). This small family seems to have all this until Travis begins to go with his fellow architect named Amber (BOTI Bliss, "CSI: Miami"). To keep everything the same luck usually runs away every woman whose master's dates. But this time Lucky is blindsided by the love of the Holy for Amber's dog, Amy (expressed by "So you think you can dance" Cat Dely). Lucky have decided that girls need to stay but things get ruff when Travis and Amber compete in a design contest and Amber begins to fall for the charms of a client who looks rich. It is up to Lucky and Amy to get their families under one roof!
893 ::: The BIG Submarine (1996) ::: family ::: A prize winning part of a prize winter from the small hatch media! Ride on the world's largest submarine in the world! The virus under the ocean with the sea of ​​a large trap square kilometer! Find out how the Sbar works. Refer to Stairs, Control, Kitchen, the torch rooms and more! What is the experiment to live under water at that time? Learn about the basic submarines! See how the Stories help scientists help scientists learn about a deep life in the sea. Check out a research subscription in the action of thousands of feet! "This film is awesome. I'm awesome science and also teaching a son, and then they learn to write messages before writing and to write messages and make the work of the art . The language used to know the language used, and all children do not have a positive idea when they are looking for a movie. They really worry about sending the positive messages and let them know that they do. A big video and teaching device! "- LS
894 ::: "Penny on M.A.R.S." (2018) ::: family ::: After the adventures of Penny, a girl who has a great talent and a great passion: song. She decides to register for the most famous School of Show Arts, M.A.R.S. His passion will encourage him to fight for his dreams alongside his best friend Camilla. And soon, the arrival of a boy will complicate things.
895 ::: My Extraordinary Summer with Tess (2019) ::: family ::: Sam (10) and his family go to the Dutch island of terschelling on vacation, but his brother breaks his foot on their first day there. Bad luck for his brother, but the incident leaves Sam to meet Tess; A particular girl who has an ingenious plan to get to know her birth father. She only has a week to do his knowledge, and decide that Sam should help her. Although Sam is forcing himself to practice being alone to protect himself from future sorrow, he discovers during his adventures with Tess how important the family is.
896 ::: "The Center" (2003) ::: family ::: A special music group or single artists have interviewed their careers and upcoming projects by host hosts and/or hosts, share their habits, and life philosophy with adult spectators at home and young college-age at home . Personal, social and educational issues such as weight loss, time management, dating and skills are discussed to make a career in general.
897 ::: Bettada Jeeva (2011) ::: family ::: These people were the days of India freedom to fight British authority. To avoid a young shepheramu on a struggle, to avoid carefulness of the police. In one such case, he loses his way in the relief and a thick forest. Locals lead him to spend it at the same night to Kelhabel. He remains a few days than loving competitions. The influence of different aspects of life in these days spoke the whole world before him. Beautiful minds of people living in mountains and forests; Their innocence is hospitality - domestic wisdom - ceremony; their living in harmony with nature; Gopalya and his wife Shankari's ordinary life; care and care for people around them; Income - the history of Gopalaya - events in the development of a beautiful kaatumula farm in the woods even when faced with nature. Living in the land of Gopalaya in his old age; He longs for a regular way to Shankari's coming; Feeling a good reason for the same reason; In front of the Shivaramu, different characters open in front of Shivaram - each leads to the intravenous work with their own predictable work, fear; - All this brings new awareness to Shivaram and help him understand the true meaning of life and life. This movie Jeeva is a try to implement these complex issues that strengthen relationships with staff.
898 ::: Kan du vissla Johanna? (1994) ::: family ::: The young Berra has a friend, Ulf. Ulf has a grandfather he likes very much, he gives Ulf gifts and takes him on fishing tours. Berra has no grandfather, but he wants to whistle someone who is nice to him and who can teach him. Ulf knows where to find a grandfather - in a house for seniors. You are looking for together and Berra finds a great grandfather, Nils.
899 ::: Night Driver (1976) ::: family ::: A night driving game where your headlights turn on the balls on both sides of the road. The item is to stay on the road as much as possible without crashing. As the game moves, however, the road becomes narrower and more windy.
900 ::: "Animal Planet ZOOventure" (1997) ::: family ::: It's like a loved one, like a red, JD Rothead, shines on the small screen. In the San Diego zoo, in the competition, the contestants compete in trivial trivation and tolerance related to animals and resembling animals. Great Prize: A person to wait for a zoo for a life !!! Four happy children test education and patience, and everyone will compete for the grand prize for "one-day zozhapar". The world is recognized in the world-famous San Diego zoo, which uses animals as a topic, publishes questions and games around all creatures of zoo. Smart Gameshov for children, as well as animal love adults, as well as show trivia questions, offer fun games and large costumes.
901 ::: Beyond the Heavens (2013) ::: family ::: Author/director Carbin Bernens and Nathan Gamble (The Dark Night) played a powerful story about a boy, the search for his answers leads him to faith. Oliver is a bright 12 -year -old, his parents live in the shadow of lost their first son.
902 ::: Miracle Maker (2015/II) ::: family ::: It's all starts from one little love seed. "" The wonderful creator is coming! »Everyone in little Hamlet will please the famous wonderful person when he heard that he came to their villages. But a humble traveler causing is not what one waits. They looked forward to someone who changed their lives. But that man can do the dreams of others, as if they can take care of him. However, miracles can occur in all shapes and dimensions, and sometimes suddenly.
903 ::: Teah (2007) ::: family ::: On the tenth birthday of Martin, strange things begin to happen in the ancient forest. The friendly chestnut tree also looks worried. Some strangers come from the city to stay at Martin's house. Although Lonely Martin wants a company for a long time, the newly arrived girl Th is nothing but trouble. As if it was not enough, the other disaster is hidden on the horizon: the contaminated signs appearing on the tree indicate the imminent building of the motorway from the heart of the magical forest. Can it be that ancient trees will be cut for the sake of a new way? Magical and reality are inseparable in the forest. Is there a way to cope with reality and preserve magic? Martin is a true friend who urgently needs the most. Together they can fight for the survival of the forest. A big revelation waiting for Martin on the road to this conflict: the source of magic remains not in the forest, but in the hearts of the people.
904 ::: Sync or Swim (2018) ::: family ::: Sophia Snow, 22, A new city has poster child for Nouveau Riche Chic with grand plans to climb the social ladder. She knows that the fastest method of popularity is through things that can buy money - the latest technology, the hottest car and the most fashionable clothes. When her father refuses to give her an empty check, she first moves out of her city condo to find herself. She immediately goes against the grain, out of the sink with the world around her. The path she chooses, she immerses her in anarchy at every turn. Will she sink or swim? only time will tell...
905 ::: Barney: Clean Up, Clean Up! (2012) ::: family ::: Cleaning was never much fun! The Barney shows his friends they show the cabs that they paint the cabs, pick up the litter, take off the litter and remove the litter! BJ and Baby BOP shows all maintenance methods of all the park cleaning through when his litter - garbage collection robots - malicious behavior.
906 ::: Wiener Dog Internationals (2015) ::: family ::: The Jack family is again there, while they enter the international world of Wiener dog races. Children sneak up to enter Shelly into the internationals and find themselves caught in a sly conspiracy by Ms. Merryweather who could change Wiener dog races forever! Little Shelly, can the champion dog of the United States really face the world?
907 ::: "Outdoor Wild Kids Adventures" (2017) ::: family ::: The year is 2017, and things are changing quickly on planet Earth. Outdoor wild children and their host Mr. Ed. Will explore these changes as they learn about the planet in which they live and those who inhabit it ... past, present and possible futures.
908 ::: Ya Gol Gol Dabyatla (2012) ::: family ::: Bajapa Mahapat and his wife are blessed with a son when their 40 people are at the end. From childhood to their son Digambar, Digamber feels ashamed of his parents' profession and in their old age. Digamber begins to live in the city hostel while studying engineering to reduce contacts from his parents. When Digamber married a filmmaker's daughter secretly, he lived in a heartbeat without informing his parents.
909 ::: Anolkhi Hey Ghar Maze (2009) ::: family ::: Relationships and elements of these relations are held together with reliable and affection. Any time or transaction of such beautiful relationships and relationships starts to weaken the strongest intestines that have started this relationship. The reasons for this, so it is necessary, and it believes that they are more valuable than all people. But if there is such a situation, it is necessary to process it with the most interesting, or it can lead to decay of complex relationships. According to this topic, "Anolhe He's Gar Maaze" will change
910 ::: Svein og Rotta og UFO-mysteriet (2007) ::: family ::: Older and weak people choked Svain, Don and Melissa witnesses because they put the grandmother in a company that dies like flies. They try to lighten her sentiments, but she becomes more aging. Sween's rat, Halvorsen, demonstrates the same features, and believes that children have foul play. They find that aliens are turning around to seek knowledge. Where is wisdom better than the souls of the elderly? To prevent the aliens from sucking the grandmother's soul, they come with a fraudulent plan ...
911 ::: "Peppy Pals" (2017) ::: family ::: In a total of 16 short episodes, the children embark on fun adventures with the five-neutral animal friends: the dog's regi, the horse, Kelly cat, Gabby Rabbit and Easy. Friends end in situations where they face various challenges such as conflict resolution, stress management, fear and exclusion - everyone focuses on teaching children social and emotional intelligence in a fun way.
912 ::: Holiday Blues (????) ::: family ::: Williams spent for many years due to bitter and broken relationships. Martha, the oldest part of the four brothers and sisters are tired of the holiday blues, so he decided to bring his family together for Christmas. Williams must now face people who are now hurting them. Do Christmas make them to change their broken hearts and make humor, or will they allow to continue the "holiday blues"?
913 ::: Shulgan-Tash. Ysyn akiat (2014) ::: family ::: The boy is arguing with the boy, brother, who goes to a hundred steps to the depths of the famous Bashkir cave. The boys did not even admit what this dispute can be raised! In the ancient world, where Ural got, the treacherous Shulgan rule, who is the brother of Ural-Baitier with the same name. After passing serious tests, the Ural understands the real value of friendship and loyalty, revealing a mystery of rock painting on the walls of an ancient cave.
914 ::: Onneli ja Anneli (2014) ::: family ::: Jill and Joy will find money on the street and buy Mrs. Rosebud home. The house is customized to two little girls. Jill and Joy begin to enjoy the summer of their lives and introduce the two fairy neighboring ladies Tinglestine and Tanglestine.
915 ::: Rachna (1983) ::: family ::: The story is about Seth Bhawang Aandas, who leaving, leaving behind her wealth to her selfish, arrogant, without a mother Raj, who cares from her faithful governess, whom he calls Aunt. Raj is deeply angry with Maya, a beautiful wealth, looking for a dancing girl. Realizing this, Seth Bhagvanandas predicts in his will that Raj should marry within a month for any girl other than Maya. The girl she marries will equally share all the rights in business and property. By failing, all the property and wealth must be donated to ashram. Raj and his friends find a way to cheat, will. The answer was to marry a sick girl who was expected to die soon. So a poor girl was rated in an orphanage. Tulsi, a kind young man who supplies the main things to the orphanage, loves Round. Love he has never expressed. S Raj and his friends are planning their moves and encouraged to marry Raj. A helplessly fits in. Now Raj is waiting for Raika to die, but a rash, who is in love with Raj, denies even death. Raj is desperate and feels deceived. Caught in his own trap, he worsens things by breaking his leg. Rakhna documents the invalid Raj and now wants his wife, who begins to notice gradually. His plan to own her wife is abruptly upset by Aunt Mayas, who exposes his true character and motive for his marriage to a randy. S It hurts, realizing that her god had a leg of clay, a wicker, leaves Raj's aunt and servants also leave the house. Raj misses racked and wants his back, but will not swallow his pride.
916 ::: "Katie Morag" (2013) ::: family ::: Katie Morag is a spicy girl who lives with her family on the magical Scottish island of Struay. She is one of the great enthusiasts of life. Her determination and stubbornness (in Scotland she would be described as 'Thrawn'), sometimes land her in considerable problems, but also helps her find a way out of her difficulties. She can be stormy and resounding, and she can be charming and helpful. She is energetic, one of the doers of life. As a sister she has her shortcomings, but like most sisters, her good points weighs bigger than the bad. Katie Morag has a great generosity of spirit. There are times when it fades, and others when it can be focused wrong. But her family and neighbors were generally fond of her; And in general she loves them.
917 ::: The Windwater Pack: Homebound Drifters (????) ::: family ::: Rugger is nothing special. He is his litter, "baby" and his littermates - especially his only sister - don't let him forget. It is only worse when they do not have their litter-coalitions to provide a buffer between him and the crow Bully Layala. Winter challenges help him find his feet, but his new character as a Big Brother gives him a lot of self-worth. He cultivates close bonds with his little siblings, surprisingly surprisingly with the brother who shares the average streak of rhythms. When the Sian's opponent begins to turn around the packed daughter, Ruggarh has to move his insecurity to keep his family out of tearing forever.
918 ::: Family Katta (2016) ::: family ::: The Kata Family is the story of a split family, led by Bhai and Malati, a couple celebrating their anniversary of the golden anniversary wedding. Their children and grandchildren are located in different cities and over time the family has lost connection due to unresolved problems from the past. However, the grandchildren, ie. The two young cousins ​​are still close. Malati's intention is to gather the whole family for the anniversary holiday so that they can bury their differences and forgive each other and be close again. It is also intended to be an opportunity for Patriarch Bhai to forgive his daughter Manju, who has gone out on her college days. However, things do not go according to plan and Malati's dream of seeing the family gathering as the old times is heavily tested to the limit. The film sends a positive message to families who restrain and love each other, despite the weight of the past and the demands of the changing world.
919 ::: Flip's Twisted World (2010) ::: family ::: Flip's Twisted World is a platform video game that published Mazesco Entertainment and developed by frozen northern structures. The game was originally announced at the Electronic Entertainment Expo in June 2009 and will be released in June 2010, especially for Wii. This game follows the apprentice of the wizard named Flip, who comes into a unique universe inside the banned magic book. Flip and his cube mate should go through the multiple worlds inside the universe, he go back from the book. Flip's twisted world offers a unique game play experience, as the player can use the world to rotate the world at a will. The floors turn into ceilings and walls, create new ways and allows the player to turn creatively on all available surfaces. As the flip goes through the world, he gets new weapons and abilities, most of which are more useful in battle. There are plenty of side searches, collections and NPCs to make the flip's travel more fun. Flip's twisted world is aimed at the core platforming audience that enjoys a good challenge, and 3D visuals are colorful and convenient for a child. The gameplay is very clear and is suitable for all ages, there are five different unique worlds to explore. The game includes Tommy Tallarico Scoring and Anthony Stewart Head Voice Talent The Nerator. This game follows the apprentice of the wizard named Flip, who comes to the banned magic book. Flip and his cube mate should go through multiple worlds inside the universe and collect chapter stones to return home where he belongs.
920 ::: "Romper Room III" (1964) ::: family ::: Romper Room was a preschool children's program created by Bert and Nancy Claster in the United States, which they then franchise in more than 25 countries, including Australia, Brazil, Canada, Gibraltar, Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia , Mexico, New Zealand, Norway, Puerto Rico, Spain, Switzerland, Taiwan, Venezuela and the United Kingdom (including England, Northern Ireland and Scotland).
921 ::: That One Summer (2005) ::: family ::: Otis Garner was in his fifties when he went out on his wife and children. Thirty years later, in a bitter reunion combination with his son Ted, Otis listens to a story about a particular summer, Ted is struggling with his own breaking point. A prestigious flashback shows that his own youngest son Mike and his friend, Mike and his friend, who wanted to spend some of the summer movies for Andy for his friend Andy, showed that he was forced to devote time for his friend Andy. Finally absorb the importance of participation, Ted gives and helps children create a very unique picture based on the classic Native American Legend the Sleeping Bear. The colorful tugbot captain, a pets person, receives Ted help from some unusual characters, including Native American narrator and others. Together they help the boys with their image, and along the way, show the true meaning of friendship.
922 ::: Subhmangal Savadhan (2006) ::: family ::: Yash and Supriya are love and want to get married soon. Yash is the son of Jayant and Komal from a rich business family living in modern culture. While Supriya is the daughter of Annasaheb Patil the head of a village who is raised by her father and her aunt Najuka after her mother's death lives in the culture of the village. Komal is a modern woman and hates the culture of the village while Annasaheb and Najuka stick to their roots of the village culture. Both families are not willing to cast their ego that creates a disagreement between the newly married YASH and the superiy. Shubh Mangal Savdhan unfolds a story of a rich farmer, PrataPrao Patil (Ashok Saraf) and his daughter, Supriya (Urmila Kanetkar). Supriya, who lives in an urban city marries Yashodhan, Indian but culturally western. Their marriage not only concerns spouses but their families as well. When these two families cultivated prominent and identically opposite are the same way, a problem always arises. The film deals with the conflict of Western culture and the rich values ​​of Indian culture based in rural India.
923 ::: A Norman Rockwell Christmas Story (1995) ::: family ::: This movie brings paintings from the famous Norman Rockwell. Samuel Cavanau, a Scruz -like character, revisits the frozen pond every year to relive the happy moment of his life. Michael Grant is an unfortunate boy trying to skate and skate his father, who has been acting in Korea. As our story develops, their roads intersect several times. That heartwarming Christmas story
924 ::: The Fireboy (1994) ::: family ::: A boy in difficulty is reluctantly favored by a woman who works hard (Dobson). His fears seem well founded when the boy begins a fire. But his daughter, who initially wants it to the intruder, discovers that he may not be responsible for his problems after all. Will the growing sympathy of his foster family be enough to prevent fire from destroying them all?
925 ::: A Box of Faith (2015) ::: family ::: After her mother dies and her father is in prison for a crime she has not committed, 16-year-old Dior is forced to live on the street. D -Ja Ward, a social worker, makes his mission to follow the cunning teenager who manages to stay forward. Through their cat and mice play, they unexpectedly learn the meaning of love and acceptance.
926 ::: Fishtales (2007) ::: family ::: The film takes place on the Greek Island SP Fa Spits, where widows are going to lose their research grant studying the ancient Love Spells of Greek-history professor Thomas Bradley. He knows that he is close to a major academic progress and wants to continue his research. Thomas has been given the last chance to continue his work on the Greek island, at the house of Professor KLter, Professor OX Xford Don. His 12 -year -old daughter, affiliated by Serena, left for Thomas Greece Island, who is looking for the inspiration needed to fulfill its thesis. Serena knows that her father has to find love again after his wife's loss. Initially, Serena tries her hand on matchmaking with local women on the island, which is less than an awkward and clumsy Thomas. Serena neride meets the ancient souls in a very relevant way. However, Mary's Evil is present in the form of Captain Mawaro, who intends to kill an island fisherman Neride and get his paws on his invaluable gem-encrypted tail. Serena realizes that she finally found an ideal match for her father and sits for her father's ancient Greek love so that she falls in love. Eventually, Narride sacrifices his immortality to become a mortal human being, Joins Thomas and Serena back to OX Qsford where Thomas's thesis was found in victory.
927 ::: Teah (2007) ::: family ::: On the tenth anniversary of Martin's birthday, weird events in the ancient forest begins. Even a friendly chestnut tree looks worried. A couple of strangers come from town to live in Martin's house. Although Martin's only company has been interested for a long time, the new TEAH girl has nothing to do with because she is ruthlessly attacking her world. It seems that this is not enough, another disaster ambushes the horizon: the destructive symptoms that appear on the trees indicate the imminent construction of a highway right through the heart of the magic forest. Can an ancient trees be cut because of a new road? Magic and reality in the forest are inseparable. Is there a way to deal with reality and preserve magic? What Martin needs immediately is a real friend. They can fight for the survival of the forest. A great revelation is waiting for Martin on the road to the struggle: the source of magic is not in the forest but in the hearts of the people.
928 ::: Angels in the Snow (2015) ::: family ::: Montgomers-Roodes Charles and Judith and their three children, fifteen-year-old Alexander, fourteen-year-old Jennifer and 8-year-old Emily-transgress Christmas at Nova, Isolated, the most up-to-date Mountain Cabin built by Charles' development company in New York. Externally, Charles built it so they could spend time there to connect again as a family, but everyone knows that he really built it to support the business. They as a family have not been happy for a long time as the Workaholic Charles is always concerned that the company is close to folding, especially if it does not follow the questions while Judith feels as if treating their entire family as a second priority and related to the work and related them money and material wealth. They reach the cabin just before a big snowstorm hit the area. They get a surprising knock on their door from Tuckers - parents Joe and Amy, and their two children, fifteen -year -old slaves and fourteen -year -old Lucy - who escaped the road to their van on their way to a ski trip, who need shelter until the storm bursts. Unlike Montgomerys, Tuckers are a loving, happy family that is supported as a family unit. Montgomers and Tuckers connect during their limited time together, but the pure presence of Tukers may not be sufficient in itself to demonstrate to Montgomers what he has to do to prevent his family from collapsing.
929 ::: "Lilliput" (2005) ::: family ::: Lilliput is an original and educational program that targets children, but also suitable for adults. In each program, we explore a country from the child's point of view. Consequently, each program includes myths and stories related to the country that has been discussed, as well as the features and exclusive interviews and many other surprises ...
930 ::: Grace of the Father (2015) ::: family ::: Luke Mackenzie suffers the loss of his wife Kelley, who is killed on a Slick County Road during a car accident during a winter snow storm. The life of Mackenzie is turned upside down within a few days. The family travels to the small town in Central Florida in Mound City to the funeral and Lukas, which are only comforted by the material happiness of an insurance settlement, decides to stay in Florida and found their own Horse Ranch. With most of the remaining insurance allowance, he buys a dilapidated 40 hectare former horse farm and gets in to rebuild the farm and breed horses again. On the eve of the 18th birthday of the twins, Jacob announced that he is leaving and demands his share of her mother's insurance. Luke agrees and gives his son almost all of the remaining money. Jacob goes to Las Vegas to meet a friend to start a new life and a new business. In the meantime, with the help of his other two children and their beliefs that God will restore everything that will restore everything that will rebuild the ranch. The ranch will be very successful. Homeless and shortly before that to live on the street, Jacob is friends with a former lady of the night. She presents it in God's grace through a worn out old book entitled "Coming Home is easy". After reading it, he returns to his father's waiting arms he discovered was always with him. It took every ounce of faith that Lukas owned to stick together and believe her in God's promises.
931 ::: Naughty Kids: Operation New Year (2012) ::: family ::: The world's most restless and mischievous, and his parents and brother are going to visit the New Year's journey, but the travel agency arranged for another nuisance parents, which is the eve of its new year and the new year Archaeologists give leave to Dada instead of travel.
932 ::: Bruno & Boots: This Can't Be Happening at Macdonald Hall (2017) ::: family ::: The sturgeon's supervisor had enough. In an attempt to end Bruno and long boots, he said they were separated. No shared class and certainly no bedroom. This punishment is worse than anything that the boys could imagine. However, if Bruno and boots can alienate any boy in the 3rd dormitory, sturgeon will have to re -unite them. The project is almost successful, but one mistake forces girls from the Scrimmmage Academy to train and wake up to move to the McDonald's hall and leave Bruno and start the boot from there.
933 ::: "Nanna's Cottage" (2006) ::: family ::: World Travelers and Hurdles "Nannaon gives to children and their friends about the world, and the search for the house of Nanna. Every event is full of light, sports, sports, music, practical teaching and small magic.
934 ::: "Seriously Funny Kids" (2011) ::: family ::: Host Heidi Klum throws an anger crisis when an 8 -year -old child tells her that she is on the list of "best dressed", Bijan shares her money secrets, Heidi obtains comedy material from children of the 'Children's hospital and never previously seen images of images from sequences according to images from the sequence before from sequences from the sequence previously from sequences of the sequence previously from sequences of FIQ SFK.
935 ::: Subhmangal Savadhan (2006) ::: family ::: Yash and Supriya are in love and want to get married soon. Aunt Najuka lives in the village culture after the death of his mother. Komal is a modern woman and hates the village culture, while Annasaheb and Najuka cling to their roots of the village culture. Two families are not ready to shed their ego, which causes misunderstandings between newly married Yash and Supriya. Shubh Mangal Sawdhan revealed the story of a rich farmer, Pratapro Patil (Ashok Saraf) and his daughter, Supriya (Urmila Kanetkar). Supriya, who lives in an urban city, married Yashdhan, Indian but culturally Western. Their marriage is worried not only about spouse but also their families. When these two major and equally opposite cultured families stand in the same way, there is always a problem. The film is related to the struggle of Western culture and the rich values ​​of Indian culture inherent in rural India.
936 ::: "Peppy Pals" (2017) ::: family ::: In a total of 16 short episodes, children have to go to fun adventures with five gender neutral animals: Reggy The Dog, Sammy The Horse, Kelly Cat, Gabby Rabbit and IZZY The Owl. Friends end up in situations when they face different challenges such as resolving conflicts, managing stress, fear and exclusion - everyone focusing on teaching children social and emotional intelligence in a fun way.
937 ::: Mozhe bi fregata (1980) ::: family ::: The main strength in this story is the children - the group of naughty girls and boys who can play all the time. They find an ancient amphora at the bottom of the sea. Since there is an amphora, there must be frigate. There is a mysterious cave where the captain goes empty -handed and comes out with full packaging. This is how the search begins. Children and adults are passionate about it. Instead of frigate, they find the truth: "We don't have to have fun."
938 ::: Little Sister (2007) ::: family ::: After the most enjoyable morning of feeding the baby's animals on her family farm, four-year-old Cora Davis sleeps as she waits for her brother and sister to return home from school. During her bed, she sits with one baby one after another wandering away from the safety of their families. Cora is worried about this and decides to help each of the lost babies find their way home. As dreams come sometime, Cora has no luck to find the mothers of these young people, and when looking for help, realize that her mother is missing. These surprising problems will soon be resolved with the help of a neighboring woman kindly, but enchanted. When Cora wakes from her disturbing dream she is grateful to be surrounded by her brother and sister in a perfectly beautiful tea part prepared by her own mother.
939 ::: Onnum Onnum Moonnu (2015) ::: family ::: Onnum on the backdrop of Alappuzha picture the scenic beauty of Alappuzha and Kutanadu. "Onnum moon" hilariously recounts Alexander's UPS that comes to enjoy the beauty of Alappuzha. Autorickshaw driver and hotel manager try to deceive Alexander and the resulting events are presented in a "Onnum Moonu". Riyaz, who played a remarkable role in 'Flat No. 4 B', plays the role of Alexander. Amir Niyaz, Abhishek, Surya Sarkar, Arun, M R Gopakumar, Irshad, and Sathar also include the cast. "Onnum Moonu" is directed by Abhilash SB and the film is written by Fais Umer. The cinematography is from Santhosh K Lal and music by Muralee Krishna and Shibu Joseph with lyrics from Filipose Thathampally and Santhosh Kodanadu.
940 ::: Land and Sea with American History (2009) ::: family ::: Take the Macster boat with Mac and McPuppets! In this second series for children in the learning tree, along with Mac and his friends of his McPuppet, we travel to places such as our parliamentary hall, Fort Machenley National Park, Baltimoah Harbor Monument. Bring a child on an incredibly fun and attractive boat journey in the history of Williamsberg James Town. Mac and his McPuppet friends bring the pleasure of learning from all children and children!
941 ::: The Boathouse Detectives (2010) ::: family ::: The discovery of Bathooon findings "the Batters of Bathooon Finding" Dates, False Leading, False Lead, False Lead, False Preference, and the whole family will enjoy .
942 ::: Babies First Words Bonus Edition (2016) ::: family ::: Babies First Word Word Bond Edition. Two educational videos in one. First words and 100 first animal words. These two videos are popular with parents and teachers. This video can also be used to help older children to master the words of sight, which will help them become more confident readers.
943 ::: The Legend of the Mountain Man (2008) ::: family ::: The Legend of the Mountain Man is a family-friendly story that enjoys audiences of all ages in the American sign language. The Legend of the Mountain Man, set up in the lovely Montana, has a five distinctive and dysfunctional family. The father, who has disagreed with his parents for many years, decides to send his three children to his parents' ranch in the summer. Children face a creature in a way that does not unexpected, which has never been seen or recorded in history books. The audience comes on a heartfelt journey while navigating the family past with the children and trying to reconsider the separated family.
944 ::: "Urmel aus dem Eis" (1969) ::: family ::: Strange things are happening on the lonely island. A fun and absent minder named Habacuk Tibatong has founded a school to teach animals to speak. For example, the Pig-Lay Wutz, the penguin ping and the Wawa monitor. Unfortunately, everyone has a Speeach defect. Someday an iceberg arrives on the island with a frozen egg ...
945 ::: The Legend of Catclaws Mountain (2017) ::: family ::: This is a mysterious story about a young girl named Mini and her fascinating journey to find her lost pony. But this is not just a pony. This pony is said to have the magic power of Cat Close Mountain to hidden treasures. With this brave adventure, Mindy and her ragged friends clarify the hidden secrets that change their lives forever.
946 ::: Burabo miyuujikku (2001) ::: family ::: As the talented but silent director of the Bravo Takt Youth Orchestra, you must save the concert hall of the destruction. With their driving skills, you must impress the people of Bravo Town with their classic musical performance. Help with the help of a mysterious fairy symphony, this is your only opportunity to make the people of Bravo Town classical music. Along with this, you will recruit several characters from their performance to join you with your music until you reach the concert hall for the final confrontation of the joy of classical music. You will succeed?
947 ::: Bandh (????) ::: family ::: Bandh is a Bengali film presentation that leads to the audience through an emotional roller coaster. The trip begins on a particular day, which is an unofficial vacation due to a bandh called due to political reasons. The film portrays a mixture of three parallel stories; that of Dr. Ankan Ganguly, Ritesh and Abhimanyu. The film is more about people, their way of life, their opinion and their impression on current socioconomic conditions. Bandh contemplates how people really react very differently to the constant political uprisings in the form of "bandh", it is said that: a Bengali can prepare a cyclone in their cup of Adda tea. This film presentation is a creative revelation of it. Bandh is not only a movie that shows only political Bandh, it stops more in the mental blocks, psychological blockages of today's boiler. However, although this sensitive aspect has been taken into account, there has been care to show a balanced perspective of life, both the good and evil side of a human psyche has tried to appear to the viewer optimized for ice The most realism and connectable stories to the taste of the viewer. Dr. Ankan Ganguly loves the idea of ​​criticizing Bandh and his way of protesting Bandh is not doing any work and taking the day off! However, this bandh changes it: Forever! Ritesh, a young professional is always under mental pressure in his office and at home serves the demands constantly increasing his mother, family and wife. By nature, like a soft person, he cannot protest and Ritesh himself goes through an agonizing life with sympathy for any. But, this bandh comes as a blessing disguised for him when in a single revelation changes his life. Abhimanyu is an intelligent professional who always wants more from life. This bandh says you get what you want.
948 ::: "Chat Boume" (1990) ::: family ::: There are four of them. Four wonderful alley cats with different characters, tastes and interests: bold one, the other brain, the third is sensory and the last, shy. Two small mice resided in nearby garages and sometimes participating in the adventures of the alley. This series is designed on three important aspects of childhood: the stadium, a group of friends and familiar games. The nature of cats allows children between the ages of five years to nine of their identification and are associated with them, while remaining able to stay themselves and separate reality from imagination. A series of ages from 5 to 9.
949 ::: Mukunda (2014) ::: family ::: Mukunda (English: Krishna) is a 2014 Telugu movie written and directed by Srikanth Addala. The film was produced by the great tagore and Nallamapu srinivas (farmer) under the banner Leo Productions. It contains the HEGDE POJA in the lead roles, the first to make its debut in Telugu cinema. Rao Ramesh, Prakash Raj and Nassar were seen in other leading roles. V. Manicandan was the director of film photography. Mickey J Meyer composed the sound of the film's sound and the background result. Marthand K. Venkish edited the film. Production began on February 27, 2014 in Hyderabad. The main photo began on March 24, 2014 in Cochin and was completed on December 16, 2014 in Hyderabad. The film was originally titled as Gollabhama. In addition to Hyderabad, the film was mainly shot in Andhra Pradesh in places like Rajahmundry, Bhimavaram, Amalapuram, etc., while parts of the Film were shot in Cochin and Aleppey in Kerala and Kanyakumari, Pollachi in Tamil Nadu. The film was released all over the world on December 24, 2014 in critical worthy estimates.
950 ::: Sisters of the Groom (2016) ::: family ::: The movie starts with a home part of Sarah, getting a noise complaint from the neighbor's neighbor. It is a culinary cultural list that makes a dissertation on the culture of food. While in town, she helps her sister catering business with a proposal for a future client. The sister is delayed from problems with the vehicle and she has to do the interview herself, and here, here, the complainant of the noise is the one who executes the interview. Trying to save the opportunity, she made a deal with Jason, who must jump on her sisters' weapons with matches, agreeing to be his brother's wedding date. This will allow her to pass on her food to her father, who owns a spa line and resorts that would provide good catering contracts. She does not count on how much he falls in love with his family. Jason also deals with the fact that he does not want to be in the family business because his passion is gardening and landscaping and designing gardens. At the same time, Molly Davis was rescued from the collapse of the van by her ex -boyfriend Ben, who is also an establishment. They split due to creative differences, but he has a plan to win her back. He has a job he needs her help. Everyone in the family seems to have their own program, but in the end they all put the needs of the other first. It's a charming story and it's definitely worth a look. In order to avoid his matches, which sisters pair him with his ex -wedding, Jason invites the perspective on the steak to pretend to be his meeting so that his father can hire her and her sisters to take care of the sisters. But they both have problems remembering this to pretend.
951 ::: Tales from the Land of Gullah (1998) ::: family ::: Ghel found Africa - American Culture and South Cause. Master's story story, teaching and acting (footer gumpers, my men went wrong. Her Reaction Beans in the PBS in this visitor program
952 ::: Pop Pirates (1984) ::: family ::: An adventure movie with original Reggae / Ska Music. Enter pirates, schoolchildren, a competition of talents, everything is getting well, but with others, leading singer Paul's brother's video with a piracy. Most drags, like beating, like beating at speed.
953 ::: An Easter Bunny Puppy (2013) ::: family ::: A mysterious writer is not happy if she is assigned to write a children's book, "An Easter Bunny Puppy." Out of ideas, she asks her daughter for help. In the meantime, her dog, Russ, the storyteller of the story, digs a priceless Faberge -egg in the forest and takes it home, not knowing that he leaves a thief who stole the egg.
954 ::: Der Streit um des Esels Schatten (1990) ::: family ::: The philosopher said that a toothpaste, therefore a dentist from the old Testri's at the ancient Aterder. Goes, he fights with driver. The turmoil lasts to make all the ADAPA makes a fool. Only when the city was in seconds to get into civil war, a technician showing a gift to a gift to live by the community.
955 ::: Prom Dress (????) ::: family ::: The beautiful vintage dress that the young dancers Robin finds in her mysterious attic of the employer does not appear deadly; It looks perfect for Prom. What Robin does not know is that the dress has a horrifying secret that will attract other girls no doubt in terrible nightmare that never forget. Based on the Ya romance by Lael Littke.
956 ::: Detza igrayat van (1973) ::: family ::: Three objective stories. The first is "Mother, Father and I". Adults have it difficult to answer the child's questions. Yolian believes that his parents are arguing. He cannot explain how his father left the house, because his shirt and his bed are there. Parents are sent to his grandfather in the village. The child has a lot of fun, and there are animals - pig, cock, Turkey, playing all day. Grandfather dies. When Julian goes home, he is lost. Her mother is offset by mistake and embraces crying. The second novel is "School". Three Yulian, Rumen and Hristo friends use small ceramic tiles for the marble game. Where do you find them? In the near construction site there are many tiles of type. They break the mosaic. Their parents are punished and in their school. The third novel is "Laila". On the seashore, Julian plays with Laila. He gets a shell, and gives it to the girl. The next morning, the lily family leaves. This does not matter to my parents, but he is very sad, because he finds coincidences on a chair. It is the first sad time in a strange way, and it is something that he had not felt before.
957 ::: Future Girls: Adventures in Marine Biology (2006) ::: family ::: The whole "you can be a woman ..." Series focuses on encouraging girls to find science and exploration to find science and exploration, hopefully to consider scientific career options. Based on the book "You Key Ken Bee A Women Merine Biologist" written by "Future Girls - Adventures In Marine Biology", Florence McAllari and Judith Love Cohen. In "Future Girls-Adventures In Marine Biology", two young women are biologist while Rachel and Lisa are doing their science homework. Also, girls learn about the sea and its many sea creatures through 3D animation, live action and excellent documentary footage.
958 ::: Dog-On Television (2004) ::: family ::: 60 minutes non-stop action, dogs barking, playing and ball. Everyone is shot from a dog's point of view and you have decided to constantly loop from time to time until you come home. Quite simply, it's a partner for your best friend when you're away!
959 ::: "Marlo and the Magic Movie Machine" (1977) ::: family ::: Marlow Higgens is a computer specialist in the sub-business off by its windicative boss. However, his life is alive after hours because every closed time means that he enters the secret room with a secretly intelligent computer built by a magic movie machine. Together, Marlow and his machine mainly around and jokes about various topics with a large collection of video files of various archivals footage.
960 ::: Bettada Jeeva (2011) ::: family ::: Those were the days when the struggle for Indian freedom against British dominance had gained impulse. The young Shivaramu goes from place to the place of construction on the fight, obviously avoiding the scrutiny of the police. On one of those occasions, he loses his way in the mountainous field and the thick forest. Local people take him to Gopalaia's house in Kelabailu to spend that night. In deference to love allegations, it remains in a few days. His exposure to several facets of life in these few days develops a completely new world in front of him. Beautiful minds of people living in hills and forests; His innocence - Hospitality - Native Wisdom - Rituals - Culture; his life in harmony with nature; Simple life of Gopaalaiah and his wife Shankari; their concerns and concerns about the people around them; The history of the success of the Adventure spirit of Gopalaia in the development of a beautiful Kaatumoole farm in that same forest area even in the face of the challenges launched by nature; Gopalaia's enthusiasm for life even in her old age; Shankari's constant desire to see his only son Shambu living far from them for a long time; Gopalaia's injured feelings for the same reason; The way in which several characters open in front of Shivaramu about Shambu, each with their own work, apprehensions, sense of guilt that leads each one to introspection; - All these provide a new awareness to Shivaramu and help him understand the true meaning of life and life. This Betada Jeeva film is an attempt to capture these complex problems that strengthen the ties of human relations.
961 ::: Molly Pickens and the Rainy Day Castle (2009) ::: family ::: When the depth box moves the young Molly used to carry with the final hope for the falling land. The note box knows that it is the only love of the rain, the ruler of the opposite of pleasure and not just the world moolly.
962 ::: "Lilliput" (2005) ::: family ::: Lillyte - Original and educational program aimed at children, as well as adults are also suitable for adults. In each program, we studied the country according to the child's point of view. Thus, each program has legends and stories about the country, as well as special features and interviews and many other surprises ...
963 ::: Kattbreven (2001) ::: family ::: 13 -year -old Sophie moves from the big city to the countryside with her mother and her mother's friend, while all her friends returned to the city. In the new place, Sophie meets a wise old woman, telling her frightening stories about the puzzles that have not been resolved from the village.
964 ::: Up All Night (2015/I) ::: family ::: A road trip with your best friends - the ultimate way to spend your holidays! Bobby, Shannon and the gang certainly thought that when they went on an adventure of their lives. But if your truck collapses in the middle of the night, in the middle of nowhere without a telephone signal, you have no other choice, just to look for refuge in a creepy old villa. Greeted to spend the night of the brother and the sister who live alone in the old house - very strange things start to see! Since the local police officers do not want to help and are just as strange as the band's brother and sister hosts of the band turn into the vertebral storm of spooks and crazy mysterious stories. This funny teen chaper comes from the hit TV show "Friday Download" with the cast of the show together with the comedian David Mitchell, Tyger Drew-Honey, Dionne Bromfield and guest appearances from Pop-Group The Vamps and Duo Bars & Melody.
965 ::: "A Gurls Wurld" (2010) ::: family ::: Plans for a day on the beach of Eli, Jackie and Emmana turn into a disaster when Eli's brother Damon plays with his phone and accidentally leaned himself in a chat room. The girls are afraid to know that their secret has been found. Girls somehow manage Damon to assure that what he experienced was the latest in the virtual reality, computer game. But when he accepts his story, he is desperate to go a second time to play this game. So as soon as Eli's back turns, Damon steals his phone and - to make things worse - invites his friends to show what he has found. Girls know they have a plan and need to run for perfection. What they have to do is the idea of ​​one!
966 ::: Ammuvagiya Naan (2007) ::: family ::: Life is an evil cycle ... an inevitable belief ... Roped with fate ... with coloring of emotions, drama, compassion, love, intensity, friendship ... and weakness, that Esches and deeply based on the word "Life “, which is very brutal ever. But we all believe that life can dance and take a big "u" turning turn. This is skillfully described in the production of Rufus Parker's house "Ammuvagiya naan" aka "I'm ammu", a movie for a young woman grown up in a brothel, which, despite being excited, must learn to live in a normal society when a determined writer marries her
967 ::: Tales from the Land of Gullah (1998) ::: family ::: Gulla is the origin of African-American culture and South Carolina is its home. The stories of this grand program bring insight into the history of our people, Master Storytellor, Educator and Actress (Forest Gump, my man did me wrong). In this enchanting program, there are Prati stars in the form of her prestigious aunt Pari-Su who will bring laughter and tears. Saw on PBS
968 ::: "My Animal Friends 3: Underwater Mission" (2015) ::: family ::: Twenty -six amazing underwater stories about children expected and broadcast by Sara and Max and their indivisible friendly submarines, Emma "The Sea Turtle". Young viewers will be drawn to these wonderful adventures at sea, in which stunning images reveal hidden worlds of action and beauty. We meet all the favorite sea creatures and explore their diluted water houses.
969 ::: Power Rangers Time Force: Photo Finish (2001) ::: family ::: When the rangers visit the set of an action film, a Stuntman is injured and Wes (Red Ranger) voluntarily reports. But the Rangers soon discover that they are the unwilling stars of a reality film entitled "The End of the Rangers". . The director turns into Cinecon, a mutant that transports the teenagers into different film scenes, each filled with life -threatening dangers and challenges ... and a script that requires their death. Is that the last curtain for the Rangers ... or will you survive fame and happiness in Tinseltown? Mitch, a young photographer for the local newspaper, is making Katie (Yellow Ranger) to help him reveal the identity of the Power Rangers with a big task. When the mutated Artillicon attacks the Rangers, Mitch and Katie go to take photos, but Katie sneaks off to help her friends. In combat, she and the Rangers are demorphic and Mitch captures in the film. She asks him not to publish the photos, but he can't afford to lose his job. The mutant grows and attacks again. Can the weakened Rangers defeat Artillicon? And if you survive, will you be exposed to Mitch?
970 ::: "Barrio Sésamo" (1979) ::: family ::: In Spain, it wasn't just broadcasting the original "Sesame Street" before broadcasting. They combined it with a new material made in Spain. "Barrio Sesamo" combines the original episode of Spanish and the "Sesame Street" video sprayed on Spanish. This program has passed three times. During the first period from 1979 to 1980, Caponata, the name of Big Bird in Spain, lives in a way that all neighbors live happily. Perezgil is a friend of Caponata. In the second phase of 1983 to 1987, Espinete, the most successful in Spain, is a large pink hedge hog with many friends on the street where he lives. His best friend is Don Pingpom. In the third phase, the latest period began around 1995, but I do not know the exact year that ended. Here Blucky is a new main character, and the single episode format for the previous two periods is changed by short sketches combined with the sesame street video. It did not reach the same success as the espination period.
971 ::: Police Lines Ek Purna Satya (2016) ::: family ::: Bala stayed in the police colony about 20 to 25 years back as his father and brother worked in the Police Force. He returns from the outside after many years and thinks in the days he spent there and sees that nothing has changed over the years that it is likely to change keep home many young stars have to take this career or not but the Their problems start here.
972 ::: Strange Companions (1983) ::: family ::: It's about the second heroin boy and a man who is a pilot at the end of his rope that's the migration of animal migration is a student. The boy was shot in a plane and while the man had mechanical problems in the remote area of ​​Canada. After garbage after falling
973 ::: Texas Rein (2016) ::: family ::: Texas Rin is an American story that explores family dynamics when a prodigal daughter returns home. Cassie Roberts, a former Queen of Rodeo turned into a single mother, has been fleeing from her past and a long trace of bad decisions until she receives an urgent call to return home for her sick father, Marvin. Cassie plans to stay alone enough to help her father stand up. But when she sees Splash, the prize of her winning father of the horse, her plans change. Cassie wants to see Splash compete in international equestrian games and wants the best coach in East Texas to make it possible. But when Cassie meets Chase Eversoll, a beautiful "cowboy" horse coach, gets more than he negotiated. As his work becomes personal, Chase challenges Cassie to release his past and reminds him that reconciliation begins with forgiveness. Texas Rein celebrates the gift of the family and the hope of the second opportunities.
974 ::: The Mind's Treasure Chest (1989) ::: family ::: The Treasure of the Spirit chest features Patrick Heupal in the role of Jack Patterson, a student from an intelligent and funny high school who one day has to prepare a speech to become president of the student council. He embarks on a fun, hilarious and often dramatic adventure that will undoubtedly satisfy viewers.
975 ::: Barney: Clean Up, Clean Up! (2012) ::: family ::: Cleaning has never been so fun! Barney shows her friends time for a teenager while painting a kabus, washing windows, taking bed and putting on toys! BJ and Baby Bop show all the fun ways to clean the park when its garbage - a robot to collect garbage - malfunctions.
976 ::: "The Bible Boat" (2005) ::: family ::: In this voyage, a classmate convinces Daniel Duck to believe that doing good deeds will win him "Heavenly Points". When Captain Jay shares the good news about the Gospel with him, Daniel resists at the beginning, convinced that he must make his way to heaven. In the meantime, Albi is buying an expensive, old Ebay sea crate. Thinking that she must be full of pirate's treasure, she spends the journey trying to open it through cheerful explosive means. In fact, the longer it is necessary to open, the greater the imaginary riches inside it! Of course, in the end, it is reminded of where we have to store our treasure when it finally opens the thing and looks inside. After attaching himself to the Department of Good Deeds, Daniel eventually realizes that the gospel is a free gift and prayed to accept Christ. In fact, he continues to share the good news with others!
977 ::: The Footloose Goose (1975) ::: family ::: A goose on the gable trout farm takes on a wild look for his companion. But when he is destroyed in a storm, then winged, he will have to return to her on foot, passed by predators and customs. Meanwhile, trout farmers are concerned about their goose who raises a brood by herself and a pretty young woman who comes to steal fish.
978 ::: Misutâ Dorirâ (2000) ::: family ::: In 2000, on a calm day in Tokyo, mysterious blocks of different colors begin to get out of the ground. No one knows how they came. Pepplexed and bored by this bizarre event, the Tokyoites call Susumu Hori, alias "Mr. Driller", a young driller and block-business, to deeply dig underground to discover the cause of the mysterious blocks. Susumu will do it ... or will he fail?
979 ::: Chandralekha (1998) ::: family ::: Sitha Ram Rao leads to an unrest economic life until its world is a side -by -side of a beautiful moon. When the moon's parents show in the hospital and find their daughter in a coma, Sitha is mistaken for her groom. But in a cruel turn, the moon is in a vigil coma, which allows it to hear and see everything. When she wakes up and everyone knows that Sitha is not her husband?
980 ::: Baby Geniuses and the Treasures of Egypt (2014) ::: family ::: Big Baby and her father are loose again and this time they take the treasure from the world that are associated with elements of the universe such as RA statue (representation of the Sun) and other objects that will allow them to travel in space. The young baby genius team is on their way to recover criminals and return items. Once again these talkative children are full of knowledge of the agent universe and are more than the FBI. Although most adults cannot understand these adorable tots, there are some that can help the child's squad analyze the information that children get to help solve crimes.
981 ::: Adventures of Bailey: The Lost Puppy (2010) ::: family ::: Bailey, an adorable golden retriever puppy, moving forward! On the road trip to his new home, his family stops one and accidentally leaves Bailey behind. This mischievous and playful puppy goes out to find his family and stumbles in "Shaarkrosa" in a foreign wildlife farm. In the field, belly is found and befriends a classification of animals, with kangaroo, camel, a beerkat, a baby tiger, and "Pak," The Sheepdog was assigned with "Shaarkrosa". Will Bailey ever see her family again? Or he "will leave to work in the ranch until cows do not come home?"
982 ::: Lucky Dog (2014) ::: family ::: Lucky Dog is a paw and fun live action movie for the whole family! Lucky owner Travis (Bryce Johnson, "Pretty Little Lyers") is a divorced father, who is dedicated to his great children, his attractive architectural job, and all his dogs and best friend, Lucky (David Dilleus). In this small family it seems to be all that seems until Travis Amber (Body Bliss, "CSI: Miami") begins dating a fellow architect. Normally a woman chases her master dates to keep everything equally lucky. But this time Lucky has been blinded by puppy love for Amber's dog, Amy ("So you think you dance" by Kate Daily). Lucky decided that girls need to live but things are rough when Travis and Amber designs participate in the contest and Amber often starts falling for the rich client's charms. Lucky and Amy is to get their families under one roof!
983 ::: "Giffoni Film Festival" (2007) ::: family ::: The GifFoni Film Festival was established in 1971 by Claudio Jupitusi for the promotion and development of cinema for children. The festival shape is formed in the form of jury, which consists entirely of children. Therefore, the choice of jury is in fact the choice of children. On his 1982 visit to the festival, François Trofoa praised his message as "among all festivals, Guevone is the most essential." 6 years ago, GFF has created a network of festivals in the world under the GifFoni World Alliance using the same coordination to promote films for children all over the planet. GifFoni Hollywood is a testimony for the success of this format. Robert De Niro, Oliver Stone, Maryil Strip, Jeremy Aerones, John Travolta, Wimet Winsers, Ben Kingsley, Cathy Bates, Christophe Kislovsky, Roman Bolanski, and Danny de Vito, are just a few stars who were guests at the festival in ITS 38 A year of activity. The full list practically includes the most important writers, actors/actors, directors and producers of Italian cinema in the past four decades.
984 ::: Lucky Dog (2014) ::: family ::: Lucky Dog is a pav and fun live action movie for the whole family! Lucky owner Travis (Bryce Johnson, "Pretty Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Little Father, For his great children, his exciting architectural job and his dog and the best friend Lucky (David Deluis voice). Travis Amber (Boti Bliss, "CSI: Miami") seems to have all these small family until they start dating. The same lucky to keep everything usually accompanies any woman in his master dates. But this time the dog of the lucky Amber (so you can dance "Cat Deali" Amy (voice). Lucky decided to be girls, but when the Travis and Amber design competed in the competition, things roughly rough Starts. Good luck and amy to bring their families under one roof!
985 ::: Olaf's Quest (2014) ::: family ::: OLAF at this time he has lost for a little girl who is doing his promise for a small girl as soon as the furnishings in the name of Ramsession Transferred by wing. His job is to be cleaned in the middle of his customers and friends and take advantage of the Elif, who helps to clear his name and in return.
986 ::: Gutrun Gutargun (2016) ::: family ::: This story belongs to the village where the houses have no toilets and there are two different laws for male and females that belongs to the villages. In such a situation Agraduation should be dealt with more problems, although solving her problems in the end and for her that he should Insulting an insulting the rule of its society. Humans. The feature of feature film is based on "Social Movie Title. This is the life of women living in the village in the village Embarrassed by the lack of bathrooms at home. To go to the public bathroom in the village. In the village is very easy to authenticate but the feature film with fun Was a job. It is a very clean fun and social film "you" from the above festivals "you" to "you" to the same private screenings and we have received this movie and we've got this movie Had received. I am very happy that our film has a comprehensive toward the social message (Muslims).
987 ::: An Easter Bunny Puppy (2013) ::: family ::: The author of mystery does not like that when he is employed to write the children's book, "Easter Bunny Puppy." From the ideas, he asks for help for her daughter. At the same time, her dog, Russia, rashes cheaper sides burying in the forest and home with him to stole the egg.
988 ::: Police Lines Ek Purna Satya (2016) ::: family ::: The children stayed in police colony for 20-25 years old, because his father and brother worked in police. He returned from abroad after many years, they think about the days they change and they think about the days they do not change and did not change anything. Save the house Many young stars do not want to take care of this career, but their problems start here.
989 ::: Tjorven och Mysak (1966) ::: family ::: Tjaven and the other children in Saltkrĺkan have received a match day in a gift. Uncel Melker will end up in the lake several times. The children have also found an old ship called Albertina. They divide into two pirate gangs and fight over the wishing stone MySak.
990 ::: Changing Hearts (2012) ::: family ::: The story of a modern Prodigal son starring Brian McNamar, Dafne Zuniga and Brad Johnson. James Reed, totally content with his current life, reluctantly family business, sick father and a brother with whom he always stayed in disagreement returns home. He should also learn to sacrifice for the one he loves - at the expense of his own dreams.
991 ::: Brush It Up! (2017) ::: family ::: Part of Safari, the Department of Part of Savefer, This Alax Surachfer ", Alex Surachfer", Alex Surachfer ", Alics Activity", A AlX SASSFIR, Alex STHAFIR, What to do good! Episode has Alex features in his home
992 ::: Patas Arriba (2011) ::: family ::: Renato knew his six-year-old granddaughter, his six-year-old grandson, respect for friendships and other people's views. Renato has three children; Montserrat, who cares for it, has an anita, his marriage, his son El Salvador. The girls decided to send him to the hospital against his will. However, with the help of carloths, his grandson will get rid of Venezuela and sailed to El Salvador and sailed from Venezilla in Brazil.
993 ::: Bhalwan Singh (2017) ::: family ::: Halvan horn to stand against the British Empire, but he is not sure how to do it. While he attempts hard, all his efforts are futile and even failed to impress his dreams. Slow, Behalvan Singh and his friend decided to take the things to their hands and kidnap the British architect. Soon, things in the very funny in the very funny falls in place for them and saw the shells that years for him.
994 ::: Detza igrayat van (1973) ::: family ::: A different newsletter. The first was "the mother, father, and my father". The elders have had time to answer the children's questions. Young Yulian sees in the parents. He could not explain how dad leave her home, since the night and the bed is. Parents' parent sent to Yulian and his grandfather in the village. The child has much fun, there are animals - true, inspiration, Turkey and it is playing every day. The kid died. When yulian went home, he was lost. Her mother meets suddenly and welcomed it. Not "the second is" school ". Two Yuulian, Rumen and Heres are nearly in the construction of a tile. They damage to the Spirit. Their parents suffered in their school suffering. The third "lily". He receives a great the t river, gives it the girl. The next morning, Lily's families, where she saw the river. Well, so sad that of the first and different types of people, something he has never seen before.
995 ::: Last Photo (2004) ::: family ::: Rebecca is a young movie student who makes a personal documentary. Her parents died while she was young and there is a family photo she has not to include Rebecca. Rebecca contacts psychic to find out more.
996 ::: Family Katta (2016) ::: family ::: "Katta" is the story of a splinter family, headed by Bahi and Malati, a couple celebrating the anniversary of their golden marriage. Their children and grandchildren are located in different cities, and with the passage of time the family lost touch due to the issues that have not been resolved from the past. However, the grandchildren, meaning that the two young cousins ​​are still close. Malati's intention to collect the entire family to celebrate the anniversary so that they can bury their differences and forgive each other and bring them closer. It is also supposed to be an opportunity for Patriarch Bey to tolerate their daughter Mango, who had won the days of her university studies. However, it does not go as planned and the dream of Malati by seeing the family meet like the old days is tested severely to the limit. The film sends a positive message about the families who adhere to each other and their love despite the burden of the past and the demands of a changing world.
997 ::: "What Do They Do in There?" (2008) ::: family ::: What are they doing there? It takes its title from a column with your hips and what happens, written by eleven -year -old Abby Brown and ten -year -old Ian Carter. Abi and Ian are investigative reporters for their Riverhead Mayak school newspaper. Always looking for businesses with strange, intriguing names, fun detective work of Ian and Abby strives to reveal what these businesses do. Notebooks in hand and ready for mischief, these two cunning fuses explore the captivating worlds of science, medicine, technology, production, aviation and fun ... PHEW! Just try to keep up with them! Or you can read their column. But clicking on the TV and following is much more successive!
998 ::: EcoQuest 1: The Search for Cetus (1991) ::: family ::: Adam Green is a young child who is dedicated to Ecology. Adam and his friend Delphinius dolphin underwent a water -bearing adventure, to find a great whale setus and clean up the kingdom of the rat's kingdom, and learn many interesting facts about environmental science, sea biology and environmental ethics.
999 ::: Holiday Blues (????) ::: family ::: The Village Family Numerous years have spent due to long-term and breaking relationships. Martha, the older of the older of the four syllables, the older of the holiday block is decided to bring the family together for Christmas. Williams family must now come forward to hurt it too much. Would Christmas will develop them to their broken hearts and allows them to get darkness of their past to continue "vacation blues"
1000 ::: "Food Crawl with Lee Anne Wong" (2013) ::: family ::: Lee Ann traveled New York to a noodles and dumplings. The arrival locations include: Pork and Hinging's House, Pork and Hinging House, Pork and Hingers, Prayzel Dumplings Brooklyn and Bown Ramen, Biáng! While bright noodles and fragrant dumplings, squirrels and fragrant dumplings in Yuji Ramen, Yuji Ramen's tissues are chicken, Williamsburg (beer tape) and short sesame noodles.
1001 ::: Heaven (????) ::: crime ::: Dan is a policeman that works of Glasgow roads. There is no life that is sent in the fabric covering in the external lap club of the dressing club to be a great deal of medicine. His secret mission goes well until he arrives in the owner and bring back to the club of this killing relationship.
1002 ::: "Schuld" (2015) ::: crime ::: In the last review, it comes down guilty, shades of the guilty of the guilty of guitarks waiting for a period of no thoughts or months. Rechenney Ledgey Friedrich Knonberg knows that he must treat the right sentence for the negative customer and what they might seem.
1003 ::: Lakeer Ka Fakeer (2013) ::: crime ::: The mixture (Ajaz Khan) dreams of becoming a taxi driver in Dubai. Chotu Mobile (Jadeed Hyder) wants to create his mobile store and is looking forward to Sulaiman (Vicky ahuja) to become a politician. However, their fate is determined by their controversial residential address instead of their desires. It is said that "your title" is sometimes speaking with a voice higher than you.
1004 ::: "Lawless" (2013) ::: crime ::: Jacob Reese Metrosity is a quiet, cool spy with the Police Department. His partner was killed in the fire line. Jacob will never work again with a partner. By the time his boss hands him over to a companion, Younis Lee. It is a little cracker that is ready to kick some donkey in the underworld of the crime of Matrosity. Can both meet together? First without killing each other?
1005 ::: Aliosa (1999) ::: crime ::: A new professional killer from the former Soviet Union, Aliosha, is assigned to perform a hit in Athens. He comes to Greece to kill Lampo but is accidentally arrested in a police road barrier. A Greek singer from Russia, Elena, is looking for her lost son. Although she saw Aliosha when she was leaving Lampo's office, when she was called to identify her, she covers her with her silence. Aliosha's patrons, afraid of being exposed, decide to eliminate him, while police constantly see him, as the head of the investigation never believed in his acquittal.
1006 ::: Holmes University 4: Origins of the Fall (2016) ::: crime ::: Sherlock Holmes and John Watson is a year in the chamber's dish. All that goes well with master detents and his necklace jane watson. Until the morbarte is to warn a charming about what. Take all personal cases in all personal cases that will risk with someone who loves, and put their most friendships. Will they be able to stop him?
1007 ::: Myshelovka (1990) ::: crime ::: A young couple Jills and Molly Ralstans host a boarding house 30 miles away from London. The opening of the organization falls on a heavy snowfall, so that the guests arriving here should be cut off from the world. On the radio, they report the murder of the former host of the farm, where the boy died of torture, but not all of them are careful. Suddenly, a policeman reached the boarding house on skiing, and reported that the murder would be done shortly.
1008 ::: "Chen mo" (2010) ::: crime ::: Ren Daxiang, Deputy Director of the Public Security Bureau of Criminal Investigation Division (PSB), Sue Ginan and Guan Wei, black sheep, have been confronted with Yuan Vanchun. They put a trap to kill Chen Junking and Gen Fenchen's brother and to take away their property. Lin In has been transferred to be the director of Fuchun City's Sub-Office Fu'an. At first he was deceived by Ren Daxiang. However, at first, when Lynn knows the truth, he makes a thorough plan and receives irrefutable evidence of their crimes, capturing the whole batch into action.
1009 ::: The Hollow Waltz (2015) ::: crime ::: In the corruption and greedy cities, there is a arrangement of characters that led the story through a corrupt New England city. Despite the weakness of luck, everyone is trying to survive for a few days. VEN, backstub, and wealth have a fun time with frog holo. It is evaluated as R of language and violent behavior.
1010 ::: Khote Sikkey (1998) ::: crime ::: Rohit and Vijay are two small criminals who are forged by police officers out of the truckers. Their wrong actions will make them difficult when the inspector Ajay Sina arrests them and puts them in a cell. This double prisoner escapes with the help of another prisoner and the police are hot on their heels. The prisoner is shot and killed, but before the call information for Underworld Don, Pukhraj mahadevan. The two calls and collaborates with him to steal a bank. Ajay witnesses the scorch in the escape car and immediately arrests him. However, WILY NUMBER Not only succeeds in "no sinner" in court, but can also be ashamed of Ajay's superiors and courts. Ajay now has to present an anti -stupid program to arrest the housing, but before he has to reign in the latest hires - that is, if they allow him !!
1011 ::: Der Tourist (1996) ::: crime ::: Lanz's police inspector has always been behind a serial killer hit during his vacation and would like to close him with the words "I hope you are here" on a postcard. When the killer appears in London, Lanz takes the chase, but before he can appear, the man falls until his death from the surface. The case is closed, Lanz goes on vacation to Vienna with his beautiful wife Karen, he does not know that someone is already waiting for him ...
1012 ::: Vykhod (2009) ::: crime ::: It was once a mathematical genius. He had a loving wife and a wealth of several million. Everything is in the past now, as well as his dreams, hopes and quiet life. He has spent 10 years of his life in prison. Now he has a single desire - to return what belongs to him and leave. But big money means big problems, everyone wants to break the bank-his ex-friend and ex-wife. No one can be trusted. There seems to be no way out ...
1013 ::: Nasty Habits (????) ::: crime ::: When the smuggler Frank Monagan is arrested and he goes to the lum, his two younger brothers are involved in his dangerous business so that he collects money to remove him from the law that he wants to live and a rival he wants him dead.
1014 ::: Le polygraphe (1996) ::: crime ::: The role of Lucy Champagne victim Mary-Claire was given in the film of real, unadtractive killings. Coincidentally, Lucy's neighboring Francois, a boyfriend of Mary-Claire. He is not aware of his own innocence despite the accused and his previous girlfriend Claude in a continuous investigation. Francois's polygraph (Lie Detector) test proves that the test is irrelevant and is complete with its own ideas on who killed Lucy's Mary-Clayer while he was waiting for his second exam.
1015 ::: Essex Boys Retribution (2013) ::: crime ::: When the three infamous killers of the country were shot dead in a deserted field, a criminal empire was overthrown late one night and the legend of the infamous Range Rover was born. Twenty years later, new faces top Gangleland, England, but with the infamous killer who has never been caught, there are those who have not forgotten and do not rest until justice. Epic revenge that causes local crime families and police force to shake their core. Their names will never be known, but their actions shocked a nation.
1016 ::: Swamy Ra Ra (2013) ::: crime ::: A precious idol was stolen from the temple and finally selling the hero of the bunch of the bunch of a girlfriend and suddenly sells his girlfriend with his girlfriend and with her girlfriend Suddenly sells him to his girlfriend and suddenly sells his girlfriend with his girlfriend with his girlfriend with his girlfriend and unexpectedly helps his child Change in the story is lied to a story to take the idol and girl to get
1017 ::: The Prez (????) ::: crime ::: A young boy from the western outskirts of Sydney becomes one of Australia's first and most infamous motorcycle clubs. Drug production and imports, sex, battle with competing gangs, police corruption, families and business policies in the gang from the late 1960s to 1985.
1018 ::: Broadway After Midnight (1927) ::: crime ::: In order to protect her brothers, Queen Morgan, a celebrity of the nightclub, marries a gang. She resembles a girl in a society that is involved in the UNDER world and shot and killed a gang's boyfriend, and a girl in a society where the queen is spent as a woman to force her money from wealthy parents. Unfortunately, the girls in society are killed by gangs, and the police arrested Queenley for both the murder of both the Society Girl and her boyfriend.
1019 ::: Hitman (2003) ::: crime ::: Marcus Preston, AKA Hitman, only works for the Plymouth Crime Syndicate called 'The Boss'. When a rival Crime Boss, Tom Dalton, is involved in the death of Hitman's wife, he becomes a personal vendeta for a revenge for Hitman, on which his boss does not want. Hitman crosses a compensation line and has a personal war against Dalton's crew, his boss and his own family.
1020 ::: "Burn" (2017) ::: crime ::: "Burning" is the story of the Lion Walsh's story and his five biggest sisters. Since the decades, their father is the most important destiny in the middle "(divisions of 80 and 35) in the northern California. Sending it nationally, using his family truck company. But when the father dies sudden, old son, Lyon becomes the head of family. Now went to his father, violent secrets to self-growing plant, and to force the trucking company, and the truck company. Moreover, a large football cartels in the dying of drugs because of their control seizure and the United States Drug Trade. Lyon has been accused of taking his dangerous life in the end of this dangerous life in the end of it and prepare his fathers and providing them. Unfortunately, wherever he looks like that, reasons are the reasons for staying in games. And now with the watch ticket, and the leon was not any stranger for violence, should decide whether he will go to the war and stay alive.
1021 ::: "Blue Steele" (2017) ::: crime ::: Blue Steel examines Vancouver's criminal wave, only to know that her friends are really enemies. On this 6-part website written and directed by Velaskvez, we cover many people crimes and murders, lies and corruption to protect it.
1022 ::: The Silence of the Bones (2008) ::: crime ::: Swazland 2001. About 35 women and five children have died in the Malcolnce forest. Their rotten bodies can only be found through the clothes that are lying near their residue. David admitted Simelene murders and led the police on the terrible invention of all the bodies. A trial follows, but there is also controversy, sick witnesses and Simelene himself attempted suicide. This is a long trial in Swaji history so far. It is part of a syndicate of rumors Simeline, which is the body parts for money. Is that the same thing or is Simelene just a manic cold blooded killer?
1023 ::: Kradljivac uspomena (2007) ::: crime ::: About one month before Croatian's death and the Congress election in December 1999, it has been reported that diplomats from the Croatian Embassy in Paris have missed. He is a French literature who returned from Canada in 1991. Gawain Squok, who participated in the Independence War and defended Vkoval, began searching.
1024 ::: Huit hommes dans un château (1942) ::: crime ::: Peelidines writes crime novels together. In the cinema, they happen to the report on the outcomes of the shipment that in the lifetime that in life says about survivors. Husband and wife agree that it can start the new story and go and dipuis and see Dupuis to get more information about the drama. When they have died with a bullet of his hotel duo's head of his hotel. The police feature the death like the suicide, but the beginning has found Oracle Ticket in the Dead Pocket. Has his wife takes the train to the selected destination, where in the provinces ...
1025 ::: Nasty Habits (????) ::: crime ::: When the smuggler of Frank Mongan is arrested and goes to Lam, his two younger brothers are involved in collecting money in their dangerous business than from the law he wants to make him alive and the rivals he wants to die. Slow.
1026 ::: Playback (1994) ::: crime ::: The morning of Friday, April 1st. Sleeping Jessica Lacam is chloroform. Her husband, Michael, calls a friend over the phone and gets his answering machine. While he left the message, he was killed and seemed to have overdose. But the murder is recorded on his friend's machine over the phone. The killer is confused. He has to regain the tape or take the risk of shattering his plan. Eddie Flanders, a school teacher, is an unfortunate recording recording recording. Flanders discounts it as a joke of April Fool's Day. After a short escape from his life, he is looking for an answer from his dead friend's wife. The two left to find the murderer with the help of a detective close to retirement. Nobody can trust because it is further drawn into rot, deceive CEPTION, and murder network. Everything leads to violent confrontation.
1027 ::: Ride a Crooked Mile (1938) ::: crime ::: Ride A Crooked Mile is a 1938 American West film directed by Alfred E. Green and written by Jack Moffitt and Ferdinand Reyher. The stars of the movie Akim Tamiroff, Leif Erickson, Frances Farmer, Lynne Overman, John Miljan and J. M. Kerrigan. The film was released on December 9, 1938, by Paramount Pictures.
1028 ::: Panter ceká v 17,30 (1972) ::: crime ::: Teen Peter does not fight well with his strict father, and when his father sells your beloved dog Irina, he feels alone. Therefore, it is easily under the influence of the older boy, who earns money from fraud and theft. He participates in Peter and Young Phoenic. One day, Phoenic throws a cartridge under the tram and the explosion causes bad injuries to a small girl. Peter is present in the explosion, and in fact it is that people about the tram notice, because it wears a white jacket.
1029 ::: Supari - The Quest Begins Now (2014) ::: crime ::: Nobody knew him in the party. Was he a gate crasher, what was his purpose? And the biggest question is how he died. A gate crasher was killed in a party full of people. Nobody saw who did this. Are they all lying to cover anything big? DSP Nirmal Pandey finds himself in the middle of a wine -making conspiracy. Now he not only needs to find out who did this, but also did how it was done. Searching for a labyrinth of complex urban relationships, betel nut tells the story of long -lost love, lost friendship, betrayal and warmness of the heart.
1030 ::: Cocked (2005) ::: crime ::: Three close friends. A common enemy. Bad plans. Bad luck. When it is summer in the suburbs, even if the crime does not pay, at least it is something to do.
1031 ::: Devil's Dandruff (2018) ::: crime ::: When you become poor on the streets of London, you have 2 options. Be poor or be rich. We follow the true story of the rise of a petty drug dealer for his final participation in some of the most notorious and notorious real -life dacoits of recent and notorious real -life dacoits and Drug deals. Underworlds, glamor, seduced by girls, Danger our heroes are soon on his head and fighting for their lives in a world full of violence and where so many final value pay. The Devils Dandruff shows an ineffective look at the London underworld where the crime does not pay and no one ends the winner.
1032 ::: The Nixer (2011) ::: crime ::: Two petty criminals, living on the breadline and begging for scraps, decide to set up a branch on their own in the life of crime. They draw their first job, but quickly feel that they have played with the wrong person. Time is now running out because they try to avoid vengeance ...
1033 ::: DNA: Guilty or Innocent? (2003) ::: crime ::: Death row prisoners, or they suffer from life sentence, some of them have been given another chance to change their judgment. In this CBS Special documentary manufacturers follow the DNA test of visual evidence of the original crime in 4 different cases, eventually revealing the prisoner's crime or innocence.
1034 ::: Pollen (2016/II) ::: crime ::: Scientists who are trying to delay aging are a little troubled by supplying drugs to suspicious drug sellers. And be careful of drug sellers -when your supply starts running low, your scientist will never be a pinch for you. plug. You just don't know what you get, as they say. That is the case of Hasslabbob, his Clonie, and red in a small time. After Red is a hell compounding scientist, a party girl leases, her and her roommate brandy, and after Kara's whipped quotes, after the party night, Find to grow quickly. On the other hand, the tension between Bob and Red is dying for people, things become strange, and as they say, the fans are fans.
1035 ::: "Hustle in Full" (2015) ::: crime ::: A young king Pin tries to create an empire of corruption and to regain his respect. While dealing with the revenge of his former right dealer to prepare him for a drop. He faces the consequences of his drug trade, which falls in front of him.
1036 ::: Kiss of Death (2008) ::: crime ::: Each buff tells a story. Rush Rush is not like any other crime series on TV. Boomtown meets CSI, it re -achieves this type. The truth is slippery. A man's testimony is the lie of another man. It seems that the evidence is final - but in my hands? With the construction? There is only one copy. The truth depends on where you stand. How many views do the entire story make? Blood Rush, a distinctive, multi -increase drama and courage, is used as leaps from the point of view and time frame to detect crime stories from the views of all concerned. The time sequence is wrapped back, front and interference with the story collapsing. Various views of the detectives, policemen, forensic scientists, pathologists, diseases, victims, and perpetrators take us depth in the heart of the story. Finally to the truth. There is always more than one perspective of crime. Each buff tells a story.
1037 ::: Inspektor Barbarotti - Verachtung (2011) ::: crime ::: Shortly after the Swedish police detective Gunnar Barbotti receives the house an anonymous letter during his vacation announcing the murder of Anna, the corpse hanging of Anna Palme's blood is found. He is the first of a few homicides with a hint forward, one named Gunnar as Mark. Barbarettes list 60 possible vindictive people from his past. Considering some of them it shows dangerous, but probably to no avail as it emerges on the twins Kalle and Ole Borg's family.
1038 ::: Kiss of Death (2008) ::: crime ::: Each Pov tells a story. Blood Rush is different from any other series of crimes on television. Boomtown meets CSI, the genre reinvents. The truth is slippery. The testimony of a man is the lie of the man of another. The evidence seems to be definitive, but in whose hands? What construction? There is never only one version. The truth depends on where you are standing. How many points of view do the whole story? A distinctive and sandy drama of multiple angle, Blood Rush uses vertiginous views of point of view and the time frame to discover stories of crimes from the points of view of all involved. The chronologies are rolled back, forward and overlap as history develops. The diverse perspectives of detectives, police, forensic scientists, pathologists, profilers, victims and perpetrators lead us deeply in the heart of history. And finally to the truth. There is always more than one perspective for a crime. Each Pov tells a story.
1039 ::: Frustré (2013) ::: crime ::: @pilerie lobbard has no means and does not see the female species. If in the street is in anotherboards, in the TV or the Avinentil Discipes, wherever he sees his beautiful wife that never reaches it. Sustainable discouraging in the sour period of society and for a long time to be a unusual motivation and clinic player in serial killer ...
1040 ::: Kill the Irishman (2017) ::: crime ::: When his fiancé was killed by the Mafia, he called the family, the Irish gangster Conor O'Kallan fled to Ireland in an attempt to avoid his painful memories. Now, about two years later, a heavy drinking, chen smoker killer has once again trapped in the life of an organized crime. After a young prostitute stole a small luck from the crowd, to make her Connor and her men track it down, but will she really end the life of poor girls? Or this would be the opportunity to do something good for finally.
1041 ::: Unforgotten (2012) ::: crime ::: Professor James Earl Medina is a famous university professor and a beloved family. However, he decided that someone in the dark past wanted a reinstatement VEN for what a good professor did 30 years ago when he was young. A good professor has no choice but to return to his previous tragic life to save his family. The following is a collision between the professor and the person who wants to hurt his family.
1042 ::: Zeki, Florian, and Kelly! (1996) ::: crime ::: Riko, a young woman obsessed by suicide, meets K, an angry young man whose dream is to erase the whole existence. Together they join in with three other potential terrorists on a message to deliver a "cake" to a non-specific location somewhere in Tokyo.
1043 ::: Mr. Lockjaw (2015) ::: crime ::: Mr Lockja is a series of American drama created by Justin Craig and Byron Conrad Erwin. Founded and produced in Atlanta, Georgia, Mr Lockja is the story of Miles Brimley (Troy Halverson), a struggling children's show that is dragged into the world of criminal interrogation and Torture from his dummy, Mr. Lockja. When you find his hole dug deeper and deeper, Miles has no choice but to give up Mr. Lockjia's increasingly dangerous desires. A glimmer of hope appears for him in Gwyneth, recovering the drug that hopes that her childhood link with Miles can help her escape from memories of pain. The situation of Miles and Lockjja is more complicated than the falling empire of once strong employers, Hubaldus Hercolani; His number one in command, Leonard Stanley; and a reliable police officer, Bill Preslin. If this wasn't enough to fight, detective Schafley, a gumshoe book, pulled in case of murder with Miles as the main suspect ... or should it be that Mr. Lockja? There are two sides for each story, and Mr Lockja takes it literally. Daily Children's Animator, Ventrilocist Miles Brimley Moonlights as an information extractor for the criminal world led by Hercolani infamous Hercolani. With a lead character reminding Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, the series takes viewers in a splintered world of duplicate characters struggling between light and dark. More than just a crime drama, raise the ultimate human question: which side are you? It is the story of a man surrounded by, and involved in, killing, criminal activity and corruption, but at the heart of all this is looking for the simple pleasures of life they mostly take. His struggle is to live his environment, his enemies, and above all, the demands of his Alter-ego, the bigger puppet than life named Mr Lockja. Filled with dry satire and glitter, the show is not a comedy in itself, but rather a dark spotlight that illuminates the largest side of our existence, while still recognizing the innate humor of the concept. Mr Lockja uses his premise in the south of realism to open twisted possibilities that could not be made on a more ground show. The most ordinary characters stand for the audience as observers of Mr. Lockjja's increasingly questioning methods. Each episode gives another water cooling moment of strange deaths, unforeseen twists, and memorable quips that can only emerge from a dummy mouth. In a world of Duality, Mr. Lockja sweetly licks the two sides of the sword with two edged.
1044 ::: Fanny Pelopaja (1984) ::: crime ::: Violence and delinquency are the only mortal lifestyle. A former coupe known as El Galgo was expelled from police because of his irregular methods, especially for mortal abuse. They are looking for each other, both with the idea of ​​murder. However, a feeling that is very different from hatred begins to occupy the mind. When they meet, they don't know how to react.
1045 ::: CH7 (2004) ::: crime ::: Tina, a young Swiss film maker, gets tired of working for CH7, the first private television channel in Switzerland. He decides to change his life and produce his own film. He intends to raise the necessary money by stealing a bank while hunting by a former colleague who heard of his plans.
1046 ::: Sacrifice (2013/III) ::: crime ::: A victim tells the story of a group of car thieves who stole a car with a shoe full of cocaine. This leads to the fact that they unconsciously break a drug deal between crime bosses, Frank Morgan and the Carbon brothers. The Carbon brothers, itching, to expand their influence in Frank's territory, view this situation as a way of declaring war against Frank. During this chaos, the story of an American card player is unraveling. Nick Hayden has sought asylum in the UK after a horrific test with a gangster in New York. Forced to leave a card that plays behind him, he is looking for a way to leave to calculate the chances and read the reactions of the people behind him. However, through the influence of Claudia, it soon turns out to be returning to the world of underground poker. Connecting these stories together is the sad tale of Charlene. A woman of her late twenty years, who desperately wants to leave the sexual industry behind. Soon she is a victim of witch hunting, led by a single mother on the tower block where she lives.
1047 ::: Kabuslar evi - Hayal-i cihan (2006) ::: crime ::: Cihan (Okan Yalabik), who was looking for a quiet home away from the city center, finds the palace he needs at Sky Emlak, the real estate agent of a village. After staying for a short time in the palace, he realizes that he is not alone there; The Palace also contains a spectrum (Cetin Tekindor). Fighting the spectrum, he catches him. However, what is even more dreadful than the spectrum itself is his own story.
1048 ::: Blood Line (2009) ::: crime ::: Two of the most powerful families in New York will collide in this urban drama. When Don Vito's Mafia family is threatened by the most powerful street king in Brooklyn, Caesar "Smash" Benton, a peat war will decide the fate of each other's empire. Vito starts recruiting new members and takes Richie, the son of his former right handman. While he falls deeper into the web of the Mafia, Richie begins to re -assess his goal to kill Vito; The man who killed his father, because of the love of respect he deserves from the "family". Prepare for an intense story of drama, romance and war.
1049 ::: Playback (1994) ::: crime ::: Friday morning, April 1st. Jessica Latham sleeping is chloroformed. Her husband Michael calls a friend on the phone and gets his answering machine. While leaving the message, he is shot and made to look like an overdose. However, the killing is recorded on the machine of his teammates by phone. The killer is in Quandary. He should recover the tape or risk his plans breaking. Eddie Flanders, a school teacher, is the unfortunate grisly registration recipient. The Flanders are serving him as an April Fool joke. After escaping with a little attempt on his life he looks for answers from his dead friend's wife. Both began to find the killer with the help of a retirement detective. No one can be trusted as they are pulling more in any web of corruption, cheating and killing - all leading to a violent showdown.
1050 ::: The Hollow Waltz (2015) ::: crime ::: In a corruption and greedy city, the mass of the sorted characters spends this fairy tale in the new England. Everyone tries to live a few days despite success. Revenge, external outside and wealth spend a good time in the frog cavity. Rated r for language and violence.
1051 ::: "Klan" (2016) ::: crime ::: In view of the assassination of Medagar Everns, disillusionment ambulance driver Patrick Rolings is recruited as an FBI informer within the rapidly dangerous United Klan of the US. Classman Jean Hewood and his reliable second-in-command Garth Dillhant signed a deal with a mole within their Clover. Hewood's wife Bev struggles with a one -year anniversary of the death of his eldest son. FBI handler Dean Waller gets some dangerous information.
1052 ::: Ulli Lommel's Zodiac Killer (2005) ::: crime ::: The Body's Zoudarack Killer is in a wire in this tweetler this tweetler. In today's day Los Angeles, a young man loved to remember Zodika killer, never known that never is the most attractive in American history. Michael works in nursing house and tired of people who neglect for care their old relatives. He read a book by Simonville on the Zodiac Killer who encourages him to run in the killings. Michael claims to claim the zodiac title, the person indicates that the older treats it. The only person to make the michael is similee van, who uses to review the last review of your book in the killings of Michael Scheme.
1053 ::: Tödliches Geld (1995) ::: crime ::: Béatrice Belmont is attractive - and a successful businesswoman who has built her career alone. Many things would have been easier if she had used the good name of her ex-husband, the younger heir of the Geneva-based Belmont Bank. She now leads an investment fund that specializes in art. Regularly a visit to auctions, there she meets Robert, a lawyer, who holds her with his charm. Even after she is divorced from her husband Michael Béatrice, her former father -in -law Paul Belmont has always stayed her boyfriend. When his older son and designated successor Albert are killed in a sport accident, the follow -up line in the family is disputed Bitter. His two daughters have hope for their husbands in this context. Carlo, husband of the older daughter Anita, is the manager of the department of private customers of the bank, while Léon, husband of the baby Lucy of the family, manages a subsidiary of the bank. However, Paul is in accordance with the lawyer Viktor Lepka, his right hand, that Béatrice, with her dynamic but understanding flair, is more suitable than anyone else to take over the position of Albert. Béatrice appreciates this proof of trust, but asks Paul for time to consider. She cannot completely change her life overnight. By the way, in her opinion, her ex-husband Michael would be much better suited to take on the management of the bank. And this seems to be the ideal basis for a reconciliation between father and son after years of fighting. Despite the mediation of Béatrice, however, Paul and Michael have a violent dispute again. Michael storms from his father's office in anger. Only now, after her plan has failed, Béatrice starts to think seriously about Paul's offer. Shortly thereafter, after having learned that the lawyer Viktor Lepka has committed suicide, her decision is clear: she will start working for the Belmont bank. Already on the next day, Béatrice De Belmont -daughter Arcus pays a visit. She asks Fallon, Paul's judicial adviser, to help her investigate the reasons for the death of Lepka. Together the two quickly find out that Lepka had been involved in shady transactions and that he was broken under pressure. At the same time, they discover that Arcus has suffered losses in recent months in recent months that thousands of millions of amounts are under the management of the son -in -law Léon of Paul. But even after an intensive search, they can't find Léon. Paul immediately evokes a family conference. News arrived in a new disaster. Interpol has started investigating the bank for money laundering. There is a witness in New York who is willing to give proof of the state against the bank: Léon, who wants to be exempt from punishment for his own credits. Béatrice knows that Paul never abused the bank for money laundering. To her own and Paulus' horror, however, they note that there is a numbered account under the name of Paul's brother Monsignore Francis Belmont who lives in America. Although the relevant documents have mysteriously disappeared Béatrice and Fallon, now almost inseparable, you discover that dubious deals have indeed been handled through this report. The connections in which the account was involved do not only lead to mailbox companies, but even to the Vatican itself. While Béatrice continues to investigate the background of the numbered account, Paul meets other bankers in Geneva. However, the latter refuses to grant the Belmont Bank credit to declare its losses. Paul finally collapses under the tension and suffers from a heart attack. Due to Paul's disease, the Belmont family threatens to fall apart. But due to the mediation of Béatrice, Michael now takes over the management of the bank. His prestige in the world of finance receives the Belmont Bank a delay from the creditors and the public prosecutor. In the meantime, Béatrice and Fallon continue to pursue the paths of illegal money. They skillfully reveal that a secret international organization has used the bill to launch its money white. Monsignore Francis, misled by his ambition to become a cardinal, has allowed his name to use. By getting money desperately thanks to these dirty deals, he managed to make himself indispensable for the Vatican. No one there heard of the source of the money. Béatrice, Michael and Paul, on the way to recovery, use this information to save the bank. During a meeting, Paul and Francis have a bitterwind change. The banker manages to negotiate credit with the Vatican Bank, making the family company again solvent. Apart from that, he demands that Francis uses his influence to prevent the witness from giving proof of the state. Béatrice is a shocked witnesses of this agreement. She knows that Paul designed the death penalty of Léon. Although her supplications fall on deaf ears, she desperately tries to change the banker's mind. To save his bank, Paul is determined to stop nothing. However, his triumph is only of short duration. He suffers from a second heart attack. Béatrice is unable to prevent Paul's fatal transaction. But despite an attractive range of Michael, she does not want to benefit from his fruit and turns her back on the world of large companies.
1054 ::: Ulterior Motives (2008) ::: crime ::: Omaha, Neb. - The Omaha police department remains silent because the national meditation focuses on the deaths of their own five. Local sources suggest that the FBI has joined the death of five Omaha police officers with local officials. San Diego, Cal. FBI Office Fissure confirmed late last night that he was in Omaha in connection with the ongoing investigation in Southern California. To date, the Omaha Police Department has not accepted any lead in the odd range of homesides and resisted the use of the word "serial killer" when referring to what the media has dubbed (Eli Kate). The Omaha police spokesperson did not have any comments, saying that he had every available law enforcement officer who works on the case.
1055 ::: Rest in Peace, Cuervo Jones (2002) ::: crime ::: Quervo Jones is a low -level gangster that dreams of becoming a rap star. But when the cocaine of a drug Lord is stolen, all the signs point to Quervo and a wealth is placed on his head. He now avoids both sides of the law, as he is looking for a colorful team of friends to help him survive. When his best friend is killed with a bullet designed for him, Quervo Jones decides to fight. He and his households need to find out who framed him and quickly.
1056 ::: Blood Line (2009) ::: crime ::: Two of the most powerful families in New York will collide in this urban drama. When Don Vito's Mafia family is threatened by the most powerful street king in Brooklyn, Caesar "Smash" Benton, a peat war will decide the fate of each other's empire. Vito starts recruiting new members and takes Richie, the son of his former right handman. While he falls deeper into the web of the Mafia, Richie begins to re -assess his goal to kill Vito; The man who killed his father, because of the love of respect he deserves from the "family". Prepare for an intense story of drama, romance and war.
1057 ::: D-dag (2000) ::: crime ::: This was a great experiment. Seven Danish television channels were in the air at the same time, with four different films, each made by one of the four directors. The four films extend 70 minutes and recorded from CA 11.05 31/12 1999 to 0.15 1/1 2000. This is a OneTime movie because 1/1/2000 you are supposed to edit your own version, from four movies They execute simultaneous simultaneous, plus a recording of the room in which the directors where they are sitting coordinate everything. Each director had a main character and a camera team that followed this person. The remote control was its cutting device, and nobody saw the same movie that night. But the plot was the same for everyone: four people have planned to steal a bank, and will use the noise of the New Year celebration to hide the explosion. We follow them at the time around the robbery.
1058 ::: "Khozyayka taygi" (2009) ::: crime ::: Vasilissa Gromova, guardian of a forest reserve, and Konstantin Voyevodin, former Marine, for pure witness accident of a murder organized by the local mafia group. The mafia and the police hunt them so much by the police, and accidentally obtain some knowledge of the schemes of the shadow of the local corrupt officials of high rank. Two honest people fight their own war against crime and corruption. Will win?
1059 ::: Sokolov (2014) ::: crime ::: This 48th times speaks the false story of the criminal's movie Nikolai Sokolov, who knows how to leave the children without burning in blue. When planning the next revolution, he suddenly works with his former partner and now work as a hidden agent. Even though the enemies and even their enemies suffer problems.
1060 ::: The Wonderland Gang (2018) ::: crime ::: The Wonderland gang focused around a robbery at Heathro Airport on Saturday, 30july 1966. The gang said as undercover police officers that the airport officials are confident that they are trying to steal ł1.2 million in the gold bullion waiting for shipment in the US. federal Reserve. But everything is not as it seems.
1061 ::: Hitman (2003) ::: crime ::: Marcus Preston, A.K.A Hitman, works for the Plymouth Crime Syndicate, only known as the Boss. When the rival criminal coach, Tom Dalton, is involved in the death of Hitman's wife, this becomes a person of revenge for Hitman, whose boss does not want to act. Hitman crosses the return line and has a personal war against his crew Dalton, his chief and family.
1062 ::: "Der Bestatter" (2013) ::: crime ::: A detective leaves the strength to take over the family company as an underactor while being examined for murder. His close encounters with corpses and earlier police training led him to see the things that miss some of his ex-colleagues, and he examines the crimes that he often met in unofficial functions to dismay the official police.
1063 ::: FBI Criminal Files (2016) ::: crime ::: Good crime is strangers. The mind of money, power and covet takes some people to move to intellectual methods to achieve it; But it's a crime you don't hear about that most appealing. This DVD collection of this DVD that receives a story of corruption and kill, you will look at neighbors and friends as people often questioned. Cocaine War: A successful, a hard worker seeks part of this citizen but in fact relating to medicinal networks. It made the idea that he is a man whose browsing to live a private life and expiration. When the conflict is produced, Charles find himself in the eight balls for his life, while it is better at first. In the mind of the psycho: when a model, think of time filming, it comes with his secret location and becomes the wrong and life will not be the same. The reports for fear is based on the real life that will shock the head. Apply the world of Government and shook as afraid of wickedness and immorality.
1064 ::: Howard Lake (????) ::: crime ::: May 15, 1897 - Howard Lake, MN, Tom Bauxel and his wife Lydi met a fierce death - both were repeatedly killed by an intruder - with an ax from the family woodpile. Ten people were accused of this terrible incident - sad and perhaps incredibly, no one was convicted! This is a cool story of how the Bauxel family and the Howard Lake community competed with allegations, investigations and tests of this unimaginable crime - Cowle brothers and sisters and havard lake's collective sounds.
1065 ::: "Baian the Assassin" (1990) ::: crime ::: In Japan, in Japan, Japan sometimes is sometimes difficult to reach normal tools. In such cases, the victims hire Shegishenin, deadly conspiracy, which removes their legitimate ends. Fujieda Baian is a faithful servant as a healer who serves his community. Carefully, when he was a completely different person, but the skills of mastery as healers are used to kill themselves and kill people outside justice. He was fired in other historical sites in old EDO and Japan, which has a dark aroma of stataro Ikenami.
1066 ::: The Investigators: Evil Eyes (2006) ::: crime ::: This series analyzes all the sides of the police, the winners the losers and who is trapped in the midst of the process of obtaining and examining justice. Several producers and actors show a wide brush throughout the American justice system.
1067 ::: Cocked (2005) ::: crime ::: Three close friends. A common enemy. Bad plans. The worse luck. When there is summer in the suburbs, at least it is necessary to do it.
1068 ::: The Neighborhood Thief (????) ::: crime ::: A story about four boys in the neighborhood who like to get in trouble because they have fun because they are only teenagers. The neighbors know that they are problems and they are always looking for the young, especially for Rick Hughes, the millionaire who everyone loves because he is a generous, caring guy, but he has a small rivalry with the four Boys. The boys are held responsible for almost everything, but they are really impressed if they are burdened with several reports due to theft. This time the punishments are much more difficult than just "grounded". So the four boys come together and try to dig out of this hole and redeem themselves to the neighbors, but it just doesn't quite work. They call their old classmates Charlie Dickson to win the brain in this case. The boys talk and think for days and have their plan. The only thing you need is more help. Then turn to the local youthful delinquent "Fly" and "Cato". Excitement, fear and laughter take the trip of these boys, of whom they know they will win. But how far will you go to redeem yourself? How much do you risk?
1069 ::: Supravietuitorul (2008) ::: crime ::: After World War II, "Comeisarul Moldova" (Sergiu nicolaescu / Peter Falc) spent years as a political prisoner of the Communist regime. Colonel Russian's favorite entertainment in charge of prison was to play Russian Roulette inmates. The only unbelievable luck and his surviving spirit helped Moldova live through his arrest. Outside prison, former police are joining a Russian Roulette illegal circuit. In the late 1970s, his faith reaches a central city of Jupin, where Goldberg (Vladimir Gitan / Cristian Moto), his old acquaintance is organizing a "improved" version of the game in which two opposition shoot each other. Do. Step by step Moldova meets many familiar faces, both friends or enemies. It seems that the whole basement of Bucharest decided to meet here from the 40s.
1070 ::: Supravietuitorul (2008) ::: crime ::: After World War II, "Comeisarul Moldova" (Sergiu nicolaescu / Peter Falc) spent years as a political prisoner of the Communist regime. Colonel Russian's favorite entertainment in charge of prison was to play Russian Roulette inmates. The only unbelievable luck and his surviving spirit helped Moldova live through his arrest. Outside prison, former police are joining a Russian Roulette illegal circuit. In the late 1970s, his faith reaches a central city of Jupin, where Goldberg (Vladimir Gitan / Cristian Moto), his old acquaintance is organizing a "improved" version of the game in which two opposition shoot each other. Do. Step by step Moldova meets many familiar faces, both friends or enemies. It seems that the whole basement of Bucharest decided to meet here from the 40s.
1071 ::: Pattiyal (2006) ::: crime ::: Kozi (Aria) and Salva (Baharat) are contractual killers working for an intermediary named Sami (Kuchin Hannaf). Vishnouvar depicts this story of two orphan youths with incredible realism of trust, friendship, and endless endlessness.
1072 ::: Gold Licks (2018) ::: crime ::: It has been a few weeks since the existence of a successful ethical. When the other two gathered their shares, the main character said that his main character was affected by the first stage of the Dementia, it will not be able to immediately qualify. Does he really suffer from memory loss, or is it all that is all the same to take the robbery?
1073 ::: Calles sangrientas (1990) ::: crime ::: A violent Mexican film of gangs were two bands fighting for their territory, honor and glory. The motorcyclists against the punk, neither of the two bands doubt in killing whoever is in front of them, violating their teachers and killing in sight. They do not respect parents, women or children. Tracks, hammers, knives and weapons for their purpose they use. The garbage at your best.
1074 ::: "Prepisani" (2010) ::: crime ::: 30 years later. Two former colleagues and collaborators are sitting behind the interrogation table of the National Investigation Bureau. Rene Alco, one of the guards of a guard in front of Tito's room, noticed that he was on the other side of the law.
1075 ::: One Shot Sam (2006) ::: crime ::: The film follows a shot played by Donald G. Jackson, a private researcher in Hollywood, California. He sends him for the mosquito in his One Time Partner's Laz, and in the 1970s, the Conrad Brooks, who moved to Akron, Ohio, in the 1970s, to crack the cases of country rock music.
1076 ::: The Neighborhood Thief (????) ::: crime ::: One story in four boys in the neighborhood who like to be in trouble while having fun, because they are only adolescents. The neighbors know that it is trouble and they are always looking for boys, especially Rick Hughes, the millionaire living that everyone loves because he is a generous and attentive guy, but he has a little rivalry with The four boys. The boys are blamed for almost everything, but they are really struck when accused of several flight accounts. This time, punishments are much more serious than the simple "anchored foundation". Thus, the four boys come together and try to get out of this hole and redeem themselves to the neighbors, but it simply does not work quite. They call their former classmate Charlie Dickson to win the brain in the case. The boys speak and reflect for days and they have their plan. The only thing they need is more help. It was then that they turned to local juvenile delinquents "Fly" and "Cato". The suspense, fear and laughter take over while you cross the trip of these boys you know will win. But how far will they go to redeem themselves? How much will they risk?
1077 ::: Mr. Lockjaw (2015) ::: crime ::: Mr. Lockza is an American drama series created by Justin Craig and byron Conrad Erwin. The story of Mr. Lockza, set and built in Atlanta, Georgia, Miles Brimley (Troy Holverson), a hard -working child entertainer, he was dragged into the underworld of criminal trial and violence by his chaotic dummy Mr. Lockza. When his hole is dug deeper and deeply, Miles has no other way to give Mr. Lock's dangerous desires. The glittering of hope for him in Gwindin, with her recovering drug addict, hopes that her childhood bond will help her escape painful memories. The condition of Miles and Lockza is more complicated by their once powerful owner Hubaldus Hercollani's breaking empire; His number one command, Leonard Stanley; And the police officer who blackmailed was Bill Praslin. If it is not enough to fight, the detective shafli, through the book of Gabshu, is dragged as the main accused in a murder case with Miles ... or should it be Mr. Lock? There are both sides of each story, and Mr. Lockza takes it literally. Children's Entertainer, Ventriloquist Miles Brimley Moonlights as Information Extractor for Criminal World, which runs an infamous Herbaldus Hercollani. With the main character that reminds Dr. Jickle and Mr. Hyde, the series of the series of fake characters struggling between light and dark is taken to the world. Rather than just a crime drama, it raises the ultimate human question: Which side are you really? It is the story of the surrounding person, and the murder, criminal activity and corruption, but at its heart he seeks the simplest pleasures of life he takes most. His struggle is his environment, his enemies and the demands of his Alter-Ego, the largest puppet than the life of Mr. Lockza. Filled with dry intellect and glyb sarcasm, this appearance is not a comedy, but a dark spotlight that brightens the ugliness of our existence, but recognizes the natural humor of the concept. Mr. Lockza uses the south of realism's enclosure, to open up twisted opportunities that cannot be done on a more grounded show. Mr. Lockza's rising mashed trial techniques stand out for the audience as observers. Each episode provides another water-cooler moment of incomprehensible deaths, forest-unchecked turns and memorable quips, which can only emerge from the mouth of the chaotic dummy. In the dual world, Mr. Lockza laughs on both sides of the double edged knife.
1078 ::: Nahota na prodej (1993) ::: crime ::: Nancy young Nancy comes to Prague for training. Burning Czech, so chosen. He with Alexa's story and a former policeman is a search for a sixteen girl. His father is desperate, the police will help. They researchers lead them to the Rome market and pornography and pornography.
1079 ::: "Romance Policial: Espinosa" (2015) ::: crime ::: Liutant Espinosa (Domingos Montagner) is methodical, cultivated and ethical. Suddenly in the area covered by his constituency; The police begin to be murdered in the same circumstances; He then organized a working group to try to resolve these cases. However, during surveys, he begins to be wary of the police who changes his role as a hunter.
1080 ::: Sleeping with Fishes (2006) ::: crime ::: The addicted gambler in southern London has 32 hours to find £ 20,000. His addiction begins to ruin life for those who care about him, his girlfriend, Carla, a prostitute, addiction to heroin. Matt, his brother, needs money to have his music business. Henry, just from prison, wishes to boat. Sean, obsessive and wire wants to arrange the last job for them. Detective Sergeant McQueen is accepted in six debt cultivars, hugging the kit to rescue his neck. Their personal needs bring them together to meet each of their dreams by doing a last job. As the day and addiction progress, the storm is getting worse, and the silent waves are now dangerously to their eyes.
1081 ::: "Love Me If You Dare" (2015) ::: crime ::: Once a victim of eating human meat is a heavy flower, Simon is a criminal psychiatrist who takes only the darkest cases with the worst perpetrators. Jian Yao, a committed young woman, begins working with Simon and becomes his assistant, followed by the dark path of the criminal mind. However, the flowers of human meat have not been completed with Simon, and they soon learn that there is more than the cases they have more than they could imagine.
1082 ::: Medium Gray (2004) ::: crime ::: Corruption has eaten away in the hearts of the two best of San Francisco and the woman they can both or not. Harry wants to retire. Eddie wants everything to stay the same. Anna just wants nice things. These contradictory desires lead to mutual disbelief, heart attack and murder.
1083 ::: The Man (2014/II) ::: crime ::: In this low -budget independent 90 -minute feature film (here is divided into two 45 -minute parts on YouTube) taken in New York and New York There is something weirdly boiled down. "The Man", a drug seller, lives in the shaded house of the treasury lane in the tree, but swallows drugs to local youth, including a young man named Waldo Mcfadden. This is the starting point of an error comedy that leads to this creepy land of the tortured soul. Nobody gets what they want, and no one survives to tell the story.
1084 ::: Jack Taylor: Purgatory (2016) ::: crime ::: Jack and Dallag are hired by a large software company and find out who steals valuable game data from the company. Jack likes the main suspect, but when she is killed, Jack swears to defeat him and defeat him.
1085 ::: "The D Matzzis" (2016) ::: crime ::: D Matzzis, separated by secrets and lies. At this point, the princess of Jane De Matzi is a widow princess, who is cruelly driven by one thing to protect her children from Borsley, Bella and Marcello from the same people who have been left to protect them. Given the relentless pursuit of his grandmother and her boss, Eve, Jane must be woven through a network of manipulation and half of the facts to seek her children from the damn reality of the family.
1086 ::: Stakeout! (1962) ::: crime ::: Father Joe Doscow, played by actor Bing Russell, was released from jail after receiving a three -year period for a thief. He meets with his ten -year -old son, actor Billy e. Hughes and Junior starred. Both go from the place where the oil fields in Texas are looking for work. Unable to do the job, Joe Doscow, Senior Actor, Bill Foster and Robert "White" Hughes, kidnapping the son of Christopher Wayne. The kidnapping goes sour and Joe Doscow was shot dead, his joey [Billy e. Hughes and Junior left the state as a ward.
1087 ::: The Wonderland Gang (2018) ::: crime ::: The campus camps on Heathrow airport and Saturday, 3066 and the police make it stealing Ł1.2 Waiting to Shipping in the US Federal Reserve . But everything does not seem to.
1088 ::: Trio (2003) ::: crime ::: Three people in the taxi for 18: Alexei driver and his partner Nikolai and Marina, a prostitute who chose them on their way. Or so it looks ... in fact, all three are police investigators. Their mission: to detect a gang that was stealing long -term trucks.
1089 ::: "Death in the Family" (2013) ::: crime ::: Wajid Ali is the father of three children. He has an affair with his daughter Amina Shekhar. His son, Salim is looking for a job. Salim loves Ruksar and wants to get married, but both their fathers do not accept the proposal. Wajid learns that she has an affair with Amina Shekhar and to marry her quickly. Amina and Shekhar run away from the house. Wajid murder. Police have found that Salim killed his father as he was against his marriage with Ruksar.
1090 ::: The Silence of the Bones (2008) ::: crime ::: Swaziland 2001. About 35 women and five children are found dead in the Malkerns forest. Their decomposition bodies can only be identified by clothing located near their remains. David Simelane admits the killers and led the police on a horrible discovery of all the bodies. A trial follows but is obstinate by the controversy, the sick witnesses and even an attempted suicide of Simelane himself. It is by far the longest trial in Swazi history. It is said that Simelane is part of a union that harvested body parts for money. Could this be the case where Simelane is just a sadistic composure killer?
1091 ::: Le denier du colt (1990) ::: crime ::: Four killings in forty -eight hours occur in Nice. The killer calls himself "extermination" and the police are unable to apprehend it. Tom Lepski is an insurance detective and he is involved in the investigation when Lisa Mendoza, a famous violinist and a friend, is killed just minutes before Tom visits him. After another wealthy woman killing, Tom reveals that all the victims were members of the exclusive club fifty. All of them but Lisa.
1092 ::: "Policie Modrava" (2015) ::: crime ::: TV laws show that is the Mosaic of any crime, being placed among the citizen of Sumava. The main commentator of the researcher is Jana Vinická who comes to the police station from the Kaspes Mountains from the Mountains of the Mountains for personal purposes. Here it's reappearing the domain. His experience and position will give his fellow worker to solve criminal judges.
1093 ::: TrapMan (2015/I) ::: crime ::: A young man name "Marcus" (Lilmariosantana) feels life in his teeth when he finds it difficult to be a drug dealer alias ("Trapman") and knows that it is not very easy to get out of the drug game and nephew. "Darnell" (Javon, Lilmoney), who also follows a life in the crime in the footsteps of his uncle ... MdKS Wunderkind decided to write a film with Lilmariosantana, Fees, Natty Boya, Young Tay, Javon and more. - The action shows how a young teenager tries to find a way out of street life, but when his nephew (Javon, Lil'money) grows up and follows the footsteps of his uncle and Theres more in this street film.
1094 ::: Erie, the Collar Bomb Story (????) ::: crime ::: On August 28, 2003, in the suburbs of Erie, Pennsylvania, a pizza delivery man named Brian Wells was hired by several men locking an explosive device around his neck. Then they ordered him to steal a bank. After giving the money, he would receive a clue to help her dismantle the bomb. It was one of the most ingenious bank theft schemes in history, known as FBI collarbomb. He did not go according to the plan. Wells, cut by police shortly after the robbery, never found the clue he needed to disarm the bomb around his neck. He died before the bomb squad could arrive, but after the national news was on the scene. Unfortunately, his death was on Live TV. Investigating the crime after his grisly death, the FBI soon discovered that Wells was not, in fact, an innocent victim. He was simply the first co-conspirator to fall into a strange trail of death after the crime.
1095 ::: When Darkness Falls (2008) ::: crime ::: One of the worst serial killers in South Africa was born in the rural village of Umhaluve of Kwazulu-Natal. Sifo Dube came from a religious family but terrorized the community from a young age. By 2006, the 30 -year -old Dube was found guilty of killing six children, a woman, raped three girls and attacked two boys. He was also convicted of an attack with ten abductions, a theft, a robbery, a common attack and intention of causing serious physical harm. In the meantime she remained criminal, rude and aggressive. He showed nothing but contempt for the court. He was sentenced to ten lifetime and an additional 114 years. Some would say that Sifo Dub was born to do evil.
1096 ::: Darkside Miami (2016) ::: crime ::: Miami is one of the most sexy places in the world, but look at the backlights and you will find a much darker reality. There are annoying crimes called the name of the absent religions. Follow the dedicated Miami crime detective Ramon Montaia (Ray Hernandez) and his team is gathering to solve these mystic crimes.
1097 ::: Calles sangrientas (1990) ::: crime ::: A violent Mexican Gang film was two groups that fight for their territory, their honor and their glory. Bikers against punks, neither of the two groups hesitates to kill the one in front of them, violating their teachers and killing in sight. They do not respect fathers, women or children. Spots, hammers, knives and firearms for their goal they use. Trashiness to its best.
1098 ::: "Blue Steele" (2017) ::: crime ::: Blue Steel examines Vancouver's criminal wave, only to know that her friends are really enemies. On this 6-part website written and directed by Velaskvez, we cover many people crimes and murders, lies and corruption to protect it.
1099 ::: Jack Boyz (2016) ::: crime ::: Set in a current urban environment, "Jack Boyz" is the sandy story of an ambitious crew of men glued with a perfect album. Directed by the wise and meticulous Salim, the gang follows a strict one week of cleaning and synergy before each robbery. By adhering to the approach of Salim Personalized Personalized Crime, the unit develops a level of execution and harmony of incomparable signature in street crime. But when a team member breaks the discipline and violates a key principle, endangers the reputation of his team and involuntarily help the kidnapping of a vital life line; Your own lover. With the integrity of Jack Boyz now in question and an innocent life in his hands, Salim must decide whether he would withdraw and preserve his own livelihood or demonstrate that his discipline and harmony exercises were not in vain.
1100 ::: The Butcher of Kraaifontein (2014) ::: crime ::: This documentary revolves around the tragic life of Sharmin Mary, a young girl who came to Cape Town in search of work to help provide financial support to the parents of her poverty. Mary arrived in Cape Town in January 2013 and stayed with a friend of Christina White in Kroneflin. However, for a few days, she will be left alone with Johannes de Jagir, the friend of her friend's mother. In those few days, the court records indicate that Mary had often had to plead with him not to make sexual progress and even record their talks. Unfortunately, no one listened to her appeals for help, with tragic consequences.
1101 ::: Busted! Animal Smugglers (2014) ::: crime ::: Nat Gee is flying into a shocking and good story to incur. Each year, people are avenged from the eyes of many animals in the world's territory. By billions of dollars due to a year, the back of the wildlife is one of the country's black market. See the fatal way to disapprove their illegal plan.
1102 ::: "Lawless" (2013) ::: crime ::: Jacob Reese is a cool, calm detective with the Metrocity police department. His partner was killed in the fire line. Jacob will never work with a partner again. That is until his boss assigns him a partner, Eunice Lee. She is a small blast who is ready to kick some ass in the underworld of crime of the metroCity. Can the two get along? Without killing each other first?
1103 ::: Monsters of Mulberry Street (2017) ::: crime ::: Mario Latena, (Franc Mitro) and the crew is young children who are interested in the crime. Mario Dreams Like True Gangs like Uncle, (Frida Laughter) Belowing Persons Subscribers, but to do this first to do the following terrorism first. To do in New York, "small Italian". Frank Montro Stars in, "Tot Berry Street.
1104 ::: The Man (2014/II) ::: crime ::: In this low budget independent feature film of 90 minutes (divided here on YouTube in two 45 -minute parts) included in New Jersey and New York, there are strange things that simmer under the calm facade of a typical city in the suburbs. A drug dealer, "The Man", who lives in a plants in the shady house on Boomstumpstrip, is drugs for the local youth, including a young man named Waldo Mcfadden. This is the starting point for a comedy of errors that arises in this creepy muscle pulling land of tortured souls, each entangled in their own mental machinations. Nobody gets what they want and not everyone survives to tell the story.
1105 ::: The Iron Cage (2017) ::: crime ::: Huang Sheng is unconscious to an iron cage. The captor asks Huang to explain the "case of Sarira Lost" that grabs the entire country. A year ago, Huang was an unknown security captain. It is called "detective" when it breaks the "case of Sarira Lost". As Huang Sheng continues, more and more truths arise: local property developers violently demolish, people do anything to get fame and people hide the truth for their own good. The film is a metaphor for the living conditions of the lower people. People are ignored and numb to protect traditional culture. The "Sarira" in the film also implies a lack of belief. The truth is slowly discredited. The film covers an old show of Chinese shadows and the Aria-Lao Qiang. Humanity is imprisoned in a cage. People are like controlled elevation puppets that cannot leave the human situation, nor can they leave the iron cage of life.
1106 ::: Tarot Killer (2011) ::: crime ::: When the CEO of the film production company is going to retire, the mover sleeps with her fast to get a job and dumps the front runner carla, he is also asleep. Carla takes a psycho to kill him and leave a tarot card on the body. Killer blackmail carla, so she killed his girlfriend. Police and two TE -tshyy detectives make mistakes to eventually fix the case.
1107 ::: "El hombre de la luna" (1996) ::: crime ::: Killing, mystical and mystery The story has all the ingredients of a classic suspense and more ... a beautiful girl is found in the moon valley with her throat cut, a homeless derelict is placing, passed, except her body. He is charged with her murder. Case closed. Or is he? An expatriate lawyer is called to defend the accused and the cast of the characters he encounters are very strange: Ch'Makani, or Man of the Dark, who can communicate with the dead "the beautiful girl of the dead girl, A beautiful old girl's sister of the dead girl, an American exchange student, exiled from his parents to Bolivia for computer hacking, the ex-lawyer's wife, and a mysterious woman. They all connect to a steamy, exciting and steamy story suspense
1108 ::: Jack Boyz (2016) ::: crime ::: "Jack Boyz" has taken place in a current urban environment and is the sandy story of an ambitious crew of stick-up men with a flawless record. Under the leadership of the wise and meticulous Salim, the gang follows a strictly regime of a week of cleaning and synergy for every robbery. By adhering to Salim's personally made approach to crime, unity develops a characteristic level of implementation and harmony that is unparalleled in street crime. But when a member of the team breaks discipline and violates an important principle, he endangers the reputation of his team and unknowingly helps the kidnapping of a vital lifeline; His own lover. With the integrity of the Jack Boyz now in question and an innocent life in his hands, Salim must decide whether he should bow and retain his own livelihood or prove that his exercises of discipline and harmony were not in vain.
1109 ::: The City Is Dark (2010) ::: crime ::: Having grown up quickly in the ethnic enclave of Boyle Heights, the Gangster Rudy Wright learns the streets of the street from the start. Developed in the paths of the crime, first by his father, then by the Jimmy Cadillac, partner of his father. Rudy will soon form a link with Chico, an American-Mexican ancestry gangster. Together, they form a criminal organization. Jimmy Cadillac, a gangster who worked for the famous Mickey Cohen. Acting as a consigliar or advisor to Rudy and his crew, they plot a takeover of Los Angeles. In this pot-coiler of a story, originally designed by Andrew Pressman, people are not what they seem. Rudy has full hands. He has a beautiful stripper girlfriend, an ex-girlfriend with a child from Rudy and an informer or two in his crew. Followed out by her girlfriend of childhood friends who works for the L.A.P.D. and an FBI agent determined to court him. The streets are dark and bleak. The city is dark. Growing up quickly in the ethnic enclave of Boyle Heights, California. Rudy Wright learns street tracks from the start. Developed in the manners of the crime first by his father, then by the close partner-Jimmy Cadillac. Rudy soon has a link with Chico, a Gangster colleague from American Mexican Ascension. Together, they form a criminal organization. Jimmy Cadillac is gathered with Rudy. Acting as a consiglie or advisor to Rudy and his criminal associates, they plot a takeover of Los Angeles. In this boil of a story, designed and written originally by Andrew Pressman, people are not what they seem. Rudy has full hands. He has a beautiful stripper girlfriend, an ex-girlfriend with a child from Rudy and an informer or two in his crew. Pursued by his girlfriend of childhood friends who works for the LAPD and an FBI agent determined to bring him to justice. The streets are dark and bleak. The city is dark.
1110 ::: Noshtta sreshtu 13-i (1961) ::: crime ::: Todor Primov - the royal army officer who changes the parties and goes to the guerrillas. After the war, graduates graduated and have been appointed manager of several construction projects. His car crashes on the eve of March 13. After restoration, Primov will continue its work. However, hidden information begins to leak from the projects and arises some serious accidents. Andrey, made by Tonor Primov in the party's department, will go to explore the causes. He knows that Tonor is blind, and this is a feature of the engineer. Andrey reaches the truth: Paravan Primov and Todor's twin brother crashed. That night he killed his brother and took his place ...
1111 ::: One Shot Sam (2006) ::: crime ::: This film follows one shot from Sam, performed by Donald G. Jackson, a Hollywood-based private investigator, California. He sends to his one-off partner, Lazlo Mauser, interpreted by Conrad Brooks, who had relocated to Akron, Ohio, in order to set up cases based in rock music of the country of the 1970s.
1112 ::: Kill the Irishman (2017) ::: crime ::: When his bride is killed by the mafia himself who called a family, Irish gangster Conor O'Callahan escapes Ireland in an attempt to escape his pain memories. Now living in Canada almost two years later, heavy drinks, chain smoking killer is caught again in an organized crime life. After a young prostitute steals a small fortune from the mob, in the hands of Conor and his men to locate it, but will he really be able to end the life of the poor girls? Or this will be his chance to finally do something good, for once.
1113 ::: The Last Enemy (????) ::: crime ::: The socially awkward introvert is found to be murdered by a high -level family in his best friend Dixi Mafia. After stealing large quantities of money from them, he tries to kill the responsible people, while the family deals with their own internal confusion.
1114 ::: Live and Let Live (1921) ::: crime ::: During a train trip, Mary Ryan enters her old girlfriend Jane Loomis. Mary was once a professional thief but is now reformed. Jane tells her that her uncle, Judge Loomis, invited her to live with him and his family, but that she plans to meet her boyfriend instead. When the train arrives in the city where the judge comes to live, Mary leaves and passes herself as Jane. The complications are made.
1115 ::: Studers erster Fall (2001) ::: crime ::: Detective Claudia Study (Judith Hoffman) is thrilled and filled with good intentions when she starts her new job in the homeside team. But his observer (Stephen Huber) is a angry and disillusionment person who has very little opinion about the newbies, especially if they are female detectives. The first case takes the uneven pair to the "Smarfeld" Institute of Psychiatry. The director of the institute was found dead and a patient disappeared. Initially, it seems like an unexpected case that becomes a complex puzzle. Curious and curious for action, Claudia Steder cures himself an unfamiliar and menacing world with the line between purity and insanity is extremely blurred. With intelligence, sensitivity and patience, she manages to convince her observer of her unconventional methods and eventually resolves the crime. Frederick Glosser's novel is based on otmatto regiertť.
1116 ::: Born from the Foot (2009) ::: crime ::: According to the Ramayana they were born from the foot of the creator, Brahma, the four led by God. Barney, sleazy waitress with gambling debts, Bobby, Hidden Voyeur Cam and 'producer Indy'film, Andy, Intellectual Ersatz and master manipulator, and McDuffie, Mousy, Smooth Bean Counter Share Their current incarnation in their current incarnation-expelled from its waitressing work and facing the unsuitable prospect of failing on its gaming debts, Barney takes task as a nanny at McDuffie's home. Flimsy gamble, a minor sheds their lives in an unexpected spin and brings everyone's true colors to the face. The McDuffie counter-beans, which Barney thinks he or is a suburban machiavells that portrays his own destiny? Andy and Bobby remain friends or turn against her because of the shares involved? Animated by lust, anger, avarice, passion, false pride and cheating that each pursuing their goals lacking morals. They were cruel and bad humans in a life of the past. Are they different this time? Born from the foot is a demanding examination of the base stock and the permutations and combinations of their Tamasic acts.
1117 ::: Kein Zurück - Studers neuster Fall (2007) ::: crime ::: Detective Claudia Steoder (Judith Hoffman) is excited and full of good goals when he starts his new job in the murder team. But his supervisor (Stephen Huber) is a frustrated man who seems to have a very low view of newcomers, especially if they are a female detective. The first one takes the different pair to the "Sommerfeld" institute. The manager of the dead institute was found and the patient disappeared. What seems to be a relatively indescribable case at first is a sophisticated puzzle. The curious and eagerly acted coloded, the Curious and eager action of action encounters an unfamiliar and threatening world in which the line between reason and madness is very ambiguous. With humor, sensitivity and patience succeeds in persuading his supervisor to his unconventional methods and ultimately solve the crime. Based on the novel of Friedrich Glauser ťmatto regiertť.
1118 ::: "Sledaki" (2011) ::: crime ::: Research division (SLEDAKI) looks like an ordinary police department ... A whole series of unsolved things, relationships within the department are not easy ... But as a result of teamwork, care and compassion with each other, all problems overcome and they unload all together Problems on.
1119 ::: Jack Taylor: Purgatory (2016) ::: crime ::: Jack and Dallag are hired by a large software company and find out who steals valuable game data from the company. Jack likes the main suspect, but when she is killed, Jack swears to defeat him and defeat him.
1120 ::: Fifteen (2012) ::: crime ::: David of 22 movie editors. He is educated, his family is rich and boring. Then he meets Sean ... the change in life is irreversible. He is drawn into cocaine, which is supplied to the underground world of crime, violence, and murder. David has to stop a terrible event before his world is destroyed. But is his path already disturbed and ahead by dangerous Allen?
1121 ::: Nightmare Christmas (2012) ::: crime ::: It's a funny view of Christmas crimes. The night's amazing Christmas looks stabbing her breasts for opening her breasts for five days early. Two greedy grinches with amazing events of a man who stole a church donation and a special robe stole in Christmas mass.
1122 ::: The Skyjacker (2008) ::: crime ::: A true story. North-West, 1970. Plans to change their lives. He needs money, so he sits on a plane with a suitcase. It claims that there is a bomb and demands a payment. Tobacco and Burbon will help him to stay in nervous control. Unfortunately, it will meet young stewas and lose the situation.
1123 ::: Eu Matei Lúcio Flávio (1979) ::: crime ::: The life of the Brazilian police officer Mariel Mariscot, who belonged to the police elite until his accused of corruption, and to be the leader of a group of police officers who killed outlaws without appropriate judgment, The so-called "Esquadrăo Da dead" (Death Squad). In the early 1970s in Rio de Janeiro, the detective Mariel Mortyscötte de Mattos belonged to a special police force called "The Golden Men". This powerful group of the police elite was created with the intention of eliminating the crime of Rio de Janeiro, and they had privileges above the law to accelerate their action against outlaws. However, absolute power in bad hands is corrupted, and this group formed the "Squad of Death", executing criminals without the conventional trial of justice. "EU Matei Lúcio Flávio" is a manipulative film on the life of Mariel MORSCOMTTE, one of the best known "Golden Man".
1124 ::: Penitentiary Chances (1998) ::: crime ::: Preaching the bold action for the hit of the "Veterano" cult. The low -budget Indie film that began the genre of the urban film. Follow two housewives ready to get "punished chances" to get out of Barrio working for a couple of racist drug dealers. Make a trip to an underground Most people don't get to see-where deals go bad and take great risks to survival!
1125 ::: The Avenue (2017/II) ::: crime ::: Giancarlo "Eddie" Marturano, a Down -and -out player in the world that he created for himself. Like his adopted home in Atlantic City, Eddie is beaten on one knee and struggles to rise again on her feet. His only salvation is his beloved Sandra and her hope for a better future. If he and his crime partner, Christian Flynn, stumble into the deal of her life, will it finally be your street outside the city?
1126 ::: When London Sleeps (1932) ::: crime ::: Slippery Rodney Haines runs a high -class gambling joint in Hampstead, while elsewhere in the London Lambertis trade fair for the less deduction on the last legs. The only connection between them seems to be Tommy Blyth, whose bets brought him to serious debts with Haines and the Mary, the adopted daughter of the Lamberti. In fact, there is another unexpected connection between the two worlds.
1127 ::: A Questionable Protagonist (????) ::: crime ::: The city of Los Angeles is divided into two zones: rich and poor. The crimes in the poor zone are maximum. Former Navy Seal Kyle H. The drunk was washing cat living in the Homes rich zone, he's face to the African war campaign. After knowing that Kyle was killing all those who caused crimes in the poor zone after entering the poor zone, it turns out to be a new source of killing, gang members, rapists and drug dealers, adrenaline and a new resource of Kyle, including enemies, including enemies, including enemies. , Cocaine n cocoa pops. A modern apricot divides the city of Los Angeles into two zones. Partition is between prosperity and poverty; The crime is maximized. Former Navy Seal, Kyle H. Homes find himself on the poor side of the town after a washed playboy millionaire, Kyle lost a day; He witnesses rape and uses his special skills to kill rapist. Bored with life, Kyle to return to the poor side of the town and kill those who cause it; All of this challenge the most frightened crime and drugs, Lord cocaine en cocoa pops and corruption law enforcement.
1128 ::: The Rat (1925) ::: crime ::: When bored etiquette Zelie de Chamet begs her lover, corrupt and powerful status, to slum her, the pair Pierre Baucaran, aka 'The Rat', Paris Underworld's boy-king and innocent Odile Facing Love, life and jewelry are at risk and are lost in this powerful romantic melodrama because the life of four characters is replaced by this opportunity encounter forever.
1129 ::: Neighbourhood (????) ::: crime ::: In 1985, the sons of the London and Cyprus tailor and his unhappy gang gangs are the stolen trucks that reveal their guns in the glove box and reveal a large wooden frame on their backs. Make on the street.
1130 ::: "Bum Rush" (2016) ::: crime ::: The story of friendship, love, money, betrayal and violence .... debt. Germain Lawson returned to his old neighborhood as a secret police, swearing in to remove the local drug Shada Kingepin! But he did not know that his best friend J Rock was in a row and now he was running objects .... Will Debt. Lawson respects the badge or his family.
1131 ::: Qui pro quo (2012) ::: crime ::: Ben can't only be what happens to him. Things just don't make no sense. Who is this stranger that looks like him? Why can anyone read his apartment? Is someone following him? Do they want him or anyone else? And the most important, who can he trust? His friends? His roommate? His ex girlfriend? The more bannar, deeply deeply, as long as everything is confused. Each response raises the new question.
1132 ::: Kommissar Dupin - Bretonische Flut (2017) ::: crime ::: The book and the locations are two murders in the fishing business in the extreme west of Brittany in the Bay of Douarneez. A fishing woman can be found with her neck slot next to the fish auction hall in Douarnenz. Just like Commissaire Dupin and his team to ask locals, the small island will report a second murder by the small island. The first victim from there was known for her sustainable opinions and her opposition to the local fishing magazine. The second victim is a biologist who has recently moved there. She was busy studying the dolphins in Iroise Maritime Nature Park.
1133 ::: The Gun Run (????) ::: crime ::: Gun, a firearm, but with knowledge, and his temperament partner, Bully, earn a living life by selling firearms at Shady motels. Throughout their day, they encounter all kinds of unusual clientele, which includes a serial killer, secret police and much more. The story follows the duo in their last gun race, as they withdraw all over the city, checking their list.
1134 ::: Miami Uncovered (????) ::: crime ::: In search of the Frozen Audit Luxury, looking for scientific research lawyers to Luxury, Miami Fire, Meshrahi, Miami Dors, Meshrahi Miami's Cereals Based on the world of real events and in the world with the scene of some very beautiful location and unusual conditions, and the story to do this from other friends, customer customer movies produced. Dara Lir Curler is that his senior friend is always looking for her. It has never been a real story before, including the police. Running.
1135 ::: Murder at the Presidio (2005) ::: crime ::: Depending on a good story only about killing the San Francisco soldiers. The investigator of the army is too much to get his orders to get into a similar stuff to steal. What he might do to make the body not harmful.
1136 ::: Born from the Foot (2009) ::: crime ::: According to the Ramaya's feet of the Creator's feet, Rieth, the head of the God. Barney, the payer of gambling, Bobby, an actor's acty, in McDilz, unable, unable, without power. Dismissed with visual activity and facing negative gambling and gambling paid, barney takes a job like Nanny McDuFfie. The yellow, gambling, gambling come from their unexpected life and brings good color above. Is my McDuffie The Internet, infirmly caused by Barney and think that it will be or that is it that he is that he is that he is he is the case of his future? Andy and Bobby will be his friends or turn to the tree to it? By passion, anger, great, sexual abuse and tricks of each person. They are evil and the wicked in the past life. Although they are different at this time? Born from the leg is analysis of the products and other factors in the combination of taasis.
1137 ::: Pollen (2016/II) ::: crime ::: A scientist that slows down aging is a little difficulties by providing drugs with drugs. Drug sellers not warn - when the shipment is less, never let your scientist send something "a whip of something". You never know what they say. Hustler Bob, and his eyebrows, red, red. After the return of the scientist, the scientist gave up to a quarter, Leche, Lehe, Lehe, he and his neighbors and Carla till the evening. At the same time, tensions between Bob and red plants die, people die, everyone will be interesting, as they say, as they say, as they say they hit the fan.
1138 ::: Hastings Street (2014) ::: crime ::: Charlie just got out of jail. The only thing does he know for sure? He does not go back. The only place he knows? Hastings Street. After a three -year tenure, someone has his OW, but Charlie is now between her friends and many. As he tries to be straight and narrow, he falls for a beautiful and troubled woman melody. Charlie knows that she has to get out of a criminal life and she has to take a melody with her. Broken and out of options, he has no choice but to take the last job with his old gang. One last piece and it's out, or so he thinks. As the odds begin to stack, Charlie's true character is tested. Not all or nothing. Live or die.
1139 ::: "Mandrake" (2005) ::: crime ::: With Rio de Janeiro, Brazil as a history, Mandrake works in the city as a lawyer who resolves most cases in an unorthodox way. He is a passionate man who admires and loves women. Mandrake joins his partner Wexler and a friend who works in the police department to resolve his cases.
1140 ::: Les sources assassines (2017) ::: crime ::: In a thermal town named La Bourboul, a man has died and killed with poison. His ex-girlfriend, Iren, has a significant stock of the Chief-Doctor of Thermal Baths, an important stock of Inal Shada Arsenic, which may be the murder weapon. She was involved in this crime and was arrested. Called to protect, her daughter Fanny, the young captain in the crime department of Paris, has not seen her for years, her mother tries to prove innocence and find the truth. Amidst love interests, business advantages and revenge, the investigation of funny goes ahead with her Ever torture, making her find her own family secrets.
1141 ::: The Gentle Trap (1960) ::: crime ::: In his first robbery, a lock finds himself on the run after his completion goes down from another band of thugs after the pull. Realizing that his girlfriend shared double for a nightclub owner Seedy, the boy ends up with a loot in an apartment above a footage hiding out of both police and crooks. But the girls who live there appear to be as trusted as their own bird.
1142 ::: Goodnight, Charlene (2017) ::: crime ::: Good night, challenie Germany fiction / thermother is determined in the city of Luxes Sympathy. A local mechanics is in the war of his life when his two time lady and her boyfriend covered with the corruption and local law for the city and local law.
1143 ::: Yokohama Ankokugai Kikyou (2008) ::: crime ::: Yokohama is a dark world that is controlled by drugs and gangs. Ryuichi Todo and Kanji Gojyo from the local Yakuza group todo-gumi in Jinto Kai are the last who live with their former leader. They kept their traditional Yakuza culture based on the heart of the obligation, but time has changed and the relationship between them has gradually changed. Yasuo Kuki in Goshiro-Gumi schemes with his strong knowledge of the business, while Kasai-Gumi is trying to control Yokohama when the opportunities increase. A young man who became a Yakuza who was influenced by the Yakuza mentality of Goshiro further irritated his soul when he hits Todo. What will he see in the violent world?
1144 ::: Kein Zurück - Studers neuster Fall (2007) ::: crime ::: Detective Claudia Studer (Judith Hoffman) is full of thrilled and good intentions when he launched its new job on the Homeside Squad. But there is a grumpy and illusory person who is a supervisor (Stephen Huber), who has very little impression about the beginners, especially if they are female detectives. The first case takes a different couple to the "Somerfeld" Psychiatric Institute. The Director of the Institute found dead and the patient disappeared. What looks like an unprecedented case becomes a complex puzzle. Interested in research and action, the Claudia Studer faces himself with an unknown and terrible world in which the line between intellect and insanity is very obscure. With intellect, tenderness and patience she manages to persuade her abnormal methods to persuade her to persuade and eventually solve the crime. Based on the novel ťMATTO regiertť of Frederick Glazer.
1145 ::: The Hangman Waits (1947) ::: crime ::: The Hangmen Weights - This 1947 semi -documentary style feature shot of the news of the World Press, the story of attempts to catch many terrible murders. The lovely film produced by Five Star Films at Viking Studios Kensington using Press and Movie Media. News of the World Printing Plant and good historical scenes of the Victoria station.
1146 ::: Shaft 6 (2018) ::: crime ::: Shaft 6 Carleton, 2006. The small mining town is shaken by the opening of a corpse in the scandalous shaft 6. The mystery surrounds the motive, but another dead miner is a reminder of how little has changed in democracy. The city is on the edge and people want answers. The striking miners barricade the entrance to the mine and refuse to allow anyone in the complex to leave before their requests are fulfilled. Sergeant Bo Mazibuko, a respected police officer and team leader in the riots, was sent to distribute the situation. In the back of his mind, he finds that he is drawn to the case. Detective Heinrich Theron, a rebel with a cause, is fighting to remain a point in the case. The police captain is concerned about his relationship with Mina's boss. Johan Theron, his father, has ruled the mine for many years, passed on from generation to generation; There will be no city without it. However, when Johan arrives at Bo's house to call a personal debt, it becomes clear that the body is set to solve things that both men would prefer to forget.
1147 ::: "Loose Ends" (2014) ::: crime ::: Darkness dark about life makes a single member of their customers.
1148 ::: Big Bang Kiss (2005) ::: crime ::: In Amsterdam, three Yugoslav partner design to fulfill the final stage of the agreement, but the obligation is not fulfilled because their unit is broken. Before the mysterious, Mr. Branko and Zeka, Mr. Branko and Zeka, admires with the incoming of the American actress
1149 ::: Iris 2: The Movie (2013) ::: crime ::: Three years after the tragic death of a secret agent by the terrorist group Iris, team leader Junhan is looking for a detective Yu -Gun to help defeat illegal weapons. Immediately, YOO-GUN works with Agent Soo Yeon, who loved her from a young man. Together, they lived to stop the iris once.
1150 ::: "Murder by Numbers" (2017) ::: crime ::: Firefighters find the bodies of Robert and Dorothy Pope's bullets while answering a call about the smoke coming out of a garage, in which they find a truck on fire; Later, police realize that the melted truck does not belong to the homeowners.
1151 ::: Send for Paul Temple (1946) ::: crime ::: This is the first movie based on the long series of longtime BBC radio by Francis Durbridge. A gang has executed a daring series of Smash and Grab flights. A police officer on the case seems to commit suicide, but the crime novelist and amateur detector, Paul Temple, suspects an unfair game. With the help of the victim's sister, journalist Louise Harvey (who uses the pseudonym Steve Trent "), Paul maintains the withdrawal of notorious diamond thieves ...
1152 ::: "Live PD: Police Patrol" (2017) ::: crime ::: PD PD: Patrol without reporting stories bringing the artists that often lead to the law enforcers doing the American movies. Every event makes the life of Sherif a day out, police in the police department in different communications. By drugs preventing prostitution, stealing cars, or small traffic damage, or small damage to the police and the normal.
1153 ::: Shaft 6 (2018) ::: crime ::: Shaft 6 Carlton, 2006. The Kleine Mijnstad is startled by the discovery of a corpse in the infamous shaft 6. Mystery surrounds the motif, but another dead miner reminds how little has changed in democracy. The city is on sharp and the people want to answer. Striking miners barricade the entrance to the mine and refuse to let everyone leave in the complex before their requirements are met. Sergeant Bo Mazibuko, a respected police officer and team leader in the Riot Squad, is submitted to distribute the situation. In the back of his head he is attracted to the case. Detective Heinrich Theron, a rebel with a case, fights to stay in the case. The police captain is worried about his relationship with the mine boss. Johan Theron, his father, has passed the mine, passed from generation to generation for many years; There would be no city without. However, when Johan arrives at Bo's house to call in a personal debt, it becomes clear that the body is set to unravel things that both men would rather forget.
1154 ::: Shaft 6 (2018) ::: crime ::: Shaft 6 Carleton, 2006. The small mining town is shaken by the opening of a corpse in the scandalous shaft 6. The mystery surrounds the motive, but another dead miner is a reminder of how little has changed in democracy. The city is on the edge and people want answers. The striking miners barricade the entrance to the mine and refuse to allow anyone in the complex to leave before their requests are fulfilled. Sergeant Bo Mazibuko, a respected police officer and team leader in the riots, was sent to distribute the situation. In the back of his mind, he finds that he is drawn to the case. Detective Heinrich Theron, a rebel with a cause, is fighting to remain a point in the case. The police captain is concerned about his relationship with Mina's boss. Johan Theron, his father, has ruled the mine for many years, passed on from generation to generation; There will be no city without it. However, when Johan arrives at Bo's house to call a personal debt, it becomes clear that the body is set to solve things that both men would prefer to forget.
1155 ::: Animal Black Ops: Kenya (2016) ::: crime ::: U.S. fish wildlife services have special units. Law execution organization. 261 special agents are proud. There is even a unique forensic research institute that supports international investigations of wildlife crimes. In the past five years, it has been revealed in the past five years that many of the world's terrorist attacks have been funded by cash generated from animal poaching. This series is a story of their investigations because the offices of the law enforcement are fighting against the world's most rich and most determined wildlife criminals. Furthermore, President Barak Obama is now expanding the battle to a non -American territory. Last year, at the Presidential Order, he committed funding and armed teams to the United States to counterattack an animal poacher. This series is the story of the battle.
1156 ::: Youngstown: The True Story of Amil Dinsio (????) ::: crime ::: He sits in a small, non-line bank, sitting in a non-linear bank, lined up hills in Nigel in Nigels in Nonlinent Bank-Orange. But in his warehouses there was a secret of depth: millions of dollars, which belong to the money received by millions of dollars, President Richard Nixon. The stolen funds will not remain nixon for a long time. On March 24, 1972, the crew of banks from Ogtestrun, starting from Ohio Ohio, which is more than twelve million dollars from the last day - this is S.S. This book tells you a wonderful real story of this steal, he plans it, he planned to: Amil Dinsio, the most successful and expensive carcan, one of the steals in the 1960s and 70s. Dinio not only about the crime, but also the perfect robbery with FBI dirt tricks.
1157 ::: O Anjo Nasceu (1969) ::: crime ::: Ultiga and Santamaria are both average, mania and cold blood murderers. Santamaria claimed that he saw an angel, and was very spiritual. They escaped from the siege in a hill and hide in a discrete house. When the owner comes with two friends, they can kill the man and submit to many insults before killing two women. On the way to another place, they leave the sidewalk of the blood, and the coward is hanging many people.
1158 ::: Aliosa (1999) ::: crime ::: A young professional murderer of the former Soviet Union, Aliosha, is commissioned to score a goal in Athens. He comes to Greece to kill Lampros, but is accidentally arrested on a police. A Greek singer from Russia, Elena, is looking for her lost son. Although she saw Aliosha the moment he climbed from the Lampros office, she covers him with her silence. Aliosha's patron who are afraid of being exposed, decide to remove him while the police constantly observed him because the head of the investigation never believed in his innocence.
1159 ::: The Skyjacker (2008) ::: crime ::: A true story. Northwest, 1970s. A loner plans to change his life. He needs money so that he can get on a plane with a suitcase. He claims that there is a bomb inside and a ransom demands. Cigarettes and bourbon help him keep nerves under control. Unfortunately, he hits a young stewardess and loses control of the situation.
1160 ::: Fjällbackamorden: Vänner för livet (2013) ::: crime ::: The successful detective writer, Erica Falck, is thinking that her next book should be based on a truly mysterious event from her childhood. When she was only 13, one of her beloved friends and classmate Peter rode on a bus and then disappeared. Erica has not been able to release the tragic event and her first meeting with a real mystery. As she begins to dig deeper into what really happened to Peter, she looks like she has woken up a sleeping beast. When Erica's only connection to Peter, his brother Ivan, who is on his way to see him, with a knife and kills her mission is done not only to solve the mystery for Peter but also to discover who killed Ivan. During a High School reunion celebration heat is built when Tina, the enigmatic sister of Peter and Ivan, suddenly appears and later on the celebration was committed another murder that leads Eric closer to the truth about what happened to Peter -it missing.
1161 ::: "Desperate Measures" (2013) ::: crime ::: Despair is a force that is so powerful that it encourages us to do everything we can to get to the top. When we deteriorate in a corner, our animal instincts and seemingly raised citizens are driven to commit incredibly reckless and dangerous acts.
1162 ::: Whitefolks (2017) ::: crime ::: Two artists united by Agoikago's Southside decide to play rocks cone in a non -suspected jewelry store owned, called Simon Balagula. After discovering that South African red diamonds are fake, Simon has a severe heart attack. While fate would have that ballagula turns out to be the uncle of the Russian mafia captain called Vor Brigadier. Fearing the 14-day murder contract on his head, the Constantist makes an escape to Atlanta hoping to hide. But when Vor sends the Sadist Butcherknife Brown sex killer south to serve the hit, their abilities are really tested in a deadly hurry to pay $ 2 million in return. Fear and consequences of dormitory life have been explored when two artists from the south of Agoikagos promote Russian mafia. Their skills on the road are tested when they are given 14 days to pay $ 2 million in return.
1163 ::: "Vennori: Murdered - Soul Suspect" (2014) ::: crime ::: Ronan O'Connor will be killed with cruel and distressed killers. Ronan returns as a ghost and does not calm down until he was killed. By finding his killer, Ronan also witnessed Ronan's death, but can see and talk to ghosts (including Ronan).
1164 ::: The Million Dollar Collar (1929) ::: crime ::: Bill Holmes (Matty Kemp) saves Rinty (Rin-Tin-Tin) with a car wreck without realizing that there is a $ 50,000 stolen diamond necklace hidden in the dog's necklace. He discovers this fact when he falls into the hands of a criminal gang. Mary French (Evelyn Pierce), a member of the gang but sick of all this, and laughs help her escape, and with the money of reward, young lovers begin their honeymoon.
1165 ::: "Hustle in Full" (2015) ::: crime ::: A young King pin strives to create an empire of corruption and regain its respect. While dealing with the revenge of his former right trader from stopping a drop. He faces the consequences of his drug trade before him.
1166 ::: Jack Taylor: The Dramatist (2013) ::: crime ::: A student dies from a fall from the surface of the university. She wears the theater uniform and wears a paper with a quote from the play "Deirdre of the Sorrows" written inside it. When the drugs are found in the blood of the young woman, the police assume suicide as a cause of death. The professor of literature, the dead student, believes that his student has been killed and asked for help from Jack. Jack and Cody attend the case. He pretends to be a student investigating the university at the university and discovering the dark secrets behind the interface that he sees at the university. When another student disappears in literature first, then Jack and Jarda Kate Nonan are found who started alone to follow the clues to the concentration of the killer ...
1167 ::: Calles sangrientas (1990) ::: crime ::: Gang moves Mexican movie is a two-fighting game for their territory, respecting their glory. The red-colored people. They do not respect Father, women or children. Spikes, Hamars, Beauty and gun due to their goals. Bad.
1168 ::: Salin blues (1968) ::: crime ::: Jeong-Hie is a North Korean spy working in a high-class nightclub in Tokyo. There she seduces members of the Korean Federation for information. Then, to protect her identity, she makes sure her victims meet a 'accident' form
1169 ::: "A Blind Eye" (2017) ::: crime ::: Blind eyes play a young woman, jasmine, Chicago police department with toys, detective Matt Cole, which is hot for advertising. It suggests his mental activity to manage it and collide with the ways, mobs and care for his partner.
1170 ::: The Last Hour (1923) ::: crime ::: River McCall, an infamous fake, ran from the police with his daughter Cyedi. He asks for help with his friend, a former criminal named Steve Klein. Klein, his brother, was killed by William Mallori, and the Detective Chasing McCall agreed. Many years later, while working as a nurse during the war, Cydie, the son of her state governor, falls in love with Phil Logan. After the war, Mallori, now a big shot in state politics and the governor. Mallori invented Cydie's identity and demanded that she marry him instead of being quiet about her past. Problems can occur.
1171 ::: Khozyain taygi (1969) ::: crime ::: After the robbery of the store, Detective Snazekin suspects that one of the drooling people working at a lumber factory will be suspected. Start a spiritual duel among the two strong personality.
1172 ::: EXCELLENT AUDITIONING ACTORS FROM FIGURANT OR AMATEURS (2014) ::: crime ::: The excellent audition actors of figures or amateurs are a Chinese movie directed by Yangxinlei/X.L.Yang, shown in October 2014, which is both a documentary and fantastic movie to express a real current situation in the movie and the television range of China. The film is a real reproduction of tens of thousands of extras, unprofessional actors in pursuing their artistic ideals and the continuous struggle of the unbreakable will to praise those who love film and television arts, in particular the performance of the dreamer's dedication. The film was filmed up to four years, removed in Beijing, Sichuan and New York, a total of 12,820 people filmed or filmed performances that can be described as the most popular Chinese film actor in the history of a work. This work of art is among the documentary and feature films, the director of which the pursuit of a true, natural and realistic style of new realism, to give up the artificial and vain floating ornaments to show the original ecology of the main film "Animal Situation" - Recruitment.
1173 ::: "Blue Steele" (2017) ::: crime ::: Blue Steele only examines Vancouver's mass wave so that his friends are really his enemies. In these 6 -part websites written and directed by Wallaskz, we cover crime and murder, lies and corruption by those who serve it.
1174 ::: "Policie Modrava" (2015) ::: crime ::: The criminal television show, which is the mosaic of individual criminal cases, is among the citizens of the Somawa Mountains. The main character of this story is Jana Vinica's criminal scholar who comes to the police station in the Kasperské Mountains from Pilson's urban environment for personal reasons. Here he becomes the head of the department. His experience and status give his colleagues an opportunity to solve individual criminal cases.
1175 ::: Gang Busters (1942) ::: crime ::: Detective Lt.bill Bannister has a mission to run through unknown terrorist gangs that spread crime nets in cities. He supports Tim Nolan, News photographer Vicky Logan, and Reporter Happy Huskins. The building has found that the gang leader is a mysterious Professor Mortis, and that the gang is a known criminal officially listed in the police record. After each seeming to have committed suicide in the death row prisoner, he became a member of Mortis's "Killing Male League". Eventually, the building survived with the airplane CRASH drop, then dynamic, reduced well and other nuisance, and tracked gangs into a hideaway. A cell under the city subway and a mysterious house in the suburbs.
1176 ::: Gesucht wird Majora (1949) ::: crime ::: The discoveror and patent holder of a synthetic fiber by the name of Majora, dies in captivity, but he previously asked his raw blohm and Prack notify the Majora formula store after the war of his wife. Next criminal hatz develops after the precious formula.
1177 ::: 'Til Death Do Us Part (2014) ::: crime ::: The wife of the wife of the Kingdom Judge of MaembbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbBBBBBBBBBBbala was Macecbela. However, in June 2009, he was found dead in his marine points. Soon, his wife, elegant and stylish tandi McBual was arrested. A sensational court that holds what national topics. This documentary films study the crime of passion. The wife of the wife of the Kingdom Judge of MaembbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbBBBBBBBBBBbala was Macecbela. However, in June 2009, he was found dead in his marine points. Soon, his wife, elegant and stylish tandi McBual was arrested.
1178 ::: "Mandrake" (2005) ::: crime ::: With Rio de Janeiro, Brazil as a background, Mandrake works in the city as a lawyer who solves most cases in a non -odox way. He is a passionate man who admires and loves women. Mandrake teams with his partner Wexler and a friend who works in the police department to resolve his issues.
1179 ::: "Titeres" (2019) ::: crime ::: Using the necessary means, the leaders of the young drug seller and their notorious leaders appear in the basement under Puerto Rico, navigating the continuous impact of music, money, power, and violence. Incidentally, the world is exposed within the collapsed Narco state.
1180 ::: TrapMan (2015/I) ::: crime ::: The name of a young "Marcus" (Lilmariosantana) feels that life kicks him in his teeth when he finds it difficult to be a drug dealer, also known as ("trapman") and knows that it is not very easy to get out of the drug game And his nephew "Darnell" (Javon, Lilmoney) who also enters a crime life follows his uncle's steps ... Prodigys de Mdk decided to write a film starring Lilmariosantana, Locomillion, Natty Boya, Young Tay, Javon and more . - History shows how a young teenager tries street.
1181 ::: The Last Hour (1923) ::: crime ::: A notorious Forger, Rever McCall, is running away from the police with his daughter Sand. He asks his friend, a former criminal named Steve Clyn, for help. Cline, whose brother was killed by William Malori, is a Detective Chasing McCall. Many years later, while serving as a nurse during the war, Sad falls in love with Phil Logan, a patient who is also the son of his kingdom governor. After the melori of war, now a big shot in state politics gives a feast for the governor. Malori discovers Sad's identity and demands that he marry him in exchange for being silent about his past. Ensure complications.
1182 ::: Youngstown: The True Story of Amil Dinsio (????) ::: crime ::: Millions of dollars seated in a non-wrong bank in the quiet city of Laguna Nigula and Orange County. But in the middle of it is secret: millions of dollars without the amount of money no one more than the President Richard Nixon. The money steals will not last nixon long. Within the weeks 24, 1972, the trips of the bank, which would eventually produce the measurement of over 1200 million - the banks of the bank well with U.S. This document tells a remarkable story of the robber, which makes a good plan: one of the best traits and thieves in the 1960 and 76s. Densi is revealing not only a technical description of the crime, but also cheater fbi is perfect.
1183 ::: Sanai meotgin ibyeol (1971) ::: crime ::: On the way to asking money from his stingy uncle, Seong-Min Han meets. Han has a plan in which you can kill the old man for the money instead, but Seong-Min does not know that Han has already killed the uncle and is looking for someone who takes blame.
1184 ::: Mr. Lockjaw (2015) ::: crime ::: Mr. Lacwaaw is created by Justin Krag and by the Bonn Kamir Guard. Finding the hole in the Gaworer, Georgia, miles of deep and deeply, miles but no choice but no other way to gave a dangerous desire. The flames of hopes look for him for him to help the drug juice with a child's jungle mile of her childhood pain. Miles and the status of the balavaistic status is complicated due to their one-time employer Empire that once a strong employer, HU Baldus Huckleni; His first in the command of Hither Stanley; And a black ethnic police officer, another Lenulian. If this is not enough to kill by English gymi, the secret case is entering the murder case as a campaign ... or should it be Mr. Lapwoo? There are two aspects to each story, and Mr. Lacave it works verbal. Children's entertainment during the day, ventilesses mail attached to the world for the world of the modern world for the criminal world. Dr. Jakiel and Mr. Drunk with a leader character seller, struggling between moisture and darkness. Just more than a drama of crime, it raises final human being: which one side really is you? It's a man's story that includes the murder, murder, criminal activity and corruption, the simple enjoyment of life is looking for a lot of life. His struggle is the great puppet of the life of his environmental life, enemies of his environment. Filled with a dry intellect and gib-powered, but not a modern in each cad, but also suffer the most major aspect of our existence, while still highlighting our existence. Mr. Lakwawao uses equity to the realistic area of ​​realism that cannot be carried out in a very fast exhibition. More ordinary characters stand for audience such as increasing observers on increasing tendency of the face of Mr. Lacave. Each part of a solar moon offers a solar murder, ignorant hangs, and the houses in the noise of the deduction that can only come out of the mouth of the discount. In the so-sided world, Mr. Lacwa is locking both sides of two sides of the twice.
1185 ::: Dushmano Ka Dushman (1984) ::: crime ::: Sita is a middle class lifestyle in India. After her sister died, she promised to take care of NE, and Raju landed and restarted there as a distant VIJAYPUR rule teacher. A man named Chandol tries to abuse her via a train, but she refuses him and tries to waste women's compartment seats. Gunman gets off at the next stop, leaves the shaking Sita alone, and admits to the police that she is a witness and can identify the perpetrator. When she arrives in Vijay Pool, she is in charge and beats the precocious child, Showa. When she was introduced to Mano Halt, a new employer, the owner of Nandiniastate, she was shocked and realized that he was a murderer. He recognizes her and hinders her from letting her know to Mercy Inspiers. When she claims to go to the police, Manohal will accompany her, but if she identifies him, Raju warns her that she will be killed by his subordinates. Theta tells Mercy that the murderer cannot be identified. Police are suspicious and begin to suspect that she killed Chandol. They lifate her fingerprint and notice that it matches the gun. Do you have any question about what Sita does after she is arrested?
1186 ::: "Khozyayka taygi" (2009) ::: crime ::: Vasilissa Gromova, keeper of a forest reserve, and Konstantin Voyevodin, former Navy, by a pure accident witness a murder organized by the local Mafia group. They are hunted by both the Mafia and the police and accidentally get some knowledge of the shadow schedules of high -ranking local corrupt officials. Two honest people wage their own war against crime and corruption. Will they win?
1187 ::: "The D Matzzis" (2016) ::: crime ::: D Matzzis, torn with secrets and lies. Jane Darnic Jane Dzane Dzhein Dzane Dzane Dzane Dzane Dzhein Dzane Dzheynszzzi, he protects the widowed gelm. Their grandmother and the Mob-boss, taking into account the desire of Bass Eve's aspiration to him, need to wear through teenagers and blonders so that Jane will build children to explode.
1188 ::: Ultus and the Three-Button Mystery (1917) ::: crime ::: With the bold escape from Old Old Bailey, Ultus is involved in the case of the cabinet's kidnapping by a foreign power agents, with the help of Dick's loyal assistant and star Elsi Moridite. But Elsi's role is not that he is quite what he expects ...
1189 ::: "Last Mile" (2017) ::: crime ::: A young doctor is chosen to work in a private hospital, only chosen to know that there are only half of the work done in the institution to take care of patients. Behind the closed doors, the best group of doctors conducts a dangerous, innovative and moral survey based on research - both intrigues and scary. - But what do none of them know, because the FBI agent examines the horrible murder, which eventually leads it to the heart of the program.
1190 ::: Trio (2003) ::: crime ::: Three people in the cabin of an 18-wheeler: Alexei the driver, his partner Nikolai and Marina, a prostitute they got on their way. Or so it seems ... In fact, all three police detectives are. Their task: to discover a gang that has robbed long -distance cars.
1191 ::: A Questionable Protagonist (????) ::: crime ::: The city of Los Angeles is highly divided into two zones: rich and poor. Crime is in its peak in the poor area. Former print Kyle H. Holmes is washed drunk, living in the rich area, he was the face of the African War campaign. After encouning the poor zone, Kyle soon turns out to be killing all those who cause a crime in the poor zone, this becomes the new source of Kyle for adrenaline and a goal, with the murder of Kyle, members of the gang, rapists and drug dealers , of course, corrupt cops and the notorious Lord of Drugs and Crimes, Cocaine N Coco Pops. The modern apartheid divides the city of Los Angeles into two zones. The separation is between prosperity and poverty; Crime is at its top. Ex navy seal, kyle h. Holmes is a washed a Playboy millionaire, Kyle one day finds himself on the greater side of the city after being lost; He witnesses rape and uses his special set of skills to kill the rapist. Kyle, who gets bored of life, turns out to return to the greater side of the city to fight crime and to kill those who cause it; All this sees that Kyle causes a very concerned notorious crime and drugs, Lord Cocaine N 'Coco Pops and corrupt legal performers.
1192 ::: Huit hommes dans un château (1942) ::: crime ::: Paladines write crime novels together. In a cinema, they happen to see a report on the consequences of a ship in which the Dupuis Layttenant points to the death of an old man in the survivors holding the survivor. Husband and wife agree that this may be the starting point of a new story and go and see dupuis to get more details about the drama. When they come to his hotel Dupuis died with a bullet to the head. Police characterize death as a suicide, but Paladine has found a train ticket in the dead man's pocket. With his wife he takes the train to the specified destination, somewhere in the provinces ...
1193 ::: Kill the Irishman (2017) ::: crime ::: When his fiancé is killed by the Mafia himself he called a family, Irish gangster Conor O'Callahan leaves Ireland in an attempt to escape his painful memories. Now living in Canada almost two years later, the heavy drinking, the chain of smoking has been caught once again in a life of organized crime. After a young prostitute steals a small asset from the crowd, it belongs to Conor and his husbands to pursue it, but will he really be able to end the lives of poor girls? Or will this be his chance to finally do something good, for once.
1194 ::: Columbine Avenue (????) ::: crime ::: When the smuggler Frank Monagan is arrested and goes to Lam, his two smaller brothers join his dangerous business to raise money to bring him out of the country away from the law that wants him alive and Mexican cartels who want him Dead.
1195 ::: Les sources assassines (2017) ::: crime ::: In La Bourboule's thermal town, a dead man was found, killed by poison. His ex -girlfriend, Irene, head of thermal bathrooms, has an important stock of medical arsenic that could be the murder. She is accused of crime and was arrested. She called for the rescue, her daughter Vanie, a young captain in the crime department in Paris, which she has not seen for years, will try to prove her mother's innocence and discover the truth. Between the interests of love, commercial interests and revenge, the investigation of Fani will lead her further than she imagined, which makes the secrets of her family.
1196 ::: Yokohama Ankokugai Kikyou (2008) ::: crime ::: Yokohama is a dark world controlled by drugs and gangs. Ryuichi Todo and Kanji Gojyo of the Local Group of Yakuza, Todo-Gumi in Jinto Kai, are the last ones who live with their former leader. They have maintained their traditional Yakuza culture based on the heart of the obligation, but time changed and the balance of power between them has gradually changed. Yasuo Kuki in Goshiro-Gumi plans with his strong knowledge about businesses, while Kasai-Gui de Kansai tries to control Yokohama when the opportunity increases. A young man who became a Yakuza, influenced by the Yakuza de Goshiro mentality, has his agitated soul when he meets everything. What will you see in the violent world?
1197 ::: Street Creatures (2004) ::: crime ::: When a group of thieves steals a briefcase from the mob, it begins a greed chain because all players try to make this briefcase their own. Double crosses, planning, violence, all have their own methods. It's all about money. A briefcase ... a lot of trouble!
1198 ::: Killerjagd. Schrei, wenn du dich traust (2010) ::: crime ::: Anna (Alexandra Neldel) receives a telephone call from her new Philipp Rothkamm trading partner (Maximilian von Pufendorf): On an elite university claims a young woman (Emily Cox), she had been sexually abused under the influence of drops with elimination Direct during a new freshness' Festival but after a personal interview, his doubts arise. Shortly after, the young woman commits suicide.
1199 ::: Whitefolks (2017) ::: crime ::: Simon Balagula, a two -con -Southside Southside of Chicago, decides to play Rocks Con on the owner of the Ni USP Shank Jewelry Store. Simon has a heart attack on finding out that the red diamonds of South Africa are fake. In luck, he will be the uncle of the Balagula Russian mafia captain, named Brigadier. The con-artist, afraid of a 14-day murder agreement on his head, escapes in the hope of hiding Atlanta. But when Vor sends a sexual sad agreement killer Bucerkiniff Brown to hit the south, their con-skills are actually tested in a fatal rush to pay $ 2 million returns. When two con-artists from the south of Chicago hustle the Russian mafia, the fears and results of the con life are discovered. Their street skills are put in the test while they are given 14 days to pay $ 2 million returns.
1200 ::: Living with No Regrets (2013) ::: crime ::: Meet Malcolm (Alonzo Herran Jr.). Young man, black and lives in America. Born on Newark's rough streets, NJ had 3 strikes against him when he made his mark in the world. It grows in projects teaching at a young age as it is surviving. And survived that it was. Hustling was an art for Malcolm and Hustler who was. Having the money was his thing, but with more money being more trouble. Rolled with Malcolm and his crew, Ibn (Usman Sharif), Mark (Hassan Oliver), Lq (Malik Barrett), and Fredro (Raheem Ali) as you show you valuable life lessons and how you can never play the the game because of the game always plays you.
1201 ::: "Ella Meets Life" (2017) ::: crime ::: Former Center Fold Ella Arkins returns to his hometown, Detroit Michigan, and challenges science forensic medicine at Gross Points High School. After chasing a dream in Los Angeles, she removes brutal drug addiction about the heroine. This comeback tele satisfies the clarity of a dark RED survey. Ella must fight to regain his life in his early 30s and face the dark clouds of depression and obsessive -compulsive disorder.
1202 ::: Darkside Miami (2016) ::: crime ::: Miami is one of the sexiest places in the world, but look behind the bright lights and you will find very dark reality. Disorder crimes are being committed in the name of secret religions. Dedicated Miami rituals follow Detective Ramon Montoya (Ray Hernandez) and his team is banding together to solve these mysterious crimes.
1203 ::: "Sledaki" (2011) ::: crime ::: The Investigation Division (Sildaki) looks like an ordinary police department ... a whole bunch of unresolved cases, relationships in the department are not easy ... but as a result of teamwork, care and Compassion to each other the heroes overcome all the problems and they together solve all the problems.
1204 ::: Krov za krov (1991) ::: crime ::: It was 1991, the last year of the Soviet Union, a steady confusion time, conferences and demonstrations. Police detective Major Kazantsave has been appointed to lead the team that investigates the exploitation and murder of a prominent former Army General. To find criminals, he had to consult with various people in many Soviet cities, and he accidentally met on the train when the beautiful woman was trying to maintain a relationship with Elena.
1205 ::: Slaves in Cages: 'Slaver i bure' (1972) ::: crime ::: Rich Playboy (with a bad Elvis hairstyle) reincarnates on innocent women, luring them back to his mansion, and then kills them and locks them! He makes them eat like animals from food trays, beat and rape them, and teach them to release a sexual show for their perverted friends (so he made his wealth). When women get tired of his erotic abuse, they rise and brutally kill him on the stage of the roaring applause of the astonished audience! Reminding the shorter blood sucking freaks, women were crazy by their forced captivity, which makes them no better than my dear, died master in the end.
1206 ::: Goo waat zai: Gong woo sun dit jui (2013) ::: crime ::: On a dark Mongkok night, May, Dai Tin-Yee's cousin was attached to the gang by Med King and his men. The furious tin, along with his buddies, Chan Ho nam, chicken, pou-pan overseed Med King to assess May's death. As Med King was under the wings of an ugly Kwan, a triada leader hung, gave orders to get rid of Ho-Nam by all means.
1207 ::: Jack Southeast (2018) ::: crime ::: Jack leaves the prison and his boss releases him early, but that's why he has also done another job and solves the score, but with all this in his head, his wife/girlfriend wants him to stop, stay clean or lose her If he doesn't pack his ideas.
1208 ::: The Man (2014/II) ::: crime ::: In this independent film with a low budget of 90 minutes with silver (divided here on YouTube in two 45 minutes) shot in New Jersey and New York, there are strange things that boil under the calm facade of a typical peripheral city. A drug dealer, the "man", who lives in a plant -shade house in Tree Stump Lane, is seeing drugs drugs, including a young man named Waldo McFadden. This is the starting point for a mistake of mistakes that follows on this glowing wild land of tortured souls each united in their mental machinations. No one gets what they want and not everyone survives to tell the tale.
1209 ::: Four Shall Die (1940) ::: crime ::: Helene Helen Fielding has dumped Shady Lew Covey for a reporter Bill Samors. Striching the little one to deal with Helen's legacy, Covie came up with a scheme to do just that, including spiritualists, fortune tellers and "visits" from Helen's dead father. However, when Covey winds up dead in Helen's room, the suspicion falls to Bill Samors as a killer. Complications occur.
1210 ::: Frustré (2013) ::: crime ::: Fabrice Lombard has neither tools nor images to attract female species. Whether it's on the streets on the streets, in TV ads or walking down the Avenue des Champs-élysées, wherever she seemed to see beautiful women he could never approach. Fall constant from society and a long shift in solitude is slowly turning his fantasies of killing into an irresistible pulse and Fabrice Lombard in a serial killer ...
1211 ::: Point mort (1984) ::: crime ::: A person is shot dead in a provincial airport. Despite his wounds, he manages to pull himself into his plane to go to Italy, he does not know that the killers are already waiting at his destination. During the flight it is reminiscent of events that led him there. Its name is Matou and was a formula 1 champion before banning racing circuits to cause fatal accidents. Matou fled to his employer's girlfriend Lena's company. But when they were in the open country, they were shot by mysterious pursuits, which was the beginning of a wild man.
1212 ::: The Bosnia War Crimes Trial (1996) ::: crime ::: The Bosnian war crime condemned the "ethnic cleansing", which took place during the Yugoslav War in the 1990s. The war crimes included death camps, mass designs and deportations. Among other things, Dusan Tadic was in court for his crimes in Bosnia.
1213 ::: "Prepisani" (2010) ::: crime ::: Thirty years later, two former colleagues and colleagues are behind the interrogation table of the National Research Office. The suspended inspector of René Archeo, the son of one of the guards in front of the Tito Room, found himself on the other side of the law.
1214 ::: 75A4053: The Ronald DeFeo Interview (2014) ::: crime ::: Behind the walls of the Max-Security Green Heaven Correctional Facility, documentary filmmaker Ryan Katzenbach Ronald J. The story is Katzenbach's 2011-2014 trilogy series, "Shotted Hoops: The True Story of the Amitiville Murderers". In June 2014, Katzenbach interviewed Diphon to ask questions about "Amityville Horror", his family and murders four decades ago. This is the first time an interview has been provided to people who are not cut and censored.
1215 ::: "Thieves Row" (2016) ::: crime ::: Hai, Cobra, Tiger and Lewis have become experts what they do. Each of them brings specialist knowledge and as a team they have robberies on a science. Hai and Cobra are the negotiators who hold up the banks. Tiger is the muscle, a support man when shit hits the fan and Lewis is the driver.
1216 ::: In Name Only (????) ::: crime ::: Name of the name is a movie family on the stars passed the subpot subplot in the higher height height that brings the form in the 21st century.
1217 ::: Nasty Habits (????) ::: crime ::: When the smuggler Frank Monagan is arrested and goes to Lam, his younger brother is involved in his dangerous work to raise funds to keep him out of the law he wants alive and the competitors who want his death.
1218 ::: "Inside the Criminal Mind" (2017) ::: crime ::: Inside the criminal spirit - a captivating exploration exposing psychological machinations and the immoral behavior that define the most harmful criminal types. Each episode of the series plunges into the ardent history of criminal infamous and with comments from global experts in the lead, a cognitive profile is created allowing the public not only to understand but to recognize psychology which creates the types of criminals formidable.
1219 ::: Broadway After Midnight (1927) ::: crime ::: To protect his brother, the USE Marggan's patients. She has a wonderful girl who earns a woman who shooting a woman's shooting woman. Unfortunately women kill the Society and the police holding the Queenie for the murder of the public and her boyfriend.
1220 ::: Penitentiary Chances (1998) ::: crime ::: The bold work of the novel of "veteran" worship. The low -budget Indie movie that started this type of urban films. Follow the two homeboy ready to take "prison opportunities" to get out of Barrio by working with two racist drugs. You can take a trip to the world of crime that most people cannot see-as deals are badly exposed, and huge risks are taken to survive!
1221 ::: Throw Down (2000) ::: crime ::: Max Fizarria comes home while he serves 62-year-olds and Marines, to determine who who kills the rage and brother has a romantic relationship. Once it impelled them safely, the medicine is the medication. Now the remaining is after his childhood, it may be more than he thought. The movie makes the war between Epic and a man resoluted to save his friends.
1222 ::: "Pearson" (2016) ::: crime ::: Former investigator Sean Pearson, separated from retirement when the remains of his 11 -year -old granddaughter are discovered a year after her mysterious disappearance. Now holding a closure, Sean is scrambling through Toronto in the hope that he can achieve justice for responsibility even if it means opening old wounds with former colleagues, friends and family members of the truth that may not be ready for it.
1223 ::: Animal Black Ops: Kenya (2016) ::: crime ::: The US fish and wildlife services have a special unit. The office for law enforcement authorities. It has 261 special agents. It even has its own forensic laboratory that supports international studies on wildlife crimes. The unit exists because it has become apparent to the West in the past five years that many of the world's terrorist attacks are financed by the money from animal winets. This series is the story of some of its investigations when the office of law enforcement is fighting against the richest and most determined wildlife criminals in the world. In addition, President Barack Obama has now extended this fight to areas outside the USA. In a presidential order last year, he obliged the United States to finance and arm teams around the world to meet against the animal winer. This series is the history of this struggle.
1224 ::: 75A4053: The Ronald DeFeo Interview (2014) ::: crime ::: Behind the wall of the Max Security Green Haven Orthodontic facility, Documentary Film Director Ryan Kazzenbach interviewed Ronald J. Bucci Defeo. This story was about the case of Katzenbach's 2011 to 2014 trilogy series. In June 2014, Katzenbach interviewed Defeo directly to ask questions about the Amitibirhora, his family, and the murder that occurred 40 years ago. This is the first time that uncensored interviews have not been cut and have been generally presented.
1225 ::: The Black Roses Project (2015) ::: crime ::: Three women are brought together to solve the missing person who are connected to human trafficking and a deadly serial killer. The women are turned through the wheel of the accident because they are beaten and tortured themselves until they can find out to escape and correct the wrong of these notorious criminals.
1226 ::: "Sledaki" (2011) ::: crime ::: The Investigation Division (Sledaki) seems like an ordinary police department ... a lot of unsolved cases, relationships within the department are not easy ... but as a result of teamwork, care and compassion of the heroes They overcome all the problems and they together solve all the problems.
1227 ::: Irish Stand Down (2018) ::: crime ::: Rye Galglel Your Average Year 60, Second Generation Gallery, School Cycle, with Earth's passage, landing land, gangster. But the ray has a problem, one in an unreasonable, unrelated bacterland basket bassette, with a high man's base. With time, vote and the crew of the crew Consumes stolen background casino. The problem is, casino depends on his competition.
1228 ::: Akros aporriton - Ypothesis Ermis (1967) ::: crime ::: A series of mysterious murders confuses the country's secret services as they discreetly but persistently examine every aspect of the case. With the help of a number of coincidences, it turns out that the crimes are associated with the activity of foreign agents who work in Greece. In the end, all of these agents -although their origin is not specified -try to maintain valuable, ultra top -top documents that are related to certain "serious" experiments that are secretly carried out on a NATO military base.
1229 ::: Blood Line (2009) ::: crime ::: Two of the most powerful New York families will collide in this urban drama. When the Mafia Dono's Mafia family is exposed by the most powerful Brokelin Street, Caesar "Smash" Benton, the grass war will decide the fate of each other. Vito begins to recruit new members, and Ricci, his former right hand. While retracting the mafia network, Richie begins to reassess his goal of killing Veto; The man who killed his father, because of the love of respect he earns from the "family". Return yourself for an intense story of drama, romance and war.
1230 ::: Noc klavíristy (1977) ::: crime ::: The Senior Project Engineer Kratina is known as a very capable man. His colleagues have the feeling that his business is not always legal, but since they all benefit from the bribes, they can get Kratina back. Kratina's machinations with Loft apartments and small family houses offer him and his young wife Ivanka a high standard of living. But then Kratina's fraud is uncovered by a man who blackmailed the engineer by phone and asks for money to silence what he knows. In the evening, Kratina places the bribery money according to the instructions of the extortionist and then hides in his car, which is not parked from there and is waiting in his hand with a rifle. Instead of the extortionist, he shoots Jirka, the young son-in-law of the cloakroom woman Helena from the nearby wine bar. Her friend, an old pianist Tuma, cannot understand the murder and begins his own private examination.
1231 ::: "Girl 17" (2015) ::: crime ::: The confidential anti -terrorism unit designed by the United States government to track and landed terrorists, and their shepherds residing at the homeland. PRINCE OMARI is a terrorist financier that runs online to get a girl to have a good time with her, and he got "Girl 17." Who is "Girl 17?"
1232 ::: "Khozyayka taygi" (2009) ::: crime ::: Wesylish Hugoma, forest storage, and counter vetowo, former marine, settled by pure events set by a local mafia group. They appear by Mafia and the police, and unexpectedly, the corrupt regional officials of senior acquaintance officials received some information to shadow plans. Two honest people spend their fight against corruption. Will they win?
1233 ::: The Scholar (????) ::: crime ::: When his father died under the police after a pub brawl, Cory would live his brother, Sean. Although they have changed different ways. Sean is trying to make his life better by education, where Cory has already entered the crime. However everything changes when a man called Roger was being Roger after, putting it in hospitals. This has a tomb, life is reversal reatrusings for two coory and Sean.
1234 ::: "En by i provinsen" (1977) ::: crime ::: The police receive an anonymous letter with the text "Berg killed him". This leads to the investigation into the death of a worker at the chemical factory. Meanwhile, 200 barrels with chemical waste is secretly unearthed and withdrawn under the parking lot of the factory.
1235 ::: "Crimestrike" (2012) ::: crime ::: Crimestrike is a bold television series in which everyday citizens are making, first -hand to defend themselves when a big threat suddenly entered their lives. These are the people who faced themselves with a sudden danger and stood to defend themselves and their family, home and work. These are the stories of those who refused to be sacrificed.
1236 ::: Eu Matei Lúcio Flávio (1979) ::: crime ::: Prior to corruption, the lives of a Brazilian policeman belonging to the police elite, as he was accused of corruption and was the leader of the policeman group called Esquadrocol Da meste. . In the early seventies in Rio de Janeiro, Detective Mariel Matostosta also belongs to special police forces called "Golden Men". This powerful group of the police elite was created with the intention to eliminate crime from Rio de Janeiro, and they had the above priorities above the law. However, the absolute efforts in incorrect hands are damaged, and this group has made criminals without ordinary lawsuits. "EU Matei Lúcio Flávio" is a manipulation film about the life of Mariel Maz., the most famous "golden man".
1237 ::: Ganked (2018) ::: crime ::: The two best friends make a popular journey across the country to offer a large amount of cocaine a drug god they know. Upon arrival, he informs them that some of the cash is short and after the girls wait three days for the money, they decide to steal and get them all.
1238 ::: Der Tourist (1996) ::: crime ::: The police checked the LANZ was long to kill after break and relax and often at rest in the word "wants you to stay here" on paper. When a killer turns out to London, LANZ takes it to clean it, but before it can be suspicious, the man will fall on the roof. The judgment was closed, and Lanz was doing something on vacation to Vienna and his beautiful wife Karen, didn't know that there was someone who thinks it ...
1239 ::: Yokohama Ankokugai Kikyou (2008) ::: crime ::: Yokohama is a dark world controlled by drugs and gangs. Ryuichi Todo and Kanji Gojyo of the Local Group of Yakuza, Todo-Gumi in Jinto Kai, are the last ones who live with their former leader. They have maintained their traditional Yakuza culture based on the heart of the obligation, but time changed and the balance of power between them has gradually changed. Yasuo Kuki in Goshiro-Gumi plans with his strong knowledge about businesses, while Kasai-Gui de Kansai tries to control Yokohama when the opportunity increases. A young man who became a Yakuza, influenced by the Yakuza de Goshiro mentality, has his agitated soul when he meets everything. What will you see in the violent world?
1240 ::: "Pájaros Negros" (2015) ::: crime ::: "Black Birds" is a television police series created by Jessica Aran. It tells the story of fiscal Xavier Rosas, which is called in Rosario on 31 December 1999 to investigate the murder of Jose Duterte, in the hotel "Ambassador". With the help of a young associate, Rosas inquires the guests of the hotel to see the killer to find a crime to find, at the same time it tries to resolve personal issues.
1241 ::: Kradljivac uspomena (2007) ::: crime ::: A month ago, the Prime Minister of Prime Minister and the parliamentary elections, the Croatian Embassy in December, reported a diplomat in Paris. He is a doctor of French literature that took off from Canada in 1991 and took the defense of vagos and began the defense of the vagar.
1242 ::: Le dernier souffle (1999) ::: crime ::: Lauren Vilancort's life, a police officer in Montreal, is collapsing. His wife leaves her, her father talks to her hardly, and her brother Martin is in a big deal. When Martin dies in a mysterious way, Lauren tries to solve his murder. The research leads him to Nazares, Arkansas, a city run by militias. Lauren engages in a dark map with murder, money and a set of shadow characters. Can he do it alone?
1243 ::: Kronika jednog zlocina (1973) ::: crime ::: This is a amnibus consisting of three stories, all of which deal with the human psyche. In the story of Waltz, we learn about the first sex experience of a man who attends a dance school in Split. In the story of "Ave Maria", a cruel crime destroys an idolatry and meets with a family in the "Sea" story, we live on an island island, from an existential crisis that leads to murder , goes on.
1244 ::: Le malin plaisir (1975) ::: crime ::: Philippe Malaiseau, writer and historian, having died before having finished his study by Charles The Bold, the publisher sent to Fontbonne, in the south, Marc Lancelot, the "Negro" attracted from Malaysau. In Fontbonne is five women: Julie, a charming and very particular secretary who seduces Marc, the old mother of Malaiseau, Marianne, the distant widow, Christine, La Cousine and Melisa, an Italian friend. The four women are all linked to Malaysau. Does he died of a simple accident? Der Jung MARC SOLL DAS LETZTE WERK DES Kürzl versorbenen SchriftStellers Malaiseau Vollenden. Marc Setzt Die Arbeit at Dessen Villa Am Mitilmeer Fort und Wird Dort von Malaiseaus Sekretärin Julie Verführt. Bald Kommt Ihm der Verdacht, Daß Malaisaus Tod Kein Under Fall War, Denn Sowohl Julie Als Auch Die Vier Anderen Frauen in Der Villa Zeigen Keine Trauer. Bald Sehen Die Fünf Frauen Auch Marc Als Bedrohung. Kritikauszug: "Bernard T. Michel does not often avoid being ridiculous: Claude Jade Stark Naked Tyning, or being attacked in a closet. See, Mr. Toublanc-Michel, is Claude Jade a young woman whose dress is brutally torn and Who is violated in the hangings? "(H.B.)
1245 ::: Hardcourt (2018) ::: crime ::: When a respected university basketball coach was accused of killing his mistress, his coach's wife is one of his former players and her ex -lover, now the best lawyer, so she defends her husband. Masu. To clarify the truth of the crime, an old rival and RES come to their twisted roads.
1246 ::: Babes, Booze & Bullets (????) ::: crime ::: Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, the 9-year-old sentence from his 9-year punishment, continues to a land business transaction. He soon behind his for his father's barrel, behind his previous criminal impaired before his spells had made his foundation. Charlie quickly has its team together and with their visions they are fighting for large players. How many drugs are the most transparent of the drugs and the world of drugs and the world of drugs and how much is his previous relationships as if he was actually thought. Charlie and his father's bears work closely as always and combine their right hand male bobbby and black. Four of them make a team hell and is a power that is calculated !!. Themselves of this four men's teams in the weeks seems in a fight with train companies, which people follow, and occupied in the Gangland kill. Charlie also attempts his involvement for a serious demand and a call of prostitutes, charlie with his friendman and daughter Malous. The movie is set in the present and is based on true events. There are also homover and light heart string as well as some great ethnicities in modern day Gangland.
1247 ::: The Block (????/I) ::: crime ::: "Block" is a "block" in the middle streets of the country, the middle streets of Vallea, its night, his night's lady, his night's lady forces a recent convicted convicted murderer to steal local gangster. Rigo newly released in her life has a family to find her long-lost brother and once in his life ... very bad ... and others.
1248 ::: Debts (2016) ::: crime ::: After a series of terrible gambling, Walter Rhodes finds himself for more money than it is worth it. With very few friends and almost no property, he fights for survival while still trying to pay his huge gambling debt. When Hugh Donovan and his crew tries to track Walter on the streets of LA, a game of cat and mouse appears. A mannon all starts.
1249 ::: Holmes University 4: Origins of the Fall (2016) ::: crime ::: It was a year since Sherlock Holmes and John Watson became roommates. Everything seems to be going well with the master detective and his buddy John Watson. Until Moriarty gives a threatening warning about what will come. Take them into an overly personal case that endangers those who love them and endanger their friendship. Will you be able to stop them?
1250 ::: The Queen City Murders (????) ::: crime ::: Personal Auditors, Luclimies, returned from Australia in Australia in Australia in Australia. HOW LO LO A MECSON - A Australia - in the bar. Both are forced to fast friendship in each other in one another. In fact, Preston has been employed by the Russians to recover key persons in the upper echols and the bundled bundled codes of the Soviet Echals. Cosque's Umbrellas - In addition to money - is angry against his brother, Ivan. Third, half brother, depot, is a master center behind all scheme. Audio goal will be the company's control and the property of new codes, he will have unlimited cooperation from other districts. Preston was killed by the classcologist (damakan's best) in person, save the cuzcan and recipients new codes. Luo is backing Domcow to Kozink house where Lozenk is really a friend who knows as Bobby. In a fast shade, cozinky and demoo was recaptured and the great return after the edge of Bobby, he reveals that he knows to the adhesive. The film ends in his office at his office his last move: Decides to spend Bobby / Kozin money.
1251 ::: Shaft 6 (2018) ::: crime ::: Shaft 6 Carleton, 2006. The small mining town is shaken by the opening of a corpse in the scandalous shaft 6. The mystery surrounds the motive, but another dead miner is a reminder of how little has changed in democracy. The city is on the edge and people want answers. The striking miners barricade the entrance to the mine and refuse to allow anyone in the complex to leave before their requests are fulfilled. Sergeant Bo Mazibuko, a respected police officer and team leader in the riots, was sent to distribute the situation. In the back of his mind, he finds that he is drawn to the case. Detective Heinrich Theron, a rebel with a cause, is fighting to remain a point in the case. The police captain is concerned about his relationship with Mina's boss. Johan Theron, his father, has ruled the mine for many years, passed on from generation to generation; There will be no city without it. However, when Johan arrives at Bo's house to call a personal debt, it becomes clear that the body is set to solve things that both men would prefer to forget.
1252 ::: Sleeping with Fishes (2006) ::: crime ::: Keith, the poisoning gambler in southern London, has 32 hours of ULLY20,000. His poisoning began to ruin his life for the people he cares, and his girlfriend and prostitute Carla have her own addiction, heroin. Matt, a brother -in -law, requires money to own his music business. Fresh Henry from prison wants to sail. Sean of Obsessed and Wired wants to organize his last job for them. Sergeant McQueen is involved in six -digit debt and threatens Keith and saves his neck. Their personal needs connect them to secure their dreams by doing their last job together. As the sun and poisoning progressed, the storm worsened, and the quiet waves were once crashed into their eyes.
1253 ::: The Last Holiday (2009) ::: crime ::: The story of a family holiday from hell was just on a short camp trip when he was a terrible shooting witness. Was considered a peaceful break, a camp from hell turned into a journey? Family running for their life now they can avoid their next dangers while being hunted, to be silent by their followers?
1254 ::: Twenty-Two (2004) ::: crime ::: A man is living as a writer and husband with his boring life lower than entertaining. He has been left to the death of a 22 -year -old female fan with a mental breakdown. He does not see that his illusion of total bliss is really a life -changing opportunity that can be to die. 22 He is not just his age, but a hold that enters him in his life bond. He is cursed anyway you see it, but his goal is not to be dead!
1255 ::: Nahota na prodej (1993) ::: crime ::: Nancy young Nancy comes to Prague for training. Burning Czech, so chosen. He with Alexa's story and a former policeman is a search for a sixteen girl. His father is desperate, the police will help. They researchers lead them to the Rome market and pornography and pornography.
1256 ::: Duplicity (2004) ::: crime ::: When the reagas husband was killed, he has sent $ 18 18 million of the 5 million. Then he is harassed by three groups that want money. A beautiful stranger emerged ... but he is a good boy or a bad person. As the bodies start, the photograph should decide that he can trust anyone.
1257 ::: Kinder des Satans (1995) ::: crime ::: When a student's high -to -end corpse is found, the police make a reservation as a suicide case. But I don't think HEIKE's girlfriend WIEBKE is the case. She believes that Satan's disciples are involved in the case. When she confesses to a religious teacher, the situation escalates. For details, Director Shadewald describes the collapse of the herpage.
1258 ::: "Tie xue qing chun" (2006) ::: crime ::: In the criminal affairs of the police, apart from the city of Ding, Oyang Van, Lu Cheng and Ma Chao are good friends. However, their friendship is overwhelmed by a tiger tiger pair that can return to spring and autumn. Misunderstanding, betrayal and friendship among them make unexpected changes in their lives. When this pair of Tiger Tallies is finally recovered and secure, it has painted its youthful blood in the battle of justice and love.
1259 ::: "Thieves Row" (2016) ::: crime ::: Shark, Cobra, Tiger and Lewis have become professionals in what they do .... Grabing banks. Each of them brings an expertise and as a team they have robbery in a science. Shark and Cobra are the negotiators of the banks. Tiger is a muscle, a supportive man when the shit hits the fan and Lewis is the driver.
1260 ::: Kommissar Dupin - Bretonische Flut (2017) ::: crime ::: To go through the book and locations, these are two murders in the fishing business at the west of Brittany around Douarnenez's bay. She is located at a fisherman with her curtain next to the fish auction room in Douarnenez. Just when Commissioner Dupin and his team begin to question the locals, a second murder is reported from the small island of Sein. The first victim comes from there, was known for his sustainable opinions and his opposition to the local fishing tycoon. The second victim is a biologist who recently moved there. I was busy studying the dolphins in the Iroise Maritime Natural Park.
1261 ::: The Sullies (????) ::: crime ::: Sulivan brothers and his three close friends Estoria, draw a wire of short -term theft in Queens. Inadvertently, their friendship is tested after being looted once related to the Irish crowd. Now they have to remove their differences and execute the biggest score of their lives for the owner of the crowd who threatened to wipe each of their families.
1262 ::: Io ti assolvo (2008) ::: crime ::: Frances (Gabriel a girl), after ten years later, back to the city that saw him growing and whatever it has happened. It became Fr. Francesco. By keeping the promise to clear the following items and the wrong choice, the wrong life, but the dangerous life closes the open account. The fearful truth brings a priest to the young people's hard. Pain and pain, fr. Francis agreed to replace the Raul's father (Gerarddo Amato), his father, killed in the church. A few days before my father Raul sent the bishops begging as soon as possible. The decision of a stupid decision is completely working, so Frental and the survey will be followed.
1263 ::: Amheukgaui 25shi (1970) ::: crime ::: Five people who do not know the true identity of others are tied to take a villa on Mt. Fuji, a tens of dollars. However, they are betrayed by one of the members and know that the target is not a diamond, but a North Korean microfilm.
1264 ::: Untitled Brooklier Project (????) ::: crime ::: The true life story of Attorney Anthony Brooklier, which went to the United States Attorney Office for the Los Angeles District, went to work at the United States Attorney Office, as tough as a nail lawyer, to become an overnight criminal defense attorney, who was the first client for him, who is unaware of him, La. The head of the crowd was. The story of a father and son of a family, loyalty, crime and law against Los Angeles of 1970.
1265 ::: La ferme aux loups (1943) ::: crime ::: Bastien and Furet are a journalist and photographer who works together as a team on the newspaper 'L'Echo du Jour'. As they are about to leave on a weekend break with Micky, their boss secretary, they are sent on a crime scene to report the murder of Russian by the name of 'Le Moujik'.
1266 ::: Zweikampf (1986) ::: crime ::: A high-level citizen - is just driven by life very present in the killing of life and let the creation of every problem manufacturer and let me be invented as events. Just killing ethnic suspiciousness of ethnic suspiciousness, but not its former counterparts. So he begins to investigate their cases, division of split but however, however, with the two snails.
1267 ::: "Ultraviolet" (2017) ::: crime ::: Inspired by the "skeleton crew" inspired by the Deborah "Scellet Crew" and "Wendy Womber" (I) "(QV)" (QV). The series follow the life of a woman of 30 years old (Ola Serfin), who is forced to leave her husband and London and returns to Lowj home. One night seems to be killed in driving his car, but he witnesses a dramatic situation that he believes that it is very suspicious. Police seem to be indifferent to this case. Ola looking for help online, where he cannot see a group of criminal cases.
1268 ::: Jack Southeast (2018) ::: crime ::: Jack goes out of prison and gets free from his boss early, but for that he also did another job and arranges the result, but with all this on his head, his wife/girlfriend wants to stop, to stay clean, or if she will lose if she He did not gather his ideas.
1269 ::: La banda del trucido (1977) ::: crime ::: Fire after the robbery ended with the death of the police chief. Police detective Gini reins up his boss's death in search of the suspect's runner. By searching for Gini, he leads to Sicily's gangster Veri and Killers's dirty leader, Trassie. This action is violent because both the police and the criminal tracks Veri.
1270 ::: 31 Million Reasons (2011) ::: crime ::: Police, robbers and bunny Chow - loose on a true story about one of the greatest robberies in South African history. The brothers Ronnie (Jack Devnarain) and Jugs (Rahul Brijnath), two police officers from Chatsworth, slipped a conspiracy to confiscate 31 million border from a cash deposit facility. His high operations when the bulls are commissioned to examine their own attack.
1271 ::: The Gentle Trap (1960) ::: crime ::: At his first burglary, a locksmith is on the run after his accomplice is run by another bond of Schurken after the pull. Realizing that his girlfriend has twice crossed him for a shady night club owner, the boy ends with the loot in a flat above a clip joint that hid for both police and crooks. But the girls who live there seem to be about as reliable as his own bird turned out to be.
1272 ::: Panter ceká v 17,30 (1972) ::: crime ::: Kishore Patr does not move very well with his strict father, and when his father sells his beloved female dog Irina, he feels very lonely. So it easily comes under the influence of the older boy painter, who is making money from cheating and theft. He is involved in the petrol and young fenecks in its negative activities. One day Feneck threw a cartridge under the tram and the explosion causes nasty injuries to a young woman. Petra is present in the explosion and in fact it is that people around the tram wear a white sweater.
1273 ::: Lakeer Ka Fakeer (2013) ::: crime ::: Fakar (Ajaz Khan) dreams of becoming a taxi driver in Dubai. Chatu Mobile (Javed Haider) wants to set up his own mobile shop and Suleman (Vicky Ahuja) aspires to become a politician. However, his destiny is determined by his controversial residential address rather than his wishes. It is said that sometimes your 'address' speaks loudly to you.
1274 ::: Jaggu (1975) ::: crime ::: Jagtap aka Jaggu has led to crime as a career and has the police watching him. Police managed to stop the associate of Jaggu, Kaalia, who decides to act as an informant for the police and, as a result, Jaggu is arrested, tried in the court and sentenced to two years in prison. After his discharge, an enraged Jaggu faces Kaalia, who profusely apologizes to Jaggu and both patches. One day, a widow approaches Jaggu and asks her to rescue her daughter, Geeta, who has been kidnapped by Desai. Although Jaggu is a hired hand of Desii, Jaggu rescues Geeta, they both fall in love and marry. A vindictive Desai wants Jaggu to die at all costs and, for this purpose, he is willing to pay any price to kill him. And the person who intends to hire is none other than Jaggu's friend, Kaalia, a man who has betrayed Jaggu once, but now he can end up killing him.
1275 ::: Out of Darkness (2004) ::: crime ::: "Darkness Out" is Teresa Maria de Los Angeles AKAAGE The woman named Spanish is about the Detective of the Guwahati, who works outside the fantasy regional police in Cleveland, Ohio. He deals with a partner, Detective Drew Aven, who does not trust him because Angie's father is the alleged head of a drug cartel. Angie also has two bosses: over -religious police lieutenant and "morally challenging" special complainant who is very friendly with Philip Magnos. Magnos is a businessman who may be behind all the criminal activities in the city. Nevertheless, the most disturbing element of Angi's life is a mysterious shadow like an animal that handles her body and literally eats criminals.
1276 ::: Duplicity (2004) ::: crime ::: When Reggie Lucas is killed by her husband, he will lose $ 18 million dollars. Then he is afraid of the three bodies who want to buy money. A beautiful stranger ... but is he a good guy or a bad guy? Because the corpses are collected, Regie must decide who can trust.
1277 ::: "Accardo" (2018) ::: crime ::: This series is a visionary that is told in contrast to all other than any other of Tony "Big Thunfisch" Accardo, and follows the birth of the Chicago Mob when the young Al Capone begins his activities in bootlebging and the most notorious mob boss in Chicago. At the beginning as a Capones best friend /bodyguard and executor and enforcer from Accardo in the Chicago Mob, he navigated to help Kennedy, ventures in Las Vegas and beyond.
1278 ::: One Shot Sam (2006) ::: crime ::: This film follows a blow from Sam, played by Donald G. Jackson, who is a private investigator based in Hollywood, California. He sends for his unique partner, Lazlo Mauser, played by Conrad Brooks, who had moved to Akron, Ohio, in order to break a case based in Country rock music from the 1970s.
1279 ::: "Baian the Assassin" (1990) ::: crime ::: In EDO period Japan, justice is sometimes difficult to reach on normal resources. In these cases, the injured Shigaken in hires, fatal murderers who strike without grace to kill those who may otherwise be able to escape their rightful goals. Fujieda Baian is an acupuncturist who faithfully serves his community as a healer. However, there are times when he becomes a completely different person - someone whose skills are used as a healer to kill those who believe they are above law and outside justice. Included in old EDO and other historical locations in Japan, this crime drama takes good care of the dark taste of the novels of Shotaro Ikenami on which it is based.
1280 ::: Dirty Little Secret (1998) ::: crime ::: The adoptive son of a sheriff and his wife is kidnapped, but the motif goes beyond the ransom. When Sarah experiences an action. Charlie kidnap. It will. It is said more interesting Charlie that he would be picked up after school, but nobody shows, so he decides to go home while a brown van drives up next to him and everything she saw was taken away at the place, on the Sarah And your friend and friends stay. Charlie is bundled like a carpet in a large brown sack linen bag with rope. Sarah comes into the room in which he thrown into where he wobbled and fights. Get free. Sarah sits next to him on the bed and says that Charlie kidnapped them. I will be freed you if you promise to be good and not to scream
1281 ::: Slaves in Cages: 'Slaver i bure' (1972) ::: crime ::: Rich Playboy (with bad Elvis hair) stands out on innocent women, strikes them to his palace, then expels and closes them! It makes them eat like animals from food trays, whips and rape, and train them to make a sexual offer to his deviant friends (which made his wealth). When women get tired of misfortune, they rise and kill him brutally on stage to the tremendous applause of the amazing audience! It reminds us of the subsequent whims of bloodshed, all of which were moved by their forced families, which makes them not better than their dear master in the end.
1282 ::: FBI Criminal Files (2016) ::: crime ::: Real crimes are alien to imagination. The attractiveness of money, power, and greed is very consumed for some who will turn into psychotic tendencies in order to fulfill their irreplaceable addiction to suspense; But the crimes you do not hear are the most amazing. This group of DVD will make you a tales of corruption and murder, based on the events of real life, look at your neighbors and friends in a completely new way because ordinary people are able to terror who has never been suspected. Cocaine Wars: A successful diligent defense lawyer appears to be part of a typical citizen, but in reality he participates in the main drug distribution network. It gives the impression that he is a man to move while he lives a secret life of corruption and increase. When a land dispute develops, Charles finds himself behind the eight ball in a battle for his life, because he is better at his death. Inside one of the doctors: When a young model arrives, he is keen to storm the fashion industry, to her first image, she reached the isolated site and realizes that there is something very wrong and that her life will never be the same. A terrifying story based on the events of real life that will shock you to the core. Enter a world of dirt and corruption, as terrifying events are revealed from deviation and corruption.
1283 ::: Exclusive Rights (1926) ::: crime ::: Principal for Governor, Stany Warron is an enemy and politics and politics that contribute to a unbelieving political and political part of the death of the death. In harmony with Catherine, Morris wants to be a new debt to stop punishment, whirlst buds hook up. Torn among friends and services, governorate wharton refused to enter the debt even though Catherine destroys the link. Sadie, Mack's wife, receives a statement from lights, but was killed before he signed. Wharton tricks agreed to kill the mack kills, thus transmits the ring of damage and acquiring a statement from bickel.
1284 ::: Bank (2011) ::: crime ::: Life is very bad for Charlie. With his unit parents monitor, he can focus on his banking work. Charlie started working hard to fight his family, school and social life. She's best way to get back with his father that all going to go well is starting out of control after Charlie when met a girl named Alex. Charlie begins to see that you might cause harm than well.
1285 ::: Inspektor Barbarotti - Verachtung (2011) ::: crime ::: Shortly after the Swedish police -Detective Gunnar Barbarotti receives an anonymous letter at home during his vacation announcing the murder of a few Anna, the bloody shed by Anna Palme is found. It is the first of a few murders with instructions for you, calling a Gunnar as Mark. Barbarotti lists 60 possible vengeful people from his past. Given that some of them prove to be dangerous, but probably useless when he encounters the twins Kalle and Ole Borg's family intrigues.
1286 ::: The Last Hour (1923) ::: crime ::: Rever McCall, an infamous counterfeit, is fleeing the police with his daughter Saidee. He asks for his friend, a former criminal named Steve Cline. Cline, whose brother was killed by William Mallory, the detective who chases McCall, agrees. Several years later, while serving as a nurse during the war, Saidee falls in love with Phil Logan, a patient of her who is also the son of her state's governor. After the Mallory War, now a great shot in state policy, gives the governor a banquet. Mallory discovers Saidee's identity and demands that he marry him in exchange for shutting up his past. Complications occur.
1287 ::: Kinder des Satans (1995) ::: crime ::: When the student of the student is found, the police booked him as a suicide case. But Heke's girlfriend Wiebke thinks otherwise. She believes that Satan's disciples are involved in the case. When it confides to her religious teachers, the situation escalates. Detail for detail, Director Schadewald describes the deletion of Idyll.
1288 ::: The Gentle Trap (1960) ::: crime ::: In his first theft, a locksmith finds himself on the run after his associate is led by another gang after transport. Realizing that his girlfriend has crossed him for a nightclub owner, the boy ends up with a loot in a flat over a united clip hidden by both police and fraudsters. But the girls living there look just as reliable that his bird turned out to be.
1289 ::: Brother's Keeper (2018/II) ::: crime ::: Two adopted brothers who fight different mental illnesses, commit accidents and in the process of hiding their crimes, they find their real recognition. A story of power and control; Love and hate- sometimes only options become fatal.
1290 ::: Twenty-Two (2004) ::: crime ::: A man lives his boring life as a writer and husband with a less than entertaining woman. He dropped to the disappearance of a 22 -year -old female fan, with a mental break. He does not see that his illusion of total bliss is actually a chance that changes life that could make him dead. 22 is not only his age, but a catch that enters the affair of his life. He is damned anyway, you look at him, but his goal is not to become dead!
1291 ::: The Rat (1925) ::: crime ::: When the courted courtesan Zelie de Chaumet asks her loved ones, the corrupted and strong stetz, to take her slumming, the pair meets Pierre Boucheron, the 'Far' alias, Boy-Re-boy -Cing of Paris underworld, and innocent Odile. Love, life and jewels are risky and lost in this powerful romantic melodrama as the life of the four characters changes from this chance of meeting forever.
1292 ::: Ek Aur Visphot (2002) ::: crime ::: The underworld gangster and respectable businessman Chandolha's plan to construct several illegal structures in Bombay City is an honest and hardworking city commission Omkar Manav, which seems to be only an uncontrollable nature. Taking advantage of this, Chandolha's lawyer, Bhujang Rao accused him in a false police complaint, and included him in a mental hospital. Once in the hospital, Omkar is given several shock treatment, which converts them into a vegetable. But Omkar is cured, and his girlfriend, Kiran Joshi, and the prisoners of the prisoners, Bhuta Singh, Dr. Daniel, Pandit Radheshyam Tiwari, and the poet with the help of Bilaban Budam, and possibly conspiring to kill those who were responsible for their present. Promise. But how will a prisoner run with other prisoners and actually pursue this huge task?
1293 ::: Holmes University 4: Origins of the Fall (2016) ::: crime ::: It has been a year since Sherlock Holmes and John Watson became roommates. Everything seems to be doing well with the detective master and his side John Watson. Until Moriarty gives a keen warning for the next. Take them on a personal case too to endanger what they love, and endanger their own friendship. Will they be able to stop it?
1294 ::: Qui pro quo (2012) ::: crime ::: Ben just can't understand what's going on with him. Things just don't make sense. Who is this stranger who looks like him? Why did someone ask for his apartment? Are you following someone? Do they love them or someone else? And most importantly, who can he trust? His friends? His roommate? His ex girlfriend? The more he makes to discover, the deeper he digs, the more confusing everything gets. Each answer raises a new question.
1295 ::: The Last Hour (1923) ::: crime ::: McColl, the simplest, fake, was a daughter of her daughter from the police. He asks his friend, a former criminal called a former crime. He killed his brother with William Momlor, Maccolle Kapper detects. A few years later, during the war, he served as a nurse and built Phil in love with Logan, he is the son of his governor. After the battle, now a banner gives a big shooting governor in public policy. Mallori will open "Seddy's identity" and demands to marry him for peace. Complications.
1296 ::: Erie, the Collar Bomb Story (????) ::: crime ::: August 28, 2003, in the edges of the Ari, Pennsylvania, the calculated person with a few heads' pizza delivery men who have been in charge of explosives. They then ordered him to steal the bank. After the delivery of money, he will receive areas to help withdraw with him. It was one of the most wisdom bank in history, which has been identified by FBI. This has not been in accordance with the plan. Wells were selected by the police after theft, never found the signs that don't need to disarm the bomb on his neck. He died before it was previously died, but after the national news was in the area. Sadly, was on his death live TV. After his wonderful death, the investigation in the investigation of the crime was very quickly about, the wells were not really innocent. He only first first friendly friendship of the cooperation is falling in the bazar's bazer trail of death of the crime.
1297 ::: Brother's Keeper (2018/II) ::: crime ::: Two brothers to fight various mental illnesses, in the process of concealing the random murder and crimes, they find their real individuals. History of strength and control; Love and hate - sometimes the only options lead to death.
1298 ::: Erie, the Collar Bomb Story (????) ::: crime ::: On August 28, 2003, in the suburbs of Erie, Pennsylvania, a pizza delivery man named Brian Wells was hired by several men locking an explosive device around his neck. Then they ordered him to steal a bank. After giving the money, he would receive a clue to help her dismantle the bomb. It was one of the most ingenious bank theft schemes in history, known as FBI collarbomb. He did not go according to the plan. Wells, cut by police shortly after the robbery, never found the clue he needed to disarm the bomb around his neck. He died before the bomb squad could arrive, but after the national news was on the scene. Unfortunately, his death was on Live TV. Investigating the crime after his grisly death, the FBI soon discovered that Wells was not, in fact, an innocent victim. He was simply the first co-conspirator to fall into a strange trail of death after the crime.
1299 ::: Huit hommes dans un château (1942) ::: crime ::: Peelidines writes crime novels together. In the cinema, they happen to the report on the outcomes of the shipment that in the lifetime that in life says about survivors. Husband and wife agree that it can start the new story and go and dipuis and see Dupuis to get more information about the drama. When they have died with a bullet of his hotel duo's head of his hotel. The police feature the death like the suicide, but the beginning has found Oracle Ticket in the Dead Pocket. Has his wife takes the train to the selected destination, where in the provinces ...
1300 ::: "Eden" (2006) ::: crime ::: The main hero of this series set at the present time is Honza Bodney, a detective. He was injured in a shoot-out during a police action, resulting in a wheelchair for life. But for a determined young man it does not mean end. Still at Kladrubi's rehabilitation center, his friends and colleagues Lada come to him to seek help with a case that has its own roots in this institution. After his release from the center, Honza decided to become a taxi driver. There is no shortage of customers in a big city like Prague nor in mysterious and criminal cases in which a taxi driver is very easily involved. And then definitely he helps his former colleagues to solve them.
1301 ::: "Burn" (2017) ::: crime ::: "Burning" is the story of the Lion Walsh's story and his five biggest sisters. Since the decades, their father is the most important destiny in the middle "(divisions of 80 and 35) in the northern California. Sending it nationally, using his family truck company. But when the father dies sudden, old son, Lyon becomes the head of family. Now went to his father, violent secrets to self-growing plant, and to force the trucking company, and the truck company. Moreover, a large football cartels in the dying of drugs because of their control seizure and the United States Drug Trade. Lyon has been accused of taking his dangerous life in the end of this dangerous life in the end of it and prepare his fathers and providing them. Unfortunately, wherever he looks like that, reasons are the reasons for staying in games. And now with the watch ticket, and the leon was not any stranger for violence, should decide whether he will go to the war and stay alive.
1302 ::: "Lawless" (2013) ::: crime ::: Jacob Reese is a cool, calm detective with the Metrocity police department. His partner was killed in the fire line. Jacob will never work with a partner again. That is until his boss assigns him a partner, Eunice Lee. She is a small blast who is ready to kick some ass in the underworld of crime of the metroCity. Can the two get along? Without killing each other first?
1303 ::: Family Business (????/II) ::: crime ::: Lucky Neopali has maintained peace in his city for more than 20 years until the head of another family is affected and his new boss sees things differently. Lucky tries to maintain peace, but he can only take both before he must flex his power and show everyone why he is the reigning boss.
1304 ::: Queen Pin (2010) ::: crime ::: Health medicine but Rhanni decided to take place where he loved. When you take a difficult and satisfy its plans he finds that it is not the only game in the country. Angry thing like Rhanni and a battle causes it to get high hands.
1305 ::: Huit hommes dans un château (1942) ::: crime ::: Paladines write crime novels together. In a cinema, they see a report on the consequences of a sinking in which Lieutenant Dupuis recounts the death of an old man in the rescue canoe bearing the survivors. The husband and the woman agree that this could be the starting point for a new story and go to Dupuis to get more details on the drama. When they come to his hotel, Dupuis died with a bullet in his head. Police describe the death of suicide, but Paladine found a train ticket in the pocket of the dead man. With his wife, he takes the train to the specified destination, somewhere in the provinces ...
1306 ::: Alphamann: Die Selbstmörderin (1999) ::: crime ::: Arms Trader Close Hebner is respected by staff and bosses. No one suspects he is escaping the teenager in his home cellar. He escapes, but hebner chasing it is in the building where he threatens to jump. Warning by a passing, Swat Captain Roszweg Tom Lashk and Jessica Van appeal to Dur Lan. Hidden, Tom prevents his jumping, but soon he becomes locked again, just to find his body immediately. He is on the run, and later takes it to the psyche .Noiko, both hostage. When his traumatic past is linked to his dangerous mad, he pushes Tom to the gunpoint, without a mid-term plan, to drive a police car stolen to Poland.
1307 ::: Kommissar Dupin - Bretonische Brandung (2014) ::: crime ::: The Metropolitan Police Inspector Dupin was previously relocated to the Rural Britanny. His second case begins on a remote island where the bodies of three drugged sailors were washed on the shore. Dupin wants to deal with Sullen Islanders and at the same time wants to keep his former girlfriend in good mood as he traveled to visit all the way from Paris. Transferred to Brittany from Paris from a vindictive superior, French National Police Commissioner Georges Dupin should examine the deaths of three drunk local men washed on their island shore after overcoming a storm. The autopsy shows that they were seriously drugged, which stopped an accident. The island is the basis of the battle between environmentalists who defend a maritime reserve plan and a real estate development project. However Dupin also appears from the medicinal provenance of poison and digs into more personal relationships, even a dark old past. The second killing follows.
1308 ::: Neighbourhood (????) ::: crime ::: London 1985 in Cyprio and sypriber Sypress of Wanlababs of exposure to a red and back to the launder the road.
1309 ::: Nazhoen Chharo (2008) ::: crime ::: Urban youth issues such as drugs, small crime and violence are ingredients for a story in which Bhutan finds his own way of tackling the side effects of modernity. The rapid developments of Bhutan in recent years also have its dark sides; Youth unemployment has exploded together with crime and abuse of drugs. A young man, played by actor Tshering Gyeltshen,, however, has a plan to save prisoners from a criminal career, but the plan changes into a nightmare ...
1310 ::: Dark Clouds of London (2018) ::: crime ::: Inspired by a real British gangster in a real life that redefined a mafia. The childhood friendship between the shyness of Michael Vitzini and the adventurous London youth, Paul Adams, is formed on the harsh street of London in the 1970s. When two simple young people are looking for each other like brothers, they are involved in the world of gender, drugs, and crime. The hot head pole pole is eager to excitement and wealth. Michael Quirer, who is more talented, tries to find both. Criminal companies will tear their friendship and separate them for the next 15 years. Fifteen years later, their two worlds collide with London, riding a storm that must be gathered again to fight the same dangerous enemy. And it falls when he tries to redefine the mafia.
1311 ::: Andel blazené smrti (1966) ::: crime ::: The counterintelligence of Czechoslovak intercepts a coded message from the secret services of the West-German ordering death for an unknown person on Czech territory. Among the unusual deaths that follow in the coming hours, a car mechanic and his girlfriend die in a car whose brakes have been apparently damaged. The car belonged to a foreign citizen named Mertens and the car mechanic borrowed him without authorization. Mertens was later found dead in his room in a Brno hotel. He was electrocuted by his electric razor, which had been falsified.
1312 ::: Krov za krov (1991) ::: crime ::: It was 1991, the last year of the Soviet Union, a steady confusion time, conferences and demonstrations. Police detective Major Kazantsave has been appointed to lead the team that investigates the exploitation and murder of a prominent former Army General. To find criminals, he had to consult with various people in many Soviet cities, and he accidentally met on the train when the beautiful woman was trying to maintain a relationship with Elena.
1313 ::: Trio (2003) ::: crime ::: Three people in the cabin of an 18-wheeler: Alexei the driver, his partner Nikolai and Marina, a prostitute they got on their way. Or so it seems ... In fact, all three police detectives are. Their task: to discover a gang that has robbed long -distance cars.
1314 ::: Killerjagd. Schrei, wenn du dich traust (2010) ::: crime ::: Anna (Alexandra Neldel) receives a phone call from her new business partner Philipp Rothkamm (Maximilian von Pufendorf): A young woman (Emily Cox) claims on an Elite University, she was sexually abused under the influence of knockout drops at a Fresher 'Fest. But after a personal interview, her doubts arise. Shortly thereafter, the young woman commits suicide.
1315 ::: Killerjagd. Schrei, wenn du dich traust (2010) ::: crime ::: Anna (Alexandra Neldel) receives a phone call from her new business partner Philip Rutchmam (Maximilian von Puffersorf): At an elite university, a young woman (Emily Cox), she is influenced by knockout droplets in a freshrs' case Sexual harassment is festival, but after a personal interview, there is doubt. Shortly thereafter, the young woman commits suicide.
1316 ::: Mr. Lockjaw (2015) ::: crime ::: Mr. Lockjaw is an American drama series by Justin Craig and Byron Conrad Erwin. Mr. Lockjaw was produced and produced in Atlanta, Georgia, and is the story of Miles Brimley (Troy Halverson), a fighting children'sum entertainer who is drawn into the underworld of the criminal survey and torture by his disturbed dummy, Mr. Lockjaw. Miles is no choice but to dig deeper and deeper than to give Mr. Lockjaw's increasingly dangerous wishes. In Gwyneth, a glimmer of hope appears to him, a relaxed drug addict, who hopes that her childhood child can help her with miles to escape painful memories. The situation of Miles and Lockjaw is further difficult by the crumbling empire of their once powerful employer Hubaldus Hercolani; His number one, Leonard Stanley; And a blackmailed policeman, Bill Preslin. If that was not enough, with the Detective Schafley, one of Gumshoe's book, with miles as the main suspect is drawn into a murder case ... or should the Mr. Lockjaw be? Each story has two sides, and Mr. Lockjaw takes this literally. The abdominal speaker Miles Brimley Moonlights as an information from the criminal world, which is led by the notorious Herbaldus Hercolani, is a children's entertainer during the day. With a main character to Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde reminds, the series takes the audience into a splintered world of a double figure that fights between light and dark. The ultimate human question raises more than just a crime drama: which side are you really? It is the story of a man who is surrounded by murder, criminal activity and corruption and in which it is involved, but in the heart he is looking for the simple joys of life that most of which are taken for granted. His struggle is to survive his environment, his enemies and, above all, the demands of his age Ego, the sized marionette called Mr. Lockjaw. The show is full of dry joke and glib satire and is not a comedy itself, but a dark headlight that illuminates the ugliest side of our existence and still recognizes the innate humor of the concept. Mr. Lockjaw uses his southern realism premise to open twisted opportunities that could not be made on a grounded show. The ordinary characters stand for the audience as observers of the increasingly mourning interrogation methods of Mr. Lockjaw. Each episode provides another water cooler moment of bizarre deaths, unforeseen turns and unforgettable weapons that could only emerge from a disturbed dummy mouth. In a world of duality, Mr. Lockjaw licks both sides of the double -edged sword.
1317 ::: Le veilleur (2003) ::: crime ::: A serial killer and a rendezv's hotel friction over a young and innocent night porter. When he hides the next money, he tries to overcome everything. But you should not try to play games with a serial killer, especially when he is wearing a police uniform.
1318 ::: "Der Zürich-Krimi" (2016) ::: crime ::: Attorney Thomas Borchert is awaiting the destruction to the Formany. He says the promises of a former Zail was a shopping for money and money if he would take all the bows in the court. Raise a lawyer to defend himself, but it goes when it is doing the proof Against his collective privacy workers. Then he saw it carelessly of the Kuhught to the Captain Purter, mainly after borchert.
1319 ::: Cidade Ameaçada (1960) ::: crime ::: The story of Passarinho, one of the most frightened and dangerous Brazilian criminals. He and his gang terrorized Săo Paulo with their robberies for several years. Famous for his actions of opposition to the authorities, Passarinho was the hottest news in the city by a frantic media, and also managed to find love in the company of a diligent woman.
1320 ::: Untitled Brooklier Project (????) ::: crime ::: Anthony Brooklier's true life story, a lawyer who went from working at the United States Attorney office for the Los Angeles district, was tough as the nails prosecutor, the first client, his father, the head of La Mob, the head of La Mob. The story of the family and son is against the Los Angeles in the 1970s in the 1970s.
1321 ::: Nahota na prodej (1993) ::: crime ::: Young journalism came to Nancy Prague to undergo internships. He has a Czech root so he chose prague. Igon and the former police officer are looking for a personal detective who stole the sixteen-year-old girl. His father can help you hopeless or the police. The investigation is a Roman bank of traders in prostitution and pornography.
1322 ::: Scam (????) ::: crime ::: A group of scheme artists then resumed to steal intervals before short-term crimes. Leaded by the "former police officer, they execute their mission only just found him to break abducted in him.
1323 ::: Swamy Ra Ra (2013) ::: crime ::: An invaluable statue from the temple travels with many hands and eventually reaches the hero, which is a pocket pocket that accidentally sells it at a cheaper price that is a small don, who kidnapped his girlfriend and demands an idol. And demands an idol. The rest of the story in return is how the hero managed to get an idol and girl
1324 ::: Noshtta sreshtu 13-i (1961) ::: crime ::: Todor Primov is a royal army officer who changes the sides and goes to the partisans. After the war, he graduates in engineering and is appointed manager of several construction projects. His car collides on the eve of March 13th. After his healing, Primov resumes his work. However, secret information begins to flow from projects and some serious accidents occur. Andrey, who became friends with Todor Primov again in the partisan unit, goes to investigate the causes. He knows that Todor was blind in color while this engineer distinguished colors. Andrey manages to reach the truth: Parvan Primov, Todor's twin brother, has made a car collision. On that night he killed his brother and took his place ...
1325 ::: "Killer Instinct with Chris Hansen" (2017) ::: crime ::: Poker Club owner Paul Horn is shot at his apartment. He made some deadly enemies and detectives reveal four suspects, all with the opportunity to kill Paul. Chris Hansen investigates which one took the ultimate games and attracted the trigger.
1326 ::: Darkly Dreaming Billy Ward (2009) ::: crime ::: Billy Ward's homicides are directed by an inner voice that refers to as the "dark passenger", which constantly encourages him to kill. Billy Ward's character is based on the fictional character Dexter found in Jeff Lindsay's novel; Dexter to dream dark. Billy's first killing catalyst comes in the form of an old Hitchcock movie, which Billy watches a late night on television. The scene that causes his inner voice is brutally choked women. It is this image that changes Billy in his murder area and causes him to go out on the streets of New York and take his first life. Hidden police, Jena Cole, based on the character of the Marvel comic with the same name, is working hidden on the streets of New York as a prostitute and a drug user. It is she who finally finds herself becoming the first victim of Billy.
1327 ::: Zweikampf (1986) ::: crime ::: An elderly citizen - who is guided from the only dream of his life peacefully - is very innovative in killing every problematic in his neighborhood and allowing it to look like events. Only a retired head is suspected of murder, but none of his former colleagues believe in him. So he starts investigating the cases alone, and a deadly duel, but nevertheless starts the deadly (German "zweikampf") between both retirees.
1328 ::: Point mort (1984) ::: crime ::: A man is shot down at a province airport. Despite his wounds, he manages to move to his plane to Italy without knowing that the murderers are already waiting for him. During the flight, he remembers the events that led him there. His name is Matou and he was a Formula -1 champion before it was banned due to a fatal accident of race tracks. Matou ran into the company of Lena, his employer's girlfriend. But while they were in the open country, they were shot by mysterious pursuers, which was the beginning of a wild manhunt.
1329 ::: Monsters of Mulberry Street (2017) ::: crime ::: Mario Latona, (Frank Montero) and his crew are young children with a passion for crime. Mario dreams of becoming a real gangster such as his uncle Frank, (Alfredo Nasti) an under-bodem of the local mob-head, but to do this he must first operate under his uncle. In New York's, "Little Italy". Frank Montero plays in "Monsters of Mulberry Street".
1330 ::: "Schuld" (2015) ::: crime ::: In the latest analysis, all this falls for guilt, different shades of guilt to assume in one moment of thought or in the months of premeditated planning. Defense lawyer Friedrich Knonberg knows he wants to hire legal scales of justice in favor of his client for crimes that are never black and white and what they may appear.
1331 ::: "Dial 999" (1958) ::: crime ::: This episode tells the story of a case in London of 1950, which the police have called 'Spaceman'. Start with a theft at gunpoint, where the thief escapes hanging on the back of an extraction truck, after standing at the top to steal the payroll from an office through the first floor window. After their escape, the thieves change their motorcycle truck. Maguire is called to investigate, find the truck and continue your search for the gang. One of Crooks's trios is Sue to Woman (played by Jo Owen), while the two men in the gang are Kemp (played by Neil McCarthy) and Groves (Michael Ely). While checking the evidence around the stolen clique, Maguire notices some holes in the floor made by the high heels of a woman.
1332 ::: 75A4053: The Ronald DeFeo Interview (2014) ::: crime ::: After the walls of the Green-Secity Green Haven correction structure, documentary director Ryan Katzenbach interviews Ronald J. "Butch" Defeo, Jr. Defeo was convicted, in 1975, of the killing of his entire family, which brought the house fraud "Amityville Horror". The story was the theme of the Katzenbach 2011-2014 trilogy series, "Shattered Hopes: The Trough Story of the Amityville Murders". In June 2014, Katzenbach interviewed Defeo Firsth to ask questions about "Horror Amityville", his family and the killings that took place four decades ago. This is the first time an interview has been presented to the public that is uncontrolled and unimpeded.
1333 ::: In Name Only (????) ::: crime ::: Only in the name is a drama of family crime with a star, a cross lover of lovers and a high -tech heist, which brings the genre in the 21st century.
1334 ::: Alphamann: Die Selbstmörderin (1999) ::: crime ::: The arms merchant Claus Hübner is respected by the staff and the boss. No one suspects that he keeps the youth prisoner escaped Nadja in servitude in his winery. She escapes, but Hübner chases her to a building she threatens to jump. Alerted by a passer -by, Captain Swat Rosenzweig appeals to Tom Leschek and Jessica van der Laan. Hidden, Hübner observes while Tom prevents him from jumping, but soon catches her to be locked again, just for her body to be discovered shortly after. She is fleeing and carries it, then both psychologists, hostages. While his traumatic past is linked to his dangerous madness, he forces Tom at gunpoint to drive a stolen police car towards Poland, without a mid -period plan.
1335 ::: Raat Ki Baat (2000) ::: crime ::: Raja as a child is sold to Moneylender as a repayment of loans taken by his parents. This is the act of his stepmat he develops hate for the woman as a whole. Raja grows as a gangster-the kidnapping of girls and selling them becoming his profession. Once upon a time he seized a sick widow and decides to sell it only when she is fully recovered. While developing a soft corner for her, but before he could express his desire, the widow became aware of his bad profession. He ridicules Raja from his activities that make sense of Raja and he decides that he will protect the girls from the bad characters and become a worthy goodman of the widows. In the process of protecting an innocent girl Raja commits murder, ending in the drama of the courtroom.
1336 ::: Busted! Animal Smugglers (2014) ::: crime ::: Nat Geo Wild goes inside the shocking and real animal smuggling stories. Every year millions of animals are smuggled across international borders. With an estimated value of dollars a year, smuggling of wildlife is one of the nation's largest black markets. See the strange ways of smugglers removing their illegal schemes.
1337 ::: American Fetish (2011) ::: crime ::: When the son of the murder inherits the "blue movie" that may be the key to solving a 50 -year -old murder, he notices that he is drawn into a forbidden world of sexual obsession Masu. However, the closer he approaches the mysterious center, the threatening the past will reach out to the present and the terrible truth will be revealed to guide him on the brink of enthusiasm.
1338 ::: Qui pro quo (2012) ::: crime ::: Ben simply can't find out what's happening to him. Things simply make no sense. Who is this stranger looks like? Why did someone look for his apartment? Someone follow him? They want him or someone else? And most importantly, who can trust? His teammates? His roommate? His ex-girlfriend? The more he finds, the more he digs the deeper, the more confused. Each answer raises a new question.
1339 ::: Tom Dollar (1967) ::: crime ::: As a prince of Iran, a prince of Iran has been killed before signing the mining for Ciyaya, will happen to her behind it.
1340 ::: Beyond the Edge (1986) ::: crime ::: Chicago of 1980 and a serial killer are taking out beautiful young women one by one. A virgin, which cannot click just with women from whom she is attracted, decides to make them a way or any other way. The look, responsibility, talent and even the attraction of voice takes to suffer from this psychiatric mad for these women. Follow detectives on the case and genocide bodies mark. The closing climax that tells everyone with a turn that no one sees.
1341 ::: Red Army Hooligans (2018) ::: crime ::: Tony was the leader of the Body London Hollowan Company, but while fighting Russian nutrition keeps the tolerance and must be sitting some fun. There is a clipping of a football World Cup in Russia and he wants to set some back payments. Tony was the leader of the Body London Hollowan Company, but while fighting Russian nutrition keeps the tolerance and must be sitting some fun. There is a clipping of a football World Cup in Russia and he wants to set some back payments. But officials in the administration and telecommunication under their control of its own organization and Tony, poker.
1342 ::: Beyond the Edge (1986) ::: crime ::: The Shakago and Serial Killer's Killer's Killer's beautiful young women out with one. A Bahler, who is not just talking to women that he has been attracted to, decide to make his way or other way. Relationships and ability and even sound touch for this ladies to be victim to the victim of this psychological meseic. Follow the detector in the case and followed the bodies of mass. List Cammix that describes all with a tweet no one seems.
1343 ::: Holmes University 4: Origins of the Fall (2016) ::: crime ::: A year has passed since Sherlock Holmes and John Watson became a roommate. Everything seems to be working with the master detective and his buddy John Watson. Until MORIARTY gives an ominous warning about what is coming. Bring them to too personal cases, which will bring their loved ones in danger, exposing their friendship very much. Can they stop her?
1344 ::: "Accardo" (2018) ::: crime ::: Unintentionally not knowingly and describes Tony "large tuna" of a growing torn and becoming violent in Chicago. From the beginning as a good friend / guardian and the cost of the Chicago Den is visible to help help help with assistance in Las Vegas and beyond.
1345 ::: A Questionable Protagonist (????) ::: crime ::: The city of Los Angeles is highly divided into two zones: rich and poor. Crime is in its peak in the poor area. Former print Kyle H. Holmes is washed drunk, living in the rich area, he was the face of the African War campaign. After encouning the poor zone, Kyle soon turns out to be killing all those who cause a crime in the poor zone, this becomes the new source of Kyle for adrenaline and a goal, with the murder of Kyle, members of the gang, rapists and drug dealers , of course, corrupt cops and the notorious Lord of Drugs and Crimes, Cocaine N Coco Pops. The modern apartheid divides the city of Los Angeles into two zones. The separation is between prosperity and poverty; Crime is at its top. Ex navy seal, kyle h. Holmes is a washed a Playboy millionaire, Kyle one day finds himself on the greater side of the city after being lost; He witnesses rape and uses his special set of skills to kill the rapist. Kyle, who gets bored of life, turns out to return to the greater side of the city to fight crime and to kill those who cause it; All this sees that Kyle causes a very concerned notorious crime and drugs, Lord Cocaine N 'Coco Pops and corrupt legal performers.
1346 ::: Kill the Irishman (2017) ::: crime ::: When his fiancé is murdered by a very mafia, he said family, Irish gangster Connor O'Clahan fled from Ireland in an attempt to escape his painful memories. Now about two years later, while living in Canada, drinking heavy alcohol, chain smoking killer is once again caught in the life of organized crime. After a young prostitute steals a small fortune from the crowd, to track his conner and his men, but would he really be able to end the lives of poor girls? Or it will be a chance to do something good for once at the end.
1347 ::: The Freemason (2013) ::: crime ::: A rich banker is ritual and brutally murdered. The daughter of the banker and only heir, Rana (Alex McKenna), calls Cyrus Rothwell (Randy Wayne), a brilliant but eccentric independent writer, to help the investigation. Combining with the veteran detective of homicides Leon Weed (Sean Astin), they suddenly find themselves immersed in the cryptic world of Freemasonry - have settled in a killer in search of a legendary relic, wrapped in hundreds of 'years of myth and mystery. Rothwell's problems are multiplying as he deduces the killer is one of the inner circles near the banker. With a heritage of millions of people suspended in balance, everyone is a suspect and each action perceived as a reason. The Rothwell path becomes even more cloudy than its relationship with the beautiful heirs to the edge of charm and collusion. Cyrus is forced to adapt to powers beyond his natural senses as well as to his own mysterious links with Freemasonry in order to unmask the killer before knocking again. The Freemason is a thoughtful suspended thriller Sherlock, Hitchcock game, creating a captivating mystery to unlock.
1348 ::: "Noord Zuid" (2015) ::: crime ::: The north of the south revolves around Dana, and it is investigators working in Amsterdam and using its background as a psychiatrist to solve crimes. After her divorce from Walter, she tries to form her life again-with her 16-year-old daughter, Rose.
1349 ::: Trash Detective (2015) ::: crime ::: In Mossingen, a small town in Swabian, everyone meets UWE, a strange and notorious Barbra. When UWE witnesses the murder of local beauty queen Susi Berger, no one really takes it seriously. Leaving alone with his suspicion, UWE begins to investigate on his own. Step by step begins to discover the dark truths under the idyll of the small city.
1350 ::: Ulterior Motives (2008) ::: crime ::: Omaha, Neb. - The Omaha Police Department remains muffled as national attention is focused on the death of their five. Local sources indicate that the FBI has joined local authorities in their investigation into the death of five Omaha police officers. San Diego, Cal. The FBI service confirmed late yesterday that they were in Omaha in connection with a continued investigation in Southern California. To date, the Omaha Police Department has not recognized any leaders in the bizarre series of murders and resists the use of the term "serial killer" when he refers to what the media called (the cat's alley). Omaha police spokesman has no comments, saying that there is every available law enforcement officer who works on the case.
1351 ::: Sanai meotgin ibyeol (1971) ::: crime ::: On the way from his stingy uncle, Songmin meets Han. Han comes up with a plan to kill the old man for money instead, but Songmin is not aware that Han has already killed his uncle and is looking for a responsible person.
1352 ::: Die Todesgöttin des Liebescamps (1981) ::: crime ::: The US Senator's youth of the United States Senator's Great Lord of the Cultural "Free Love" The Cultural Asian Woman was a strange and beautiful Asian woman. The culture does not provide himself.
1353 ::: Murder at the Presidio (2005) ::: crime ::: Based on the true story of the only murder at the famous San Francisco military base. A military criminal investigating officer goes beyond his orders so that a robbery-induced murder appears to achieve the facts behind it. What he finds can highlight his damaged mental health.
1354 ::: "Girl 17" (2015) ::: crime ::: The United States government to track terrorists and take down, and their sponsors designed to live in the motherland. Prince Omeri is a terrorist funder who goes online to give a girl a good time, and her "girl 17." found. Who is "Girl 17?"
1355 ::: Broadway After Midnight (1927) ::: crime ::: To protect her brother, a nightclub entertainer Queenie Morgan marries a gangster. She has a similarity to a girl from society who has dealt with the underworld and shoots her gangster friend, and the gang forces Queenie to spend the woman to blackmail money from her wealthy parents. Unfortunately, the girl's girl is killed by the gang, and the police arrest queenie arrested because of the murders of both the girl and on her friend.
1356 ::: Kung Liljekonvalje av dungen (2013) ::: crime ::: Einar Bure and his boyfriend Puck Ekstedt are invited to a wedding in the small city of Skoga. Outside the church meet Christer Wijk, head of the national homicide investigation team, with his mother Helena, who invites them to stay in her home for a few days. Suddenly, Joakim Kruse, appears and informs the wedding guests that his bride, Anneli Hassel, did not arrive, which means the wedding is canceled. Early in the morning Christer and Puck stumble on the bride's corpse, located on a lawn. They start investigating the killings, and they will soon discover that many people are located. All of them are definitely not involved in homicide, but they are trying to hide other secrets that can cause disgrace in the small city. All evidence in the case appear to indicate to recluse, Mats Norrgĺrd, found hanging dead in his cottage in wood, but Christer and Puck are quite sure he is not killing. Meanwhile Einar and Puck are planning their own wedding. When Puck does not turn into a preparatory meeting with the parish priest, because she is too involved in the mystery of murder, Einar believes she doesn't like it anymore.
1357 ::: Os Amores da Pantera (1977) ::: crime ::: During the orgy of the blood of many female, a woman with mysterious and kill. That crime causes great threats of the society, such as those examples show that Playboy addicted to Playboy. Although it does not say, the movie depicts the reality in 1975, when the public is executed, the sults of Brazil.
1358 ::: Just Another Noir (2011) ::: crime ::: When a young artist is lost in New Orleans, his sister comes to look for him. Police say there is nothing they can do, so it includes the help of Dorian Hudson, Hack Detective and Kung Fu Hustler to find out what happened. Soon Dorian is running for his life from weapons and men Kung-Fu, after facing the sad reality of his community and recounts which side of the law he stands.
1359 ::: Slaves in Cages: 'Slaver i bure' (1972) ::: crime ::: Rich Playboy (with a bad Elvis hairdresser) begins innocent women, lures them back to his villa, then hints off and locked them in! He lets them eat, whip and rape them like animals from food shells and train them to organize a sex show for his perverse friends (he made his fortune). When the women erotically raised his erotic abuse, they rise and brutally murder him on stage to the roaring applause of the astonished audience! The women are reminiscent of the later blood -sucking freaks and were all driven crazy by their forced captivity and in the end they were not better than their dear, deceased master.
1360 ::: Rehabilitating Justice (2000) ::: crime ::: Brooklyn District Attorney Charles Joe Hynes and NYC Judge Charles Posner successfully started a leading court rehabilitation system through "Pruect legalize", during the justice system of Brooklyn, and they have also established the program as a learning tool in more, out of 300 Brooklyn schools - public, private, Yeshivas, and parish schools.
1361 ::: Howard Lake (????) ::: crime ::: May 15, 1897 - Howard Lake, Mn, Tom Boxell and his wife Lydia met a cruel death - both were repeatedly hit by an intruder - with the ax from the family -Woodpile. Ten people were accused of this terrible incident - unfortunately and maybe incredible, nobody was ever convicted! This is the terrifying story of how the Boxell family and the municipality of Howard Lake were completed with the accusations, investigations and exams of this unthinkable crime - tells the collective voices of the Boxell siblings and the residents of Howard Lake.
1362 ::: A Very Perfect Crime (2013) ::: crime ::: On the broken timeline, two men (Chado Bock Hold and Patrick Pink Stron) discuss the principle of "very perfect crime." ) And forced the bank robbery and two police detectives (Chad Morris, Howie HirSchfield) forced to investigate the "very perfect crime" aftermath.
1363 ::: "Baian the Assassin" (1990) ::: crime ::: In the Edo period in Japan, justice is sometimes difficult to achieve it by natural means. In these cases, the affected people will employ Shigakenin, the deadly killers who are hurt without mercy to kill those who may escape from their legitimate ends. Fujieda Baian is a needle tingling specialist whose community is honestly served as a therapist. There are times, when he becomes a completely different person - the person whose skills are used to kill those who believe themselves above the law and outside justice. This crime drama was depicted in Eddu and other historical sites in Japan, which is the dark flavor of the novels written by Shotaro Ecinami on which it is based.
1364 ::: "Dui zhi" (2007) ::: crime ::: Early in the morning, two shots break the peace of the city of Yongzhou. Li Pingyuan, president of the largest company in Yongzhou, is seriously injured and his bodyguard is shot down by a shooter. When Yongzhou police quickly move to the scene to investigate, Sun Haibin, an entrepreneur whose business is based on a criminal organization, is also shot. At the same time, a poured body is found and reported. Several online murders shock the administration of Yongzhou and provincial leadership in the Ministry of Public Security. Consequently, Yan Haidong, captain of the detachment of the provincial criminal investigation, is appointed to lead the investigation, and a special team of competent police investigation is created. The confrontation between justice and the evil begins ...
1365 ::: Koubanji (2002) ::: crime ::: This trigger depicts a professional man/killer (Ni Ming Ran) hired to determine a goal. However, her girlfriend pregnancy (so Yoon Ku) thinks her second. He decides to abandon his career and enter himself. After his release from prison, he considers his girlfriend married. He bent over with a revenge, he was in touch with a former who had met in prison, a young man was unjustly imprisoned. They plan the job, but his hatred disappears when he sees the old girlfriend and his daughter. Unfortunately, it is determined to eliminate justice, his young partner kills the girl who left her.
1366 ::: Las Vegas Lady (1975) ::: crime ::: In Las Vegas, Lucky and two girlfriends, Carol and Lisa, will steal $ 500,000 from the circus circus casino sadistic manager. The shadow man is their contact and organizer. Each woman can be a weak link to the perfect scheme. Lucky boyfriend is a casino security guard, Lisa is an empty artist who is now suffering from dizziness, and Carol has debt to the troublesome thug -plus, a black woman. It is subject to additional harassment. Can a gal be separated from robbery, or is the plan a mysterious organizer and is too complicated to succeed?
1367 ::: Brother's Keeper (2018/II) ::: crime ::: Two adopted brothers who fight against different mental illnesses, accidentally commit murders and, hiding their crimes, they find their true identity. A story of power and control; Love and hatred - Sometimes the only options become deadly.
1368 ::: Jaggu (1975) ::: crime ::: The Jagite Jag Jag Jag Jag Jag Jag Jag Jag Jagon to the crime and the police are looking for. Police are a gentleman, but decides to manage a news out for the police and struggled in court, and sentenced to two years in prison. After his hook fabrics after his holiday is disturbing the Kazia, a widely sorry about the jaggans, and upside down. Said a day a widow and ask her to rescue from her, gaea from the gita that has been abducted by instance. Although fighting is a rented hand-handed, Jags save the gaeth, both love each other and marry. A transparent email wants to die at all Jabblin costs and is ready for the purpose of killing him. And those who have he intended to rent the renting no one else
1369 ::: "Noord Zuid" (2015) ::: crime ::: The north-south is about Dana, a female detective working in Amsterdam and uses its background as a psychologist to resolve crimes. After her divorce from Walter she tries to shape her life again -along with her daughter Rose, a 16 -year -old.
1370 ::: Hardcourt (2018) ::: crime ::: When the basketball coach was convicted by killing his for his former taxes and her old players and her formerly ambiguous, for my husband. The surface of them for exposure the truth of the crime.
1371 ::: "Ella Meets Life" (2017) ::: crime ::: The former Middle Ala Arkins returns to his hometown of Michigan's Detroit to be able to be at Gross Point High School in Forensic Science Education. After pursuing his dreams in Los Angeles, he destroys brutal drug addiction to the hero. This return story faces transparency of research with dark redemption. Ella fights to bring back his life back in the early 1930s, he has to face the dark cloud of depression and obsessive compulsive disorder, while the pieces of his life are reunited.
1372 ::: The Rat (1925) ::: crime ::: When bored etiquette Zelie de Chamet begs her lover, corrupt and powerful status, to slum her, the pair Pierre Baucaran, aka 'The Rat', Paris Underworld's boy-king and innocent Odile Facing Love, life and jewelry are at risk and are lost in this powerful romantic melodrama because the life of four characters is replaced by this opportunity encounter forever.
1373 ::: "Duel au soleil" (2014) ::: crime ::: Corsica wildly provides a legendary background for police investigations of unusual pair with various methods. A fantastic-couple crime drama in which a well respected, PE officer does teams with a cop who constantly question its methods.
1374 ::: The Rat (1925) ::: crime ::: When bored etiquette Zelie de Chamet begs her lover, corrupt and powerful status, to slum her, the pair Pierre Baucaran, aka 'The Rat', Paris Underworld's boy-king and innocent Odile Facing Love, life and jewelry are at risk and are lost in this powerful romantic melodrama because the life of four characters is replaced by this opportunity encounter forever.
1375 ::: The Rat (1925) ::: crime ::: When the boring courtesan Zelie de Chaumet prays his lover, the corrupt and powerful Stetz, to take their slip, the couple meets Pierre Boucheron, aka 'La Rata', the child of the Underworld of Paris and the innocent Odile. Love, life and jewels risk and get lost in this powerful romantic melodrama, since the life of the four characters changes for this casual encounter forever.
1376 ::: Erie, the Collar Bomb Story (????) ::: crime ::: On August 28, 2003, in the suburbs of Eri, Pennsylvania, a pizza delivery man named Brian Wells was earned by several men who closed an explosive equipment around his neck. He then ordered him to rob a bank. After giving money, he will get clues to help remove the bomb. It was one of the simplest bank robbery plans in history, known by the FBI as a collarbomb. It did not go according to the plan. Soon after the robbery, Wells raised by the police never found the necessary clue to remove the bomb around his neck. He died before the bomb squad arrives, but after the national news was on the spot. Sadly, he died on live TV. Investigating the crime after his serious death, the FBI soon found that Wales was not really, an innocent victim. He was the first co-anxator to fall in a bizarre mark of death after the crime.
1377 ::: Gang Busters (1942) ::: crime ::: Detective Lieutenant. There is an appointment of an unknown gang of criminal terrorists on the city of Bill Bannister. Helping him is Detective Tim Nolan, News Photographer Vicky Logan and Reporter Happy Huskins. The gang leader found that the gang leader was a mysterious professor Mortis and was designed with known criminals officially listed in the gang police records. After committing suicide by hanging while everyone was executed, Mortis became a member of the "murder of men". By the end of the bill, after the plane crashed, after dynamic, leaving the well and other lectures, tracking the gang to two secret bases; A underground cell and suburban mystery house under the city's subway.
1378 ::: The Prez (????) ::: crime ::: The Syedani Western City, a young boy became president of the first and most property aircraft. Drug production and imports from competitive groups from corruption, domestic and business politics from 1960 to 1985.
1379 ::: "Noord Zuid" (2015) ::: crime ::: North-South is like Dana, a woman working in Amsterstam and his background as a psychologist to solve crime. Divorce Walter by Walter he was trying to make his life again - she and her daughter was up to 16 years of age.
1380 ::: Nether World (1997) ::: crime ::: In a courageous scene and storytelling, 'Nether World' is the story of aging and rude CIA Essacin (W. Morgan Shepard, Wild et Hart) and an idealist young agent (in the name of Mark Shepard, Father) Wil to partner with P TE on his last assignment Has been done. In a courageous scene and storytelling, 'Nether World' is the story of aging and rude CIA Essacin (W. Morgan Shepard, Wild et Hart) and an idealist young agent (in the name of Mark Shepard, Father) Wil to partner with P TE on his last assignment Has been done. When the young agent begins to uncover a terrifying mystery that is buried in the past of his spouse and linked to his current assignment, ideologies collide and stress. One mystery, if completely overed, it can destroy both. Time is suspended. The past and the present begin to be unclear as the identity and fate of the two men. The haunted story of Los and Redemption 'Nether World' is a feature film debut by Award -winning director Anders Dalgard, compared with the form of Visions of Beckett and David Lynch.
1381 ::: Jurrat (1989) ::: crime ::: Abdura Roti was the first person to challenge Underworld Don, Bombay, and his life was shortened when a bomb exploded at his bakery in Bandra. The second person who challenged Kama arrested Gardder, one of his friends, and was able to take him to court, but eventually the court accusation was lightly empty and stopped from duty. He was a Lamb Sinwriter who was detained. When he returns home that night, he finds a house in the dark. When he entered, he finds the lively body of his wife Savitori and his son Sunny. Lamb does not get evidence to Kama and takes alcohol. The third challenging Kama is Joseph, one of his own friends, and he escapes in a suitcase full of money with his girlfriend, Julie. Both are hunt and take them to Kama. Julie and Joseph try to make Kama into the suburbs, but their conspiracy is discovered and Joseph's life ends. At present, Avinash Inspector has been transferred from Delhi and KAMA's case is assigned. Avinash is married to Renu. Information providers, Anwir, leads Avinache to Gold Biscuits, but they turn out to be a real biscuit, and they are tremendously embarrassing at the police station. Avinash has succeeded in arresting Girdhar, and it is only said that this action will risk Renu's life. Does Avinash dare to continue to cross Kama and be another victim?
1382 ::: Hibotan bakuto: Jingi tooshimasu (1972) ::: crime ::: The Red Peony visits an old president who dies for a family of ally and promises that he will help direct the new president. At the same time, the grass war collapses. When the family is betrayed from the inside and the competing family becomes violent, Oryu takes things in their hands.
1383 ::: Poruno sutâ (1998) ::: crime ::: The psychopath comes with a bag full of knife with the intention of killing Yakuja in Arano Tokyo. He goes closer to the small gangster Kamizo, who was assigned by the old Yakuja Boss to kill Gangster Matsunaga, but he is not a killer. When Arano kills two American drug dealers, Kamizo steals the boom box with drugs. But young prostitute Alice convinced Arano to rob drugs and travel to Fiji with him. When she disappears with drugs, Arno started her fierce against Yakuja. A young man decides a day to kill Yakuja. When he kills his first two, he helps to help a Vanabe Gangster and his Bambling Underworing to a hit. While things work in the beginning, this young psychopath quickly gets more trouble than expected of gangs. Will they be able to get rid of themselves, or will they be the next victim of him?
1384 ::: When London Sleeps (1932) ::: crime ::: Slipsee Rodney Honey Hans is perfect at Humpstop, while in the Humpstop is the only link to the london of them seems to be a tummy ballet Is in a serious debt with a serious debt with Hughes and Lambarian Marie, Lambitey looks daughter. In fact, there is more unexpected communication between the two worlds.
1385 ::: The Black Roses Project (2015) ::: crime ::: Three women come together to resolve cases of missing people who have been linked to human trafficking and a deadly series killer. The ladies are twisted through the wheel of misfortune as they themselves are beaten and tortured until they can find away to escape and respect the mistakes of these notorious criminals.
1386 ::: Bao zou shen tan (2015) ::: crime ::: The film is based on Shanghai in 1920. which is still partly controlled by Western powers. A young detective who works for the commission acquires a case issued by one of his bosses. The case would affect the detective's life. Shocking dangers and betrayals, would continue to change the lives of the people around it.
1387 ::: The Iron Cage (2017) ::: crime ::: Huang Sheng is unconscious to the iron cage. CAPTOR asks Huang to explain the "lost Sarira case" that attracts the whole country. A year ago, Huang was an unknown security captain. When he breaks the "missing Sarira case", he is called "detective". As Huang Sheng continues, more and more facts arise: local real estate developers are destroyed by violence, people do everything to gain fame, and people hide the truth to their own benefit. This film is a metaphor for low people's living conditions. People are ignored and numb to protect traditional culture. Sarira also implies unbelief in the film. The truth is slowly disappeared. The film covers an ancient Chinese shadow and Aria-Lao Qiang. Humanity is imprisoned in a cage. People, like controlled controlled dolls, are not able to walk out of the human predatory, and they cannot exit the iron cage.
1388 ::: Nahota na prodej (1993) ::: crime ::: Nancy, a young journalist student, arrives in Prague for internship. He has the roots of the check, so he chose Prague. Along with an Agon journalist and a former policeman, a private detective who has been kidnapped in search of a sixteen -year -old girl. His father is disappointed and the police will not help. Their research leads them to a Roman gang of traders in prostitution and pornography.
1389 ::: Red Army Hooligans (2018) ::: crime ::: Tony was the leader of a notorious London hooliganism firm, but while fighting a Russian Ultra he faces a head injury and some fun should sit out. The Football World Cup 2018 is decreasing in Russia and it wants to organize some pebacks. Tony was the leader of a notorious London hooliganism firm, but while fighting a Russian Ultra he faces a head injury and some fun should sit out. The Football World Cup 2018 is decreasing in Russia and it wants to organize some pebacks. But the authorities emphasized their organization and Tony has to make arrangements to fight some underground boxing, poker and himself.
1390 ::: Le malin plaisir (1975) ::: crime ::: Philipalab's improvements, the writer and histories were dead before completing her study, the Mark Auction, the Mark Auction, Malaysia. Fontuban is five women five women: Julie, a special secretary, allegiance, Kany, Meniste, Menisan, Menisan, Menisan, Menisan, Menisan, Menisan, Menisan, Millissin, Malissin. Did he die from a simple accident? Dig Joniccketkic Mach Match Diac Match Diar Crazennnan Wilternamal SchreistsLeNNNNNEN SCHRISTSLENNNNEN SCHIFITALIN HARTEFITALAN DARTEFITALLANTAL DARCODINIAL WELLANDIN. Mark Sitzat in Dennnisin Classier's Dancen Classier's employment Gold Comet Comet Ihm Hardst Gold Kamit Ihm Hardst Garden Markus Marks Marks Marks Marks Marks Marks Marks Marks Marks Marks Marks Marks. Katexaggg: "Bernard t. Michera Javed is marked by the dancer of the dance, or who is raped in a port and who has been raped in a port?" (H.b.)
1391 ::: Shaft 6 (2018) ::: crime ::: Shaft 6 Carlton, 2006. The small town of mining is shocked by the discovery of a corpse on the infamous axis 6. The mystery surrounds the motive, but another dead miner is a reminder of how little has changed in democracy. The city is on the advantage and people want answers. Strong miners the barricade of the mine entrance and refuse to allow anyone within the complex to leave before their requirements are met. Sergeant Bo Mazibuko, a respected police officer and team leader in the Riot squad, has been sent to distribute the situation. In the back of his mind, he finds himself drawn to the matter. Detective Heinrich Theron, a rebellious with a cause, struggles to stay in the point on the matter. The police captain is concerned about his relationship with the mine chief. Johan Theron, his father, has run the mine for many years, passed down from generation to generation; There would be no city without it. However, when Johan arrives at the house to call a personal debt, it becomes clear that the body is decided to discover things that both men will prefer to forget.
1392 ::: Os Amores da Pantera (1977) ::: crime ::: During an orgy of millionaires, a woman is kidnapped and mysteriously killed. Crime causes quite a shake in local society, as investigations indicate a well-known dependent playboy. Although never said, the film is vaguely based on a real case that happened in 1975, when Socialite ângela Diniz was killed by its loved ones Doca Street, Búzios, Brazil.
1393 ::: "Burn" (2017) ::: crime ::: "Burn" is the story of Leon Walsh and his five grown brothers. For decades, their father decided the "80/35 territory" (Interstate 80 and 35 Connect in des Moines, Iowa, making it a very important drug trafficking destination.) He grew thousands of pounds of Marijuana in northern California and transferred it at national level, using the company of its family trucks. But when the father dies suddenly, the oldest boy, Leon, becomes the head of the family. With their father now, violent competitors want to strengthen themselves in a position to exceed the ever-important "80/35", their growing plantation, and the truck company. In addition, a dangerous drug cartel sees the death of fathers as their opportunity to seize control and gain a larger basis in U.S. drug trade. Leon, now in charge, finds himself torn between securing her fathers' legacy and providing life for his family who are accustomed, or sell business to finally put this dangerous life of crime. Behind them once and for all. Unfortunately, wherever it seems, there are reasons to stay in the game a little longer. And now with the clock marks, and Leon is no stranger to violence, he must decide whether he will go to war or throw the family fortune to survive.
1394 ::: Oboroten v pogonakh (2013) ::: crime ::: Captain Rykov cracked the most complex dead-end affairs. His reputation first makes him; His firm argument, blasphemy and experience contributes to his success. He is so good that he says something that he is supernaturally gift. Well, let's just say that his success keeps him dominating the moon…
1395 ::: "Anna Holt - polis" (1996) ::: crime ::: Young police inspector Anna Holt is working in downtown Stockholm, where she fights against drugs, prostitution and other crimes with her colleague Kareena Olson.
1396 ::: "Desperate Measures" (2013) ::: crime ::: Desperate is a strength that is so powerful that it inspires us to do anything that we can come out at the top. When we are supported in a corner, our animal tendency emerges and appears to be incredibly negligent and motivated to fulfill the dangerous acts.
1397 ::: Greed is satisfied with no Gain (2019) ::: crime ::: The seller costs to kill some names of products in the market, by doing this, it will make it only the man who works in different situations.
1398 ::: In the Black (????) ::: crime ::: A criminal is involved in a scheme of removing a gang seeking control over the Native American Casino. His lounge singer girlfriend for the ride, the elegant lobbyist and his handlers who play their own angle are fellow agents. Everyone has their own agenda, they need to.
1399 ::: Zeki, Florian, and Kelly! (1996) ::: crime ::: Riko, a young woman obsessed with suicides, meets K, an angry young man whose dream is to destroy all existence. Together, they join three other possible terrorists in an error to give a "cake" in an unspecified location somewhere in Tokyo.
1400 ::: Monsters of Mulberry Street (2017) ::: crime ::: Mario Ratona (Frank Montero) and his crew are young children who are passionate about crime. Mario dreams of becoming a true gang like his uncle Frank (Alfreded Nasti) The boss under the local mob, but to do so, he first work under his uncle. Have to. It will be held at Little Italy in New York. Frank Montello is starring on "Monster of Malberry Street".
1401 ::: Sanai meotgin ibyeol (1971) ::: crime ::: While the fuel from his Stanghak Tarak - the minute requests money with Han. Han comes with the plan where they can kill the old man for money, however, fuel - minute ago and looking for enough and looking for someone to blame.
1402 ::: Mesto nic neví (1976) ::: crime ::: Summer Day. Sixteen -year -old Hedvica is Ostrava. At the same time, Libuse Zahradníková conspires with her lover Emile in a small bar, noticed by the crime investigator secretly. A child was kidnapped a week ago in front of the dead store in the deserted waiting room at the health center. The three events become the attention of the Ostrava Police Crime Team.
1403 ::: Murdered (2008) ::: crime ::: Hot to the visitor in Riz to protect pretty young men Michelle from an unknown risk. When he kills his fatal security, riz quickly become a headquarters and murder. Thawada between the police powers he looks murderer with deep murder, Riz will kill him and clear his name.
1404 ::: "Bum Rush" (2016) ::: crime ::: A story of friendship, love, money, betrayal and violence .... Jermaine Lawson has returned to his old neighborhood as an undercover police officer, sworn to defeat the local drug king! But he didn't know that his best friend, J Rock, next to the next and now things are going ... wants to. Lawson honor the badge or his family.
1405 ::: One Step Away (1985) ::: crime ::: Ron Petrie (Keanu Reeves) is a teenager in difficulty whose life is suspended by a thread, because he is on the verge of the school suspension, subject to being stopped and entered, and the cause of the imminent expulsion of his single mother of her apartment. Unless he can find a resolution, his only option seems to be the life of street crime.
1406 ::: Ulterior Motives (2008) ::: crime ::: Omaha, Nebu - The Omaha Police Department is still silent because national attention is focused on killing five of them. Local sources show that the FBI has joined local officials in its investigation into the killing of five Omaha police officers. San Diego, Cal. The FBI office lately only confirmed that they were in connection with continuous research in Southern California in Omaha. To date, the Omaha Police Department has not resisted in a strange series of strange killings and the use of the term "serial killer" when referring to what the media has called (alley cats). Omaha police spokesmen did not comment, saying that they were working on accessible law enforcement agents.
1407 ::: The Grasscutter (1990) ::: crime ::: The Grasscarter continues a quiet life in New Zealand, but soon, the life he left behind-in Belfast-was attached to him in a quick conclusion and violent, all his previous convictions tear her to tear it.
1408 ::: Iris 2: The Movie (2013) ::: crime ::: Three years after the tragic death of a secret agent in the hands of the Iris terrorist group, the leader of the Joon-Han team recruits a detective, YoO-Gun, to help him overthrow an illegal weapon unit. Soon, the Yo-Gun is working with agent soo -eon, a man who has loved him since youth. Together, they put their lives in line to stop iris once and for all.
1409 ::: Sparrowhawk (????) ::: crime ::: When the homeless, Carl, the physical care for their nemis warehouse to find their nemis, called HDDDs that make no good. But, let words turn out that things and these things require that the truth was finally misled. Carl, clearly homelessness, dragged it in the charged in charge of the police in the people who have died. However, as questions in the next steps are getting worse that it is rather than discounting the dusty people in the mysterious group of people. Carl and Hashim serves the military and HellMand together and when Carl has been played with a player to play with the actions and now wants to force his ways in the area. It moves that the police guided the police and retailers called malliory and when he turned the interview. Mallory wants to find and kill Hashim, who he saw the danger he built, but nothing, found it. However, as calculated together and workers begin to stop and is not carl or that all that will destroy one or all.
1410 ::: "First Kill" (2014) ::: crime ::: The New York City in the 1970s was caught for fear when a young woman was ruthlessly killed without any apparent motive or reasoning. With terrified citizens and a smart loose killer, NYPD began their most desperate maneuvering so far.
1411 ::: Le polygraphe (1996) ::: crime ::: Lucie Champagne receives the role of the victim, Marie-Claire, in a film of a real unresolved murder. By coincidence, the neighbor of Lucie, François, was the boyfriend of Marie-Claire. He is a suspect in the continuous investigation and is not sure of his own innocence although he has an alibi from his previous girlfriend, Claude. François' polygraph test (lie detector) is not very conclusive and although he is waiting for his second test, Lucie's film is completed with his own ideas on who killed Marie-Claire.
1412 ::: Proloy (2013) ::: crime ::: This story is developed mainly by brave Heart Barn Biswas drawn by Palama Brata Chatadi. Dukiya has become a festival with gang rape. These were celebrated by several political criminals. They did not spare even children or elderly women. Police do not accept complaints about these powerful criminals. Baln Biswas with his team formed a forum named "Jagaran Mancha" and was forced to arrest the culprit by law, contrary to all possibilities. Eventually, the defendant kills Barn Biswas and makes the whole village a shock and pain. Half of the subsequent is Binod Bihari Dutta, drawn by Palan Bonda Padyai (a colleague of Barn at Corkata's school) in search of the truth behind Barn's murder. Vinod begins to know the way they are scared of the village, Goon (now on bail). Vinod tried to make the villagers motivated in the way of Barn, but everyone was reluctant to fear. A new police officer, Aniesh Dutta, was published in the village and was drawn by Saswata Chatadie. Vinod felt helpless, so I decided to give the law to my hand. Vinod gradually killed all criminals one after another, and Anime She continued to investigate the serial murder. With the last murder, Aniesh holds his hand behind all of these killings and arrests Vinod Bihari Datta. What will happen next ...? Can Vinod escape or can he be punished? This is what the audience finds.
1413 ::: Águia na Cabeça (1984) ::: crime ::: Senator who has a contact with illegal betting activities is killed by a man who wants his right arm and wants his position. However, the power structure may RES of this obstruction, especially because of witnesses.
1414 ::: Nahota na prodej (1993) ::: crime ::: Young journalist Nancy arrives at Prague for training. It has Czech roots, and thus chose Prague. Along with journalist EGON and a former policeman, he is now a special investigator looking for the sixteen -year -old kidnapped girl. Her father is desperate, and she will not help the police. Their investigation is led by a Roman gang of prostitution and pornography.
1415 ::: Yokohama Ankokugai Kikyou (2008) ::: crime ::: Yokohama is a dark world controlled by drugs and gangs. Ryuichi Todo and Kanji Gojyo of the local Yakuza group, Todo-Gumi in Jinto Kai, are the last who live with their former chief. They kept their traditional Yakuza culture according to the heart of the obligation, but time has changed and the balance of power between them has gradually changed. Yasuo Kuki in Goshiro-Gumi schemes with his solid knowledge of business, while Kasai-Gumi of Kansai tries to control Yokohama when the opportunity increases. A young man who has become a yakuza, influenced by the mentality of Yakuza de Goshiro, has his soul more stirred when he meets Todo. What will he see in the violent world?
1416 ::: Sleeping Dogs (2018) ::: crime ::: Sleeping Dogs is set in a contemporary Hong Kong, which is split into four districts named after regions of the city. The game reveals the story of Wei Shen, a former police officer of San Francisco who was transferred to the Hong Kong police and has assigned the task to infiltrate and destroy a triade organization known as the Sun on Yee. The main story line has two sub -plots: Shen's balance between completing his police mission while committing crimes to prove himself to the triads, and missions assigned by a triad lieutenant, including a murder of triad members loyal to other lieutenants. The mission of Shen is coordinated by police head inspector Thomas Pendrew, and progress of Shen is reported to his handler, Raymond Mak. Shen infiltrates the sun on Yee through his childhood friend Jackie Ma, a triade member at a low level; And his loyalty is tested by the triade boss "Rode Pole" Winston Chu. Other characters in the game are the head of the Sun on Yee, David Wai-Lin "Uncle" Po, Shen's love interest Amanda Cartwright, the right hand of Winston, Conroy Wu, singer Vivienne Lu and Shen's girlfriend don't ping.
1417 ::: Neighbourhood (????) ::: crime ::: London 1985 and the Cypriot local son and his unhappy grass gangster gang occur on a fortuitous flight of a truck that reveals a weapon in the glove box and a large box in the back, it is bizarre content that has More value than anything that boys could never have done on the street.
1418 ::: Ulterior Motives (2008) ::: crime ::: Omaha, Neb. - The police department of the Omaha will be dim, because in the attention of the people five people die. Local sources were included in local authorities with local authorities and took part in the death of Omaha police officers. San Diego, Cal. The FBR office yesterday, yesterday's themselves, in Omaha, they are related to the investigation in Southern California. Today, the Omaha police department did not lead to their profession as a leader, but do not mind the use of the term "serial killer" when referring to the dubble of the media. Omaha has no opinions of police officers, they did not comment because all law enforcement officers worked.
1419 ::: Penitentiary Chances (1998) ::: crime ::: Gritti Action Prequel to the Cult Hit "Veteranos." The low -budget Indie film that started kicking the urban film style. Follow two homeboys wishing to take "Penitantry Chance" to get out of the baro by working for a couple of racist drug-dealers. A trip in an underworld. Most people do not get to see that deals are spoiled and heavy risks are taken to survive!
1420 ::: Nasty Habits (????) ::: crime ::: When smuggler Frank Monaghan is arrested and he goes to the lam, his two younger brothers join their dangerous business so that they can get away from the law that wants him to live and rival the rivals that want to die. .
1421 ::: Bangers and Cash (2017) ::: crime ::: The ascent to power with a hard cruel facade, while he shows an ambitious desire for success and recognition. This film is everything above and much more. Success is the slightest concern of certain peoples. Who is really on the driving seat? It is best to serve revenge cold !!.
1422 ::: Once Upon a Time in London (2018) ::: crime ::: Dramatization of the violent reign of two of the most notorious gangsters London, Billy Hill (Leo Gregory) and Jack 'Spot' Comer (Terry Stone), once in London the legendary increase and fall of a nationwide criminal empire that lasted until the nationwide criminal pire in the middle of the fifties Years and who paved the way for the notorious Kray Twins and the Richardsons.
1423 ::: The Black Roses Project (2015) ::: crime ::: Three women have gathered to resolve cases of missing persons who have been related to human trafficking and a deadly serial killer. The ladies revolve through the wheel of disaster as they themselves are beaten and tortured until they can find away to escape and direct the mistakes of these infamous criminals.
1424 ::: The Butcher of Kraaifontein (2014) ::: crime ::: This documentary concerns the tragic life of Charmaine Mare, a young girl who had come to the CAP in search of work to help provide financial support to her parents struck by poverty. Mare arrived in CAP in January 2013 and stayed with a friend Kristina White in Kraaifontein. But, for a few days, she would be left alone with Johannes de Jager, the boyfriend of her friend's mother. In these few days, judicial files show that Mare often had to argue him not to make sexual progress and even recorded their conversations. Unfortunately, no one listened to their calls for help, with tragic consequences.
1425 ::: Past na kachnu (1978) ::: crime ::: The Cocky Cocky ("Miroslav Machácek" (QV)) stops by the police for the usual traffic check. In his car boots, police find the body of a naked man. Cocky is arrested even if he claims nothing about it. This case is dedicated to Major Mlynár ("Milan Sandhaus" (QV)). Police nominate the body as an Austrian citizen named Mitric. Cockell regularly plays gambling people to a secret game. Police were on a gambling gambling by another taxi driver, who confesses to Mitric. Mlynár and Cadet Pecka Officer ('Ivan Vyskocil (II)' (QV)) interest in gambling and visiting anonymous games.
1426 ::: Darkside Miami (2016) ::: crime ::: Miami is one of the sexiest places in the world, but look behind the bright lights and you will find a much darker reality. Worrying crimes are being committed in the name of occult religions. Follow the dedicated crimes of Miami Ramon Montya (Rey Hernandez) and his team are joining to solve these mystical crimes.
1427 ::: Come Across (1929) ::: crime ::: On a drop, Mary, the high community's Girl work as a cabeer dancer of a cabeer dancer in a new York. Club Croc owner is trying to base the million dollars with Harry's help, who have fallen for Mary. He agrees to help with the scheme, but hope to ask for the old friend George to make his whole place as a rich victim that
1428 ::: La grotte aux loups (1980) ::: crime ::: A postman in a small mountain village finds a woman, and her son dead in Grot Aux Lupi (a wolves cave). He soon begins to realize that it is not a natural death and that someone in the village behind their murder as tragic events occur.
1429 ::: "Der Tel-Aviv-Krimi" (2016) ::: crime ::: Israeli detective commissioners Jakoov Blok and Sara Stein investigate an explosion in the Biblical anti-Roman rebellion Fort Masada Dig Die Maverick Archeologian Aaron Salzman, son and plausible successor to Masada has killed Masada, nationally celebrated by Zionist. Aaron's young assistant Philippe, an Iranian Jew grown up in France, is beaten to maintain the current of stolen artifacts of Aaron, who believed that they refute the Masada mass suicide, but is worse. Aaron's orthodox brother Elia is suspected of facilitating the smuggling. But another Salzmann trauma is relevant.
1430 ::: Playback (1994) ::: crime ::: Friday morning, April 1. Jessica's sleep is chloroform. Her husband Michael invites a friend on the phone and gets his reply. While leaving the message, killed and made to look like an overdose. However, the killing is recorded on his friend's machine by phone. The killer is in trouble. He must recover the tape or risk to destroy its plans. Eddie Vanders, a school teacher, is the unfortunate recipient of horrific registration. Fanders reduce it as a April lie joke. After the narrow difference of an attempt in his life, he is looking for answers from his deceased friend's wife. The two set out to find the killer with the help of the investigator on the verge of retirement. No one can be trusted because they are attracted to a network of corruption, deception and killing - all of this leads to a violent confrontation.
1431 ::: "Sledaki" (2011) ::: crime ::: The Investigation Division (Sladdy) looks like the General Police Department ... The whole set of unresolved cases, relationships in the department are not easy ... but as a result of the team's work, care and compassion with each other eliminates all problems and they solve all problems at once.
1432 ::: "Místo zlocinu Plzen" (2015) ::: crime ::: Crime series in six parts, after the work of the Plzen murder team (Pilsen). Each murder is full of mysteries, and the researchers's approach is in several suspects. But the exhibition of the true perpetrator is always very surprising. Same unusual are the environments in which the mysterious murders have been committed. Suspense, mystery and fear, making researchers work at full speed.
1433 ::: Die Todesgöttin des Liebescamps (1981) ::: crime ::: The young daughter of an American senator is drawn in a hippie "free love" cult called "The Children of Light" by the blonde friend of the leader of the cult, a mysterious and beautiful Asian woman. The cult turns out not to be the "free" love community that it presents.
1434 ::: Tom Dollar (1967) ::: crime ::: As an Iranian prince is murdered just before signing an agreement that gives mining rights to a uranium mine to the United States, the CIA, fearing that the same thing happens to her heiress, Princess Sania, the task agent Tom Dollar with The mission of discovering who is behind her.
1435 ::: Myshelovka (1990) ::: crime ::: A young couple Jiles and Molly Relstons organize a pension 30 miles from London. The opening of the institution falls on a day of strong snowfall, so that the guests, arriving here, seem to be cut off from the world. On the radio, they bring back the murder of the former hostess of the farm, where the boy died of torture, but first of all that does not care much. Suddenly, a police officer arrives at the boarding school in skiing, informing that soon there will be probably murder.
1436 ::: Le dernier souffle (1999) ::: crime ::: The life of Montorior's police officer Laurent Wyandour has collapsed. His wife leaves him, his father rarely talks to him, and his brother, Martin, is in a big trouble. When Martin dies in a mysterious way, Laurent tries to solve his murder. The investigation led him to Nazareth, Arkansaw, a town dominated by the militia. Laurent is involved in dark conspiracy, including murder, money, and shadowed characters. Can he get himself alone?
1437 ::: Ulterior Motives (2008) ::: crime ::: Omaha -Omaha Police Station, Nevada, is silent because the attention of the people focuses on his five deaths. The local source of information has shown that the FBI cooperated with local governments in investigating the death of five Omaha police officers. San Diego, California. The FBI office has confirmed that he was in Omaha in a survey in Southern California, which was late yesterday. Until now, the Omaha Police Station has not recognized a strange series of murder leads when referring to what the media is dubbed (alley cat), but has resisted the use of the term "serial killer". did. Omaha Police Spokesman did not comment, stating that there were all available lawmakers working on the case.
1438 ::: Los peces rojos (1955) ::: crime ::: One night the storm, Hugo and Ivon enter a hotel in Ghafan (Spain) with the first son with the first son. They are drowning to see the sea, and shortly thereafter, Ivon asks for help because the boy is washed by the sea. As the corpse does not appear, a commissioner takes responsibility for this case.
1439 ::: "Centac 26 vs. The Miami River Cops" (????) ::: crime ::: Detective Alex Waldez will light a light on the corruption beads on the cops of the river, including a strategic unit, St. AC 26. Miami is flooded with a bullet, spreading the body, turning a man's injustice into the land.
1440 ::: Blood Line (2009) ::: crime ::: Two of New York's most powerful families will collide into this urban drama. When Don Vito's mafia family is threatened by the most powerful street in the street in Brooklyn, César "Smash" Benton, a lawn of lawn will decide the fate of the Empire. Vito is starting to recruit new members, admiring Richie, the son of his former right man. While deepening the canvas of the mafia, Richie begins to reassess her goal of killing Vito; The man who murdered his father, for the love of the respect he earns from the "family". Prepare for an intense story of drama, romance and war.
1441 ::: A Very Perfect Crime (2013) ::: crime ::: In a broken timeline 2 men (Chad Bokholt and Patrick Pinxton) discuss the principles of "very perfect crime", three men (Bockhol, Dick Pointer, Joe Hammerstone) commit the crime by holding a couple of captive (Angie Freemer, Jason Cenon) and forcing them To help with a well -planned bank robbery and 2 police detectives (Chad Morris, Howie Hirschfield) investigate the consequences of a "very perfect crime".
1442 ::: Send for Paul Temple (1946) ::: crime ::: This is the first film based on the BBC series that has been running by Francis Durbbridge. Gang was executing a heartfelt series of theft and theft. Police on the case appear to commit suicide, but the crime novelist and Sleuth amateur, Paul Temple, suspects playing badly. With the help of the victim's sister, reporter Louise Harvey (who uses the pseudonym "Steve Trent"), Paul sets on the tracking of notorious diamond thieves ...
1443 ::: Ulli Lommel's Zodiac Killer (2005) ::: crime ::: The infamous Zodiac killer returns through the series of copying murders in this thriller. In Los Angeles of Modern Day, a young man is obsessed after the recreation of Killer Zodiac's killings, a terrible serial killer who was never caught or even identified and remains one of the most stunning killers in American history. Michael works in a nursing home and is getting tired of the people who neglect to take care of their older relatives. He reads a book by Simon Vale for Killer Zodiac who inspires him to go into a murder entertainment. Michael claims the title of Zodiac, aiming at those who mistreat the elderly. The only person who suspects Michael is Simon Vale, who plans to use Michael's scheme as a topic for the latest review of his book on Zodiac's killings.
1444 ::: Nord Nord Mord - Clüver und die wilde Nacht (2017) ::: crime ::: The owner of the sex club Ronnie Klokker was found at home by illegal Syrian cleaner Jamila after a fatal fall of the staircase, the middle of sex toys used on a wild night with four hens night streets who claim they don't remember anything. The obvious self -asphyxing of Klöcker is red after the detection of a medicine for rape. Detective Hinnerk accidentally ended up with the quartet in the bride's home after an act of male striptease, his vague memories and lost photos of mobile phones are decisive. Clüver examines Jamila Amud's teenage girl, the club of the club Karman, who Luna, as a male stripper and the obsessive girl at the party party, Mark Seitz, before encouning a ghost from Renis's dark past.
1445 ::: A Very Perfect Crime (2013) ::: crime ::: Over the course of a broken period of time, 2 men (Chad Bokhold and Patrick Pinkston) discuss the principles of "A Very Perfect offense", three men (Bokhold, Dick Pointer, Joe Hamerstone) and committed to a well -planned bank loot) Investigate after forcing and 2 police detectives (Chad Morris, Howi Hirshfield) "Very perfect offense".
1446 ::: "Love Me If You Dare" (2015) ::: crime ::: Once the victim, Simon is a criminal who takes only the worst case and the worst people often think of the idea. In the Janano, a young woman, starting to work in the work of Simon and become his Hima, to follow him the bad ways of crime. However, the flower fruit and Simon eventually learns that they learn that their case is more than they can imagine.
1447 ::: Rouges étaient les lilas (2016) ::: crime ::: A young woman's boyfriend just died of a heart attack. Her neighbor above, another woman, continues to make anxious, loud noises every night, which makes her life a nightmare. This condominium starts a series of strange events that will choose the attention of a retired Interpol agent. The three women are just beginning to go into a game of death.
1448 ::: Das Geld und das Glück (????) ::: crime ::: In September 1997, mostly a group of immigrants plan to attack the Framanster post in the heart of Zurich. Wanna-Bi gangsters surprise their success. More than 70 million Swiss francs are in the ramp. But their van becomes very small - they can only steal 53 million. But where to go with that money? There is no plan later - criminals escape in all directions: Italy, Germany, Lebanon, the USA and the southern of Spain. But it is not easily escaping, the police are their heels. After a while, all of them will be arrested. Only a passing part of the app can only be preserved. There are no 26 million Swiss francs yet. This courageous attack is a safe place on Earth with a smile. It is difficult to arrest all the members of the gang and thrilling police tasks, it turned to it.
1449 ::: Tarot Killer (2011) ::: crime ::: When the CEO of a film production company is about to retire, the fast mover sleeps to get a job with him and throws the next runner, Carla, with whom he is sleeping. Karela hires a psycho to kill her and leave the tarot card on the body. The killer blackmail Carella, so he has killed his girlfriend. Police and amateur investigators finally stumble to solve the case.
1450 ::: Noshtta sreshtu 13-i (1961) ::: crime ::: Todor Primov is an officer of the Royal Army who replaces the sides and moves to the guerrillas. After the war, he graduated from engineering and was appointed manager of several construction projects. His car crashes on the eve of March 13. After its restoration, Primov resumes his work. Still, the secret information begins to expire from projects and some serious accidents arise. Andrei, who befriends Todor Primov in the guerrilla unit, goes to investigate the reasons. He knows that Todor was colored blind while this engineer distinguishes his colors. Andrei manages to get to the truth: Parvan Primov, a twin brother of Todor, made the car accident. That night, he killed his brother and took his place ...
1451 ::: Águia na Cabeça (1984) ::: crime ::: A senator who communicates with illegal betting activities is killed by a man with his right arm, who wanted to gain his position. But the power structure is upset by this turmoil and can be disintegrated, especially since there is witness.
1452 ::: Neighbourhood (????) ::: crime ::: London 1985 and his lucky wannabe gangsters and his lucky wannabe gangsters occur on the stealing truck that reveals a gun in the glov-box in the glov-box, which is a strange thing, which is more worth more than boys.
1453 ::: Killer Surreal (????) ::: crime ::: The film will be cast as a crime procedure. An obsessed detective is pursuing a series of prostitutes. So obsessed is that he cannot carry he does not have a suspect in his custody at any time. Forced to get rid of one suspect, he goes out on another, and another, in his investigation. If it wasn't so serious, his mania would be comic. The true killer, a dentist, never appears on the list of detective suspects. He is on his own manic search. To find the perfect victim, to have the perfect one woman who ends the pain of his dark desire. True to his profession, the purpose of the dentist is to repair the bones and end the pain of the meat. Although their lives are socially separated by these two looking men are however destined to meet face to face. The detective woman is a police woman who works hidden for him as a prostitute. This frustrated woman is in search of her own: soul mate, a man who can read her thoughts and feelings. When caught by the dentist as a potential victim, she finds her ideals. And the dentist finds his perfect wife. Following the Latin Christian liturgy, "O Salutaris Hostia, O saving victim," we affirm that only the victim can save the killer. That is, in our history if she does not arrest it and if it does not kill it. Following contemporary history, however, there is a parallel story from the past. Our dentist killer is an incarnation of a doctor-dentist who chloroformed his victims at a time when the chloroform was not found. He was never caught and the case was unresolved ... that was then, now it is.
1454 ::: Jack Taylor: Purgatory (2016) ::: crime ::: Jack and Darragh are employed by the head of a large software company to find out who has stolen valuable game data from the company. Jack gets a consent for the main suspect, but when she is killed, Jack doubts his employer and vows to overthrow her.
1455 ::: "A Blind Eye" (2017) ::: crime ::: Ballid Eye follows a young woman, Jasmine, who toys with investigations by the Chicago Police Department, play a puppeteer with the Matt Coleman detective, who burns for promotion. She offers her psychic services to lead him and his partner down in twisted paths, colliding with mobsters and her father embarked.
1456 ::: The Third Clue (1934) ::: crime ::: A person installed in an old night is killed in his study. He says that he died to find hidden Indian gems of flexes who rush to his brother's brother. He wants to find the great treasure of his brother, so it can be given to her son. But before finding the treasure, the third warning should be found.
1457 ::: Killer Surreal (????) ::: crime ::: The film will be presented as a procedural crime. An obsessed detective follows a serial killer of prostitutes. He is so obsessed that he cannot bear a suspect in his arrest at some point. Forced to release one suspect, he attaches to another and another in his investigation. If it wasn't so serious, his obsession would be comical. The real killer, a dentist, never appears on the list of suspect detective. He is in a manic pursuit. Find the perfect victim, own a perfect woman who will end the pain of her unclear desire. True to your profession, the purpose of the dentist is to repair the bone and to end the pain of the flesh. Although their lives are socially separate, these two seekers are destined to meet face to face. The detective's wife is a police officer who works undercover as a prostitute. This disappointed lady is in her own aspiration: a soulmate, a man who can read his thoughts and feelings. When it is removed by the dentist as a potential victim, she finds her ideal. And the dentist finds her perfect wife. After the Latin Christian liturgy, "O Salutaris Hostia, o Rescue a victim," we claim that only the victim can save the killer. That is, in our history, if she does not arrest him and if he does not kill her. However, behind modern history lies a parallel history of the past. Our dentist killer is the embodiment of a dentist who is a chloroform at a time when chloroform remained undiscovered. He has never been caught and the case has been dissolved ... This is then, it's now.
1458 ::: Pollen (2016/II) ::: crime ::: A scientist who seeks to slow down aging has a little difficulty by providing medication to a shabby drug trafficker. And drug traffickers take note - when your supply starts to be low, never let your scientific connection "whisk something" for you in a pinch. You never know what you will get as they say. This is the case with a small Hustler Bob, and its cronyism, red. After Red is caught for a quarter of the whole guy of the concoction scientist, whipped for them by the feast of the party, Leece, she and her roommates Brandy and Carla find that after a night's party, the things grow - quickly. Meanwhile, tensions between Bob and Red Grow, people die, things become weird, and shit, as they say, strikes the fan.
1459 ::: "Ella Meets Life" (2017) ::: crime ::: Former Center Flowing Ella Arkins returns to his hometown of Detroit Michigan to go to teaching scientific forensics at Gross Point High School. After coming short, pursuing her dreams in LA, she takes away the heroine's brutal drug addiction. This tale meets with dark redemption corresponds to investigative luctivity. Ella struggles to regain her life in the early 30s, she must encounter a dark cloud of depression and obsessive obsessive disorder, while putting the pieces of her life again.
1460 ::: Die Nylonschlinge (1963) ::: crime ::: The shareholders of a company organize their meeting in the solitary palace. A crazy doctor who performs experiments in the palace begins to raise one at a time with a nylon noose. Survivors should notice a way to stop it.
1461 ::: Oboroten v pogonakh (2013) ::: crime ::: Captain Rykov cracks the most complex ends. His reputation precedes him; His sound logic, cynicism and experience contribute to his success. It is so good in what makes some say that it is a supernatural donation. Well, let's just say that his success keeps him bright in the moon ...
1462 ::: "The Spirit Profiler" (2018) ::: crime ::: Pilot for the "The Spirit Profileer" series. When the bodies start carving with 7.7.7, SSA Raxus Stone and their BAU team should run against time to highlight the meaning of 7.7.7 - by channeling one of their victims by Raxus by Raxas, And eventually by channeling himself to the killer.
1463 ::: Lost Revolution (2011) ::: crime ::: Set at the end of the 1990s, a former Puerto Rican revolutionary is forced to face his past after the murder of his eldest son. He must devise a way of avengeing the death of his son, saving his family from Ruin and facing the consequences of his elections.
1464 ::: "TRIO: Odins Gull" (2014) ::: crime ::: A previously an old fiction is the beginning point for the first season of the West. Despite the fact that the countless nora, truck, three-friend nora, truck, three friends nora, Lari, three friends nora, Lari, three friends Nora, Lari, three-friend Nora, Lari, Three Grenada Nora, Lari, three friends Nora, Lari, three friends Nora, Lari, three-friend Nora, Lari, threefriends, three-friend Nora, Lari, three friends Nora, Lari, three friends Nora, Lari, three friends Nora, Lari, three friends Nora, truck, three friends nora, truck, three friends, three-friend Nora Have been done. Their relaxation, linguistic and physical strength makes for their youth, and in addition to they have a means. Lisker, who has a wheelchakar on the pursuit of an event, received the widespread knowledge of computers and hacking and hacking, and it is in favor of the true.
1465 ::: Águia na Cabeça (1984) ::: crime ::: A senator who has contacts with illegal betting activities was killed by the man who was his right hand who wanted to get his position. But the power structure resents this embarrassment and can fall apart, especially since there is a witness.
1466 ::: Cocked (2005) ::: crime ::: Three good friends. A common enemy. Bad plans. Worse happiness. When it is summer in the suburbs, even if crime does not pay, it is at least something to do.
1467 ::: "Tie xue qing chun" (2006) ::: crime ::: Ouyang Wen, Lu Cheng and Ma Chao are good friends in the Dinghai City in the Dinghai City. However, their friendship is subject to serious crises because a few long-lost tiger-shaped numbers that can return to the spring and autumn period. Misunderstandings, betrayal and friendship among them bring unexpected changes to their lives. When the pair of tiger -shaped Tallies is finally determined and secured, blood stained her youth in the battle of justice and love.
1468 ::: "Duel au soleil" (2014) ::: crime ::: Corsica wildly provides a delightful background for police investigation of an unusual pair with different methods. A odd-couple crime drama in which a well-respected, experienced officer works with a policeman who constantly questions his methods.
1469 ::: American Fetish (2011) ::: crime ::: When the boy of charges inherited "blue" which can be the key to correct 50 years, he saw a world forbidden by sex. But the mysteries reached the mystery, the past risks make it a fact that he leads her breast.
1470 ::: When London Sleeps (1932) ::: crime ::: Slippery Rodney Haines runs a high-class gamble joint in Hampstead, while elsewhere in London Lamberti's fair is on his last legs. The only link between them seems to be Tommy Blyth, whose bet has put him in severe debts with Haines and who depicts Mary, the adopted daughter of the Lamberti. In fact, there is a further unexpected connection between the two worlds.
1471 ::: The Wonderland Gang (2018) ::: crime ::: Wonderland's gangs are mainly robbery at Heathrow Airport on Saturday, July 30, 1966. The gang is a sneaking police officer believing that the airport officials are trying to stop trying to steal 1.2 million gold in the gold land gold that is waiting for shipping to the United States. Federal reserve. But not everything looks like.
1472 ::: Trigger (????/IV) ::: crime ::: The disappeared friend of the man returns after a few years of absence and leaves again to work outside the city, asking his friend to take care of his dog. Trigger looks like a dog with connections and past. It was not long before his new owner, led by Trigger, would be expected to expect a problem. "Man, the best friend of the dog" old man's best friend appears after a few years of absence. The two ended, but it was not long before the friend disappeared again and asked his old friend if he didn't think he was looking for his dog, briefly, until he returned. It was not long before all the hell disappears and it becomes clear that the dog's trigger with connections and nose is difficult.
1473 ::: To the End of the Road (2012) ::: crime ::: A gripping story about life in the UK as the first generation immigrant. A young woman, Yolandra, with the bad effects of her mum, was brutally destroyed by her selfish civil servant lover (Dave), and she used her after misrepresenting her good life. Until the end of the road, human betrayal, abuse and survival and heart stopping action brings to the fore.
1474 ::: "The Best Defense: Survival!" (2009) ::: crime ::: The Best Defense: Survival, hosted by Michael Bain, is an exciting new show, in which quick analysis, react and react to men and women quickly to help protect protecting men and women to quickly analyze, react and react There is a facility of methods and survival techniques. Terrorism, natural disasters and all types of emergency are depicted.
1475 ::: Scam (????) ::: crime ::: A group of fraud artists re -gathered again after a short break to steal the identities of stolen from a defaming criminal. They are led by a "former" police officer, they carry out their mission just to discover that he was secretly, in an attempt to lower their gun partner's killer.
1476 ::: Jurrat (1989) ::: crime ::: Abdullah Rotli was the first person to challenge the work, and his life was shortened when the bomb blasted in his bakery in Bandra. Another person to challenge Kama was Inspector Ramsingh, who arrested one of his associates, Girdhar and brought him to court, but was suspended for allegations of court charges, and from duty. When he returned home that night, he found the house in the dark. After the entry, he found his wife, Savitri and son, Sunny's inanimate bodies. Ram is unable to obtain evidence against work and leads to alcohol; The third person to challenge the work is his own colleague, Joseph, who abscondes with his girlfriend Julie with a money -filled suitcase. Both are hunted and taken to Kama, who decides to escape Joseph only if Julie decides to become her. Julie and Joseph try to outsmart work, but their conspiracy is found and Joseph's life ends. Now Inspector Avinash has been transferred from Delhi and has been assigned to Kama's case. Avinash is married to Renu. Anwar, an informant, leads Avinash to a gold biscuit, but they have become a real biscuits as a result of the embarrassment of all rounds for the police department. Avinash is successful in arresting Girdhar, only saying that this action will endanger Renu's life. The question is left will Avinash dare to continue to cross the sword with work and become another accident?
1477 ::: "En by i provinsen" (1977) ::: crime ::: Police receives an anonymous letter with the text of "Leaf Him". This results in the examination of a worker's death in the chemical factory. Meanwhile, 200 barrels are secretly drilled with chemical waste and exit the plant parking.
1478 ::: "TRIO: Odins Gull" (2014) ::: crime ::: An old legend of a Viking treasure is the starting point for the first season of the Trio of the Suspense series. Despite the fact that countless treasure hunters have disappeared while trying to find the gold of the Odin, the three friends Nora, Lars and Simen participated in an exciting adventure around the mountain village of Skjĺk. Their perseverance, their ingenuity and their physical prowess compensate for their youth, and in addition they have a tool that their predecessors did not have, namely advanced IT technology. Lars, who is in a wheelchair after an accident, has acquired in -depth knowledge of computers and piracy, which puts the trio to an advantage in treasure hunt.
1479 ::: Out of Darkness (2004) ::: crime ::: Out of the Darkness is for a female Spanish detective named Teresa Maria de Los Angeles AKA. Angie, who works by a fictional regional police, departed to Cleveland, Ohio. She deals with a partner, Detective Drew Iven, who does not trust her because Angie's father is an alleged drug leader. Angie also has two bosses: an overly religious lieutenant and a "ethically contested" special prosecutor who is very friendly with Philip Magnese. A magnese is a businessman who can stand behind all the criminal activity in the city. Still, with everything that happens, the most vialing element in Angie's life is a mysterious shadow as a creature that takes over her body and literally absorbs criminals.
1480 ::: Kommissar Dupin - Bretonische Flut (2017) ::: crime ::: To go through the book and places, it is two killings in the fishing business in the west of Britany. A fisherman appears with her throat slit next to the fish auction in Darninez. Just as Commissioner Dupine and his team began to question locals, the second murder was reported to have come from a small island. The first victim came from there, popularly known for her steady views and opposition to the local fishing magnet. The second victim was a biologist, who recently went there. She was occupied by studying dolphins at the Eurois Maritime Nature Park.
1481 ::: Tödliches Geld (1995) ::: crime ::: Béritism Belmont beauty - and a successful business woman who built his work and her. Most people would have been easy if he had used the good reputation of her husband, the heir of Belmont from Geneva. He is conducting money in the art. When visiting the value, meeting Robert, a lawyer, his people. Even after the wife of her husband Michael Béririt his first-first father Paul Paul Belmont still remained his friend. When her son had been appointed Albert Albert in the month, the game in the family was honored. The two girls are hoped for their husbands in this link. Carlo, a husband of a woman is the principal representative of the bank, where Léon, is the husband of the banks. But Paul was not agreeing in the lawyer lawyer, right hand, and Bélito, with a red, suitable for everyone else. Béatrice appreciates this evidence of trust and ask Paul for a time to consider. It will not change his life completely from one day to the other. He was except for her that he thought it was best to use the bank management. This seems to be a basis for a father and child after several years. But despite the origin of Bérice, Paul and Michael has another violent conflict. The last of Michael's office was offended. Only now, after his plan failed to flaw, Béritrice started thinking about the gift of Paul. Soon after the event, when it was known in Atgery Viktor Lepkur Lepkur Lepkur Lepkor, his decision is obvious: It will start working for Belmont Bank. Now these days, Bériti pay phone phone Belmont. He rejects Sallon, the one's counselor, to help him examine the reasons for the death of legs. Side, the two things find out that Lepka has been involved in the necessary business to break under pressure. At the same time they found that arcus suffering in the past thousand times in the past handhold of the congregation Paul Léon. But even in a strong search that they cannot find Léon. Once Paul had a good family member. The story arrives in new disaster. Interpol, that is, don't start to discover the bank for saving money. There was a Witness and New York ready to give proof against bank: Léon, who, by doing this, wanted to receive the penalty for his own entry. Béatrice knows that Paul will not use money to correct money. However, his fear of Paul and Paul's foundation found in the number of Lando Monsoculty Francis living in America. Although the necessary documents have an inspirational and failure, now nearly finds this account. The account related to the account does not only occur not only in the mailbox but at least Vatican himself. Although Béatrice does about the account that Paul meets in Geneva. Last referee, submit Belmont Bank credit to correct the cost. It was Jesus, too, and glorifying the people. As Paul's disease, Belmont are threatened to be different. But by the Béatric program of Béat Michael now taking the work of the bank. The great mountains in the world of money gets Belmont Bank with the costs and the lawyer law office. Meanwhile Béritrice and fails to pursue a way of illegal. They reveal that the secret organization has used the account stores money. Franciesige Francis, his purpose makes him an adult, don't let him be used. By receiving funds necessary for dirty business, he managed to make it necessary in Vatican. No one in the area had heard of the financial source of the money. It is Michael and Paul, using this information to protect banks. During the time that Paul and Francis had a bitter change. The Banker is doing well with the conversation and cost of the Vatican bank, thereby makes the battantantant family again. Apart from that, he wants to use the Witness to prevent the Witness from the state of the state. Béatrice is an awesome Witnesses in this agreement. He knew that Paul had done this, the death of the death of a Léon death. Although his request failed and deaf, he attempts to change the heart Banker. Paul caused him, and he bothered him. But his victory is short. He is suffering the second heart attack. Béatric can't prevent a business to poison Paul. But no matter what is good to give Machel, he did not want to be valuable to his duty, but he was turning to the world of a large business.
1482 ::: Duplicity (2004) ::: crime ::: When Reggie Lucas's husband is killed, she discovers that there are $ 18 million. Then she is harassed by three gangsters who want money. A beautiful stranger appears ... but it is a good guy or a bad boy. As the bodies accumulate, Reggie must decide who can trust.
1483 ::: Beyond the Edge (1986) ::: crime ::: Chicago was pulling out one by one beautiful young women in the 1980s and a serial killer. One loneliness, which cannot just click with the women who is attracted to, decides to make them in one way or another. The appearance, responsibility, talent and even sound are all that these women become victims of this crazy psychic. Follow the detectives on the sequence of the massacre bodies. The peak that explains everyone with twist, no one sees.
1484 ::: Pollen (2016/II) ::: crime ::: The scientist looking for a slow age is a little trouble by supplying drugs to a seed drug merchant. And note the drug dealers - when your supply starts to drive less, never allow your scientist connection to "hit something" in a pinch for you. You will never know what you get as they say. Such is the case with the short time in the case of Hustler Bob and his Crony Red. After the party girl, Lice, her and her roommates brandy and carla made a night, the hell mixed scientist who found that the elements would increase the elements, and quickly took the red for them. Meanwhile, Bob and Red Gro, people die, things are strange and shit, as they say, touched the fan.
1485 ::: Just Hustle (2004) ::: crime ::: A detective movie created with the spirit of New Wave in France. Johnny Mac opposes the instinct of accepting a stalking case from waitress in a desperate situation. Johnny Mac leads him to the maze of deceiving the deceive maze on a university campus following suspected stalker, a skateboard punk. When the stalker knows that he is a gambling pointman of a university repayment to soccer players to throw the national championship, the table rotates slowly. The authorities near Johnny Mac are still holding their bags.
1486 ::: Huit hommes dans un château (1942) ::: crime ::: Paladines wrote the novels of crime simultaneously. In the cinema, they look at a report on the results of the shipbreak in which Lieutenant Dupuis tells about the death of an old man in a life boat carrying survivors. Husband and wife agree that this can be the starting point of the new story and see Dupuis to get more details about the play. When they arrive at his hotel, Dupuis is dead with a bullet in his head. Police show death as suicide but Paladin has received a train ticket in the pocket of the deceased. With his wife he takes the train to the destination, somewhere in the provinces ...
1487 ::: "Love Me If You Dare" (2015) ::: crime ::: Once the vipul flower is a victim of cannibal, Simon is a criminal psychologist who only imagines the dark cases with the worst criminals. Gian Yiyo, a vigilant girl, begins to work for Simon and she becomes her assistant, which is under the dark path of criminal mind. However, the flower is not finished with cannibal Simon, and they soon learn that there are more for cases they could ever imagine.
1488 ::: "Lawless" (2013) ::: crime ::: Jacob Reese is a cool, calm detective with the Metrocity police department. His partner was killed in the fire line. Jacob will never work with a partner again. That is until his boss assigns him a partner, Eunice Lee. She is a small blast who is ready to kick some ass in the underworld of crime of the metroCity. Can the two get along? Without killing each other first?
1489 ::: Toni Costa - Kommissar auf Ibiza - Küchenkunst (2012) ::: crime ::: Ibiza Police Commissioner, Toni Costa, cancels his vacation, a rare opportunity to be with his daughter, to investigate the stabbed murder of the Sous-Chef in the renowned restaurant of José Arrabal. Costa finds, just in time to save the uniformed children of the Uniformed Police of Manolo, that this was a collateral murder, because it was on the road to another murder for an poisoned dessert at Arrabal's wedding with Gold-Digger Carmen. Arrabal relies on his demon, the police chief to close the case, but Costa suspects more crimes and cava for possible reasons about the blackmail of the restaurant qualification, infidelity and old grudges.
1490 ::: Hitman (2003) ::: crime ::: Marcus Preston, A.K.A Hitman, Works for Plymouth Symouth Symouth Symouth Symouth Symouth Symouth Symouth Symouth '. When the heads of princes, participate in the death of Hitman's wife, he becomes vers of retaliation for the Hitman, which is not required to do. Hitman passes in return systems and have a self-attack against Dalton's airport, the principal, and his family.
1491 ::: The Last Hour (1923) ::: crime ::: Reever McCall, a notorious Forger, has fled the police with her daughter Saidee. He asks for the help of his friend, Steve Klein, a former criminal. Klein, who has been killed by the detective, William Marori, who chases McCall, agrees. A few years later, while serving as a nurse during the war, Side falls in love with her patient, the son of her state governor, Phil Logan. After the war, Mallory is currently a political big game and gives the governor a banquet. Marory demands that he discovers a sideline identity and keeps himself in exchange for keeping his past quiet. Complications continue.
1492 ::: DNA: Guilty or Innocent? (2003) ::: crime ::: Death Row, or those who serve life sentences, are some of those who have a second chance to change their sentences. Documentary producers in this special CBS follow the DNA testing the main evidence of the crime scene in 4 different cases, eventually showing the guilt or innocence of a prisoner.
1493 ::: Gesucht wird Majora (1949) ::: crime ::: He was a prisoner of a synthetic fibers named "Majora", and he was prisoner, but he asked his fellow Blohm and Prack to the post -war wife's ceremony. Ta. Later, criminal Hats develops after a valuable formula.
1494 ::: Clockin' Green (2000) ::: crime ::: Two friends, sonia and micki, turned into a death when this crime was cut into the wrong side of the law in the drama. When they look brightly and well, destiny did not exceed the opportunities, so Michy appears with a special fast scheme.
1495 ::: "En by i provinsen" (1977) ::: crime ::: Police receive an anonymous letter with the text "Berg killed him." This leads to the investigation of the death of a worker in the chemical plant. Meanwhile, 200 barrels with chemical waste are excavated in secret and withdraw from the parking lot of the plant.
1496 ::: The Iron Cage (2017) ::: crime ::: Huang Shen is demolished unconscious in an iron cell. The cover asks Huang to explain the "missing case of Sari", which grabs the whole country. A year ago, Huang was an unknown security captain. It is called a "detective" when it breaks the "missing case of sarari". As Huang Shen continues, more and more truths are emerging: local real estate developers are forcibly destroying, people do everything to gain glory, and people are hiding the truth of their own good. The film is a metaphor for the living conditions of the lower people. People are ignored and tingling to protect traditional culture. "Saar" in the movie also implies a lack of faith. The truth is to break down slowly. The film covers an ancient Chinese shade show and aria-Lao Kiang. Humanity is closed in a cell. People are like controlled raising puppets that cannot come out of human difficulty, they also cannot get out of the iron cell of life.
1497 ::: Jaggu (1975) ::: crime ::: Jagh Allians Jaghu has been taken as a career and has the police looking for it. Police decide to act as police officers, because they decide to act as police officers, as a result is arrested in court and sentenced to two years. After his spilling, the angry jagtu resisted Kaalis, he apologized to Jagu and two patches. One day, a widow approached Desya, and his daughter asks his daughter, Genah Desay, to save his girlfriend. Yagugu saves a mite, even if Yagu Desy is hired, and they are married. Vengei Deva desay Jaggu dies from all the costs, and it is ready to pay for it to kill it. His intention to hire is not a friend of the lease, but no one but Kaalia, but one who killed him, but he kills him.
1498 ::: Pattiyal (2006) ::: crime ::: Kosi (Arya) and Selva (Bharath), are a murderer of a contract working for an intermediary named Sami (Cochin Hanewef ultimate slowly.
1499 ::: Welcome Matt: An Unfortunately True Story (2010) ::: crime ::: On August 27, 2010, three violence (Math Sheppard, Kevin Chappell and trust), called Saint-Agns. In less than 6 hours, Trio responded to more than ten deaths in 3 cities of Central Kentucky. "You're welcome mat", you will see what they did and what happened to them. You know why ... sometimes you don't want to know who is on the door !!!
1500 ::: Noshtta sreshtu 13-i (1961) ::: crime ::: Todor Primov is an officer of the royal army who changes the pages and goes to the partisans. After the war he completed in engineering and is appointed manager of several construction projects. His car crashes on March 13. After his recovery, Primov resumes his work. However, secret information descends from the projects and there are some serious accidents. Andrey, who made friends with Todor Primov in the partisan unit, examines the causes. He knows that Todor was color blind, while this engineer distinguished colors. Andrey manages to achieve the truth: Parvan Primov, Todor's twin brother, has brought the car to crash. That night he killed his brother and took his place ...
1501 ::: Le malin plaisir (1975) ::: crime ::: Philippe Malaiseau, writer and historian after he had died before he had completed his studies by Charles The Bold, the publisher was sent to Fontbonne in southern Marc Lancelot, the "Negro" attracted to Malaiseau. In Fontbonne there are five women: Julie, a charming and very special secretary, the Marc, Malaiseaus old mother Marianne, the distant widow, Christine, the cousin and Melisa, an Italian friend. The four women are all connected to Malaisau. Did he die of a simple accident? The young author Marc is said to complete the Labet work of the recently deceased writer Malaiseau. Marc continues dying in the Die Villa on the Mediterranean and is assisted there by Maleisisen aus secretary Julie. Soon he suspects that Malaiis's death does not get any tread, because both Julie and the four other women in the villa show no grief. Kahle see death for women as well as a threat. Extract from criticism: "Bernard T. Michel does not often avoid rapid in mockery: Claude Jade taps heavily naked or is attacked in a cupboard. Is it raped in Kängers?" (H.B.)
1502 ::: Howard Lake (????) ::: crime ::: May 15, 1897 - Howard Lake, MN, Tom Boxel and his wife Lydia met a terrible death - both repeatedly beaten by an intruder - with an ax from the family carpenter. Ten people have been accused of this terrible incident - sin and perhaps incredible, no one has never been convicted! It is the story of the Boxel family and the society of Howard Lake, which is the chilling story of how the allegations, research and inquiries of this Horder Lake are faced with the allegations, research and inquiries - through the collective voices of the boxel siblings and by the residents of Howard Lake.
1503 ::: "First Kill" (2014) ::: crime ::: New York City in the seventies of the last century, holding it with fear when a young woman is killed without mercy without any motive or logical. With terrified citizens and a smart fighter on the loose, NYPD has started more desperate hunt so far.
1504 ::: The Final Curtain (2014) ::: crime ::: The last curtain tells the story of the tragic and early death of the legendary South African theater personality, musician and playwright Taliep Petersen, who was killed in his house in his house one evening on December 16, 2006. Armed robbery went wrong. But later it came to light that the men were hired by Taliep's own wife Najwa Petersen to kill him.
1505 ::: The Gun Run (????) ::: crime ::: Find a firearm in Gunrunner and its temperament and temperamental partner, cowardly, shadowing motels of Kulunner, but knowledgeable. Throughout their day, they are especially killer, ie serial killer, and all kinds of capital policemen and others. They match the DUO in their last rifles, because they check their list in the whole city, check their list and remove their list.
1506 ::: "Death in the Family" (2013) ::: crime ::: Wajid Ali is the father of three children. His daughter, Amina, has liars with Sheikh. His son Slam is looking for a job. Slim in love with the conflicts and hopes to get married, but their parents deny both suggestions. Wajid found that Amina had a relationship with Sheikhr and wanted to be married to get married soon. Amina and Sheikh has run away from the house. Wajid has been killed. Police found that his father's father was killed, as he is against his wedding with a scissorary.
1507 ::: Born from the Foot (2009) ::: crime ::: According to Ramayana, they were born from the foot of the creator, Brahma, the four addressed to God. Barney, a sordid waitress with game debts, Bobby, a hidden camera chamber and 'Film Maker, Andy, an Ersatz intellectual and a master manipulator, and McDuffie, an impotent and helpless beans counter crosses the paths of others 'In his current incarnation.' Shot of her waitress work and facing the insecure perspective of breaking her game debts, Barney takes a task as a nanny at the McDuffie home. A youth bet Endeble throws its life into an unexpected turn and carries the true colors of all to the surface. Is McDuffie the Mousey and impotent bean counter that Barney believes or is a suburban maquiavelli planning her own destiny? Andy and Bobby would continue to be his friends or turn against her given the bets involved? Encouraged by lust, anger, greed, passion, false pride and deception, each pursues their goals devoid of morality. They were cruel and evil human in a past life. Are they different this time? Born of the foot there is an attractive examination of base stocks and the permutations and combinations of their tamasic acts.
1508 ::: Den magiska cirkeln (1970) ::: crime ::: Salaligan was a group of Swedish youth, active 1930-1936, guilty of many murders and theft. Leader Charisma Sigvard Nelson-Tormanman was. Women, hypnosis and criminal mind. Salaligans's actions were shockingly shocking and clearly meaningless. They were killed randomly, against simple money, and celebrating a fabricated issue. Berglunds opens with a quote from the Norwegian writer Aksel Sandemose. "I do not accuse a person, I accuse the system that a person cannot know to do unlike enough and bad." The director for each Pergrend and producer Stephen Jarle is keen to insist that the film is not a documentary film for Sellajan. Instead, the film focuses on narrow small cities and psychological and social processes that enable a criminal phenomenon like Sallago to occur in such a place. Den Magiska Cirkel is a good example of a delicate Swedish movie from the 1970s.
1509 ::: Le polygraphe (1996) ::: crime ::: Lucy Champagne is given the role of the victim Marie-Cler in a movie of real, unresolved murder. By chance, Lucy Francois's neighbor was Marie-Clerk's boyfriend. He is suspected of a ongoing investigation and is not sure of his own innocence, although he has alibi from his previous girlfriend Claude. Francois's Polygraph test is unconvincing, and while he is expecting his second test, Lucy's movie is completed with his own ideas about who killed Marie-Cler.
1510 ::: "Vennori: Murdered - Soul Suspect" (2014) ::: crime ::: Ronan O'Coner is killed by a cruel and tireless killer. Ronan returns as a ghost, and will not rest peacefully until he resolves his murder using his ghost powers. Along with the way his killer is found, Ronan is also helped Joy, a girl who not only looked at Ronan's death, but can also see and speak ghosts (including Ronan).
1511 ::: La grotte aux loups (1980) ::: crime ::: A small mountain village postponer finds both women and sons dead in Glot Ax Loop (cave of wolf). He immediately begins to realize that someone in the village behind the murder is not natural death.
1512 ::: "Ella Meets Life" (2017) ::: crime ::: The former El Arkins returns to her hometown of Detroit Michigan to teach scientific forensic medicine at Gross Point Secondary School. After she got out of chasing her dreams in Los Angeles, she takes a brutal drug addiction to the heroine. This return is the story of meeting dark salvation meets the clarity of the investigation. Ella is fighting in order to restore her life in the early thirties, she must face a dark cloud of depression and obsessive -compulsive disorder, while placing her life pieces again.
1513 ::: When Darkness Falls (2008) ::: crime ::: In the village of Rural of Umhluwayo in Kwazulu-Natal, one of the worst killers of South Africa was born. Sipho Dube came from a religious family but from a young age terrorized the community. By 2006, 30 -year -old Dube was found guilty of killing six children, a woman, raping three girls and attacked two sons improperly. He was also convicted of ten abductions, a theft, a robbery, an ordinary attack and an attack in order to do serious bodily harm. During his judgment he remained repentant, rude and aggressive. He displayed nothing but contempt for the court. He was sentenced to ten life sentences and an additional 114 years. Some will say that Sipho Dube was born to do evil.
1514 ::: Kiss of Death (2008) ::: crime ::: Every pov tells a story. Blood Rush is contrary to any other crime series on TV. Bumtown meets CSI, it represents the style. Truth is slippery. One man's testimony is the lie of another man's man. The evidence seems certain - but in whose hands? With whose construction? There is never only one version. The truth depends on where you are standing. How many views of view make the full story? A specific and gritty multi-angled drama, Blood Rush told about the Breakage Jump of View and the time-limit to highlight the stories of crime from the point of view of all those involved. The chronology is rolled backwards, overlapping the front and the revelation of the story. Miscellaneous approaches to detectives, police, forensic scientists, pathologists, profilers, victims and criminals take us deeply in the heart of the story. And finally for truth. There are always more than one perspective for a crime. Every pov tells a story.
1515 ::: "Ultraviolet" (2017) ::: crime ::: The "Skyletan Creams" inspired by the book by the book (Olam Sarafin), and returned to the Lódz, and returned to Lódz. While driving one night's driving, the dramatic situation shows the dramatic status seems like a suicide, but it makes the most suspicious. It seems that the police are negligent in case. Despair, Allah sees help on the Internet, where she found a group of urecer finders who solve the criminal cases cannot be police.
1516 ::: When Darkness Falls (2008) ::: crime ::: One of the worst serial killers in South Africa was born in the rural village of Umhaluwayo in Quazulu-Natal. Sipho Dube came from a religious family but terrorized the community from an early age. As of 2006, 30 -year -old Duyu was found guilty of killing six children, a woman, raping three girls and indecency on two boys. He was also convicted by ten kidnapping, one theft, a robbery, a common attack and the intention of making serious physical damage. He was rude, rude and aggressive throughout his test. He showed nothing but contempt for the court. He was sentenced to ten lives and an additional 114 years. Some people would say that Sifo Dubey was born to do evil.
1517 ::: Supari - The Quest Begins Now (2014) ::: crime ::: No one in the party knew him. Was a collision gate, what is its motive? The biggest question is how it ended. At a party full of people, a gate accident was killed. No one saw that. Do they all lie to cover up something big? DSP Nirmal Pandey finds itself in the midst of a breeding plot. He now not only needs to know who did that but also how it was done. Explore the maze of complex urban relationships, SuPari tells a story about the long -time love, lost friendships, betrayal and loyalty to warming in the heart.
1518 ::: Khuli Khidki (1989) ::: crime ::: Businessman S.K. Dhambal lives a rich lifestyle in India alongside his social wife, Shoubha, and his university son, Vigay, and Wadid, a good house called Christiya. He does not agree that his wife spends a long time away from home, usually in James and holds Mahala Mandal meetings. What made the clay worse is asked to meet Dr. A. Jayant, a psychiatrist, arrested Vigay, shining from women who were intimate with their husbands. The doctor asks Mr. Darambal and her to her to closely monitor the sexy Vigay through sexual contact and make sure that he does not do it again. Dr. Gaynt is also concerned about Vigae because he finds his beautiful daughter, Nito, who has fell in love. Then Mr. Dhambal gets a police visit - who claims that Vigay fugitive after the killing of a woman named Nisha Sahai, the wife of Avinash, and a close friend of her. The question remains, does Viga really kill Nisha, and if so, what is his motive?
1519 ::: "First Kill" (2014) ::: crime ::: The New York City in the 1970s was caught for fear when a young woman was ruthlessly killed without any apparent motive or reasoning. With terrified citizens and a smart loose killer, NYPD began their most desperate maneuvering so far.
1520 ::: The Last Holiday (2009) ::: crime ::: The story of a family holiday was on a short camping trip when they were witnesses to the terrible shooting. What was supposed to be a peaceful break, turned into a camping journey from hell? The family now fled for their lives, can they survive the dangers in front of them while they are upgraded, to be silent by their beneficiaries?
1521 ::: Jack Boyz (2016) ::: crime ::: The "Jack Boyz" set in the current urban environment is a sandy story of stick-up men's ambitious staff with a flawless record. Under the leadership of a clever and perfect -minded Salim, this gang follows the rigorous weekly rule of cleansing and synergy before each medie. By adhering to the personally designed procedure for the crime, the unit develops the signature level of the execution and is uneven in street crimes. But when a member of the team breaks down the discipline and violates an important principle, he hurts his team's reputation and hurts AIDS without knowing the key lifeline kidnapping; His own lover. Since Jack Boyz's integrity is now questionable and innocent life in his arms, Salim must prove to protect his own livelihood or that the exercises of his discipline and harmony are not in vain.
1522 ::: Deseta zapoved (2003) ::: crime ::: Born in 1978, in Jesenice, Slovenia. The film became interested in her high school years. He is a student of the School of Electrical Engineering. In his leisure time, he made amateur short films. After a seminar held by the Slovenian Public Fund for cultural activities, he prepared a outline for his first film project (Deseeta Zapoved, 2003).
1523 ::: Four Shall Die (1940) ::: crime ::: Helene Helen Fielding has dumped Shady Lew Covey for a reporter Bill Samors. Striching the little one to deal with Helen's legacy, Covie came up with a scheme to do just that, including spiritualists, fortune tellers and "visits" from Helen's dead father. However, when Covey winds up dead in Helen's room, the suspicion falls to Bill Samors as a killer. Complications occur.
1524 ::: "El hombre de la luna" (1996) ::: crime ::: The murder, mysticism and mystery story contains all the elements of classic suspense and more ... A beautiful girl is found to cut her throat in the moon's valley, passing a homeless lapse, except her body. He accused him of murder. Case off. Or is it? A foreign lawyer is asked to defend the accused and the cast of the characters with whom he confronted is a fantastic lot: a ch'mac, or the Man of the Dark, who interacts with Dead 'The Dead Girls' beautiful twin sister'. Can, an American exchange student, was deported in Bolivia for a computer hacking by his parents, the lawyer's ex -wife and a mysterious woman. It all combines for steam, exciting and suspense packed story
1525 ::: Noc klavíristy (1977) ::: crime ::: Kratina's chief engineer is known as a very powerful man. His colleagues feel that his transactions may not always be legal, but because they all benefit from bribery, they return Kratina. Kratina cars with attic and small family houses provide him with a high standard of living for him and his young wife Ivanka. But then Kratina's scams are discovered by the man who will blackmail the engineer by the phone and wants money in exchange for silence about what he knows. In the evening, Kratina, following the ransom instructions, deposits the bribe money and then hides in his car, which is not parked not too far and waits with a gun in his hand. Instead of blackmail, he shoots the young woman's hideout from the wine strip close to it. His friend, an old Toma pianist, cannot understand the murder and begins his private investigations.
1526 ::: Mr. Lockjaw (2015) ::: crime ::: Rock Joe is an American drama series created by Justink Raig and Bylon Conrad Ewin. Rock Joe, who was produced as a set in Atlanta, Georgia, is the story of Miles Brimley (Troy Harvson). Troy Harvson is a child celebrity who has been dragged into the underworld of crime interrogation and torture by his confused dummy, Rock Joe. When he finds his hole deeply, Miles has no choice but to succumb to Rock Joe's and more dangerous desires. Gwyneth has a faint hope of hope. Gwyneth is a healing drug addict who wants her childhood bond to help her escape from painful memories. The situation of Miles and Lockjaw is even more complicated by the once powerful employer, Hubaldus Hercolani, the collapsed empire. Leonard Stanley, the number one of his number one. And a threatened police officer, Bill Presin. If it wasn't enough to fight, Gumshoe's book would be drawn into the murder of Miles as a major suspect ... All stories have two aspects, Rock Joe. Will literally take this. Miles Brimley Moonlight, a child celebrity, illuminates the moonlight as an information extract in the criminal world operated by the infamous Herbaldas Helcolani. This series, reminiscent of Dr. Jekyll and Hyde, takes viewers to the split world of duplicate characters struggling in light and darkness. It is not just a crime drama, but the ultimate human question. Which side is you really? It is a story of a person surrounded by murder, criminal act, corruption, and involved in it, but at the center he wants the simple joy of life that most people think is the natural thing. I am. His struggle is to survive his environment, his enemies, and above all, his larger dolls, Rock Joe. The show filled with dry wit and gribb satire is not the comedy itself, but the dark spotlight that illuminates the GLI side of our existence while recognizing the concept of the concept of the concept. Rock Joe uses the south of the realism's premise to open the possibility that he could not be able to do it with a more grounded show. More ordinary characters support the audience as an observer of Rock Joe's more pulpy interrogation method. All episodes bring a strange death, unexpected twist, and the moment of a memorable wet cooler that can only be seen from the crazy dummy mouth. In the double world, Rock Joe licks both sides on both sides.
1527 ::: Jack Taylor: Purgatory (2016) ::: crime ::: Jack and Dallag are hired by a large software company and find out who steals valuable game data from the company. Jack likes the main suspect, but when she is killed, Jack swears to defeat him and defeat him.
1528 ::: Point mort (1984) ::: crime ::: A man was shot dead at a regional airport. Despite his injuries, he manages to pull himself to his plane, which is committed to Italy, and the killers are not already awaiting him in his destination. On the plane he remembers the events that led there. His name is Matou and he was forbidden from racing circuits for causing the formula 1 champion, a life -threatening accident. Matou has fled in his owner girlfriend Lena. When they are in an open country they are shot by those who follow the mysterious, which is the beginning of a wild manhant.
1529 ::: Águia na Cabeça (1984) ::: crime ::: A senator who has contacts with illegal betting activities is killed by the man who is his right arm, who wanted to gain his position. But the structure of the power will put this disruption again and can fall out, especially since there is a witness.
1530 ::: Hibotan bakuto: Jingi tooshimasu (1972) ::: crime ::: Oryu the Red Peony visits a former dying boss of an ally family and promises that she would help guide the new boss. Meanwhile, a lawn of lawn broke out. When the family is betrayed from the inside and the rival family becomes violent, Oryu takes matters into hand.
1531 ::: Jaggu (1975) ::: crime ::: Jagtap alias Jaggu has committed a crime as a career and the police is looking for him. The police manage to catch Jaggu's associate, Kalia, who decides to act as an informer for the police and as a result Jaggu is arrested, tried in court, and sentenced to two years in jail Is heard. After his discharge, an angry Jaggu faces Kalia, who apologizes deeply from Jaggu and both patch ups. One day a widow reaches Jaggu and asks her to save her daughter, Geeta, who is kidnapped by Desai. Although Jaggu Desai has a hand hired hand, Jaggu saves the Gita, the two fall in love with each other and get married. A Tamasic Desai wants to die Jaggu at all costs and is willing to pay any price to kill him for this purpose. And the person he intends to rent is nobody else who is Jaggu's friend, Kalia - a person who has cheated Jaggu once, but can now kill him.
1532 ::: In the Black (????) ::: crime ::: A criminal participation in the scheme to control the narrow American casino control for control. The singer of the trip is the girl of his controlling, an attractive beans play his concern, and a friend representative that is his manager. Everyone has their agendas that assurely believes.
1533 ::: "Dial 999" (1958) ::: crime ::: The episode tells the story of a case in London in the 1950s, named after the police as 'Spaceman'. It starts with the gunpoint, where the thief removes escapes by hanging on the back of the lorry, after standing on the top to rob the payroll of the office through the first floor window. After they escaped, the thieves change their van for motorbikes. Called to investigate Magwair, he finds the lorry and continues his search for the gang. One of the three of the three crooks is a woman (played by Joe Owen) but two people in the gang are Kemp (played by Neil McCarthy) and Groovs (Michael Eli). While checking the evidence around the stolen lorry Magair, he noticed some holes in a woman's high heels.
1534 ::: Nether World (1997) ::: crime ::: In a bold visual and narrative style 'Nether World' is the story of an aging and cynical CIA Assassin (W. Morgan Sheppard, Wild in the heart) and a new idealist agent (Mark Sheppard, in the name of father) who against him Will is partned with the veteran in his latest task. In a bold visual and narrative style 'Nether World' is the story of an aging and cynical CIA Assassin (W. Morgan Sheppard, Wild in the heart) and a new idealist agent (Mark Sheppard, in the name of father) who against him Will is partned with the veteran in his latest task. Ideologies clash and tensions are assembled as the new agent begins to discover a terrifying secret buried in his partner's past and associated with their current task. A secret that, if fully detected, can destroy both. Time is suspended. The past and the present begin to blur like the identity and fate of the two men. A haunted story of loss and redemption 'Nether World' is the feature film debut by the winning director of the Anders Dalgaard awards that is compared to the Beckett form and David Lynch's visions.
1535 ::: "Doctor Frost" (2014) ::: crime ::: Dr. Frost "is a drama on a professor of genius psychology who cannot feel certain emotions due to an injury he was as a child. He uses his deductive reasoning to help the procedural teams both officially and unofficially To resolve crimes next to it.
1536 ::: Greed is satisfied with no Gain (2019) ::: crime ::: Broker hires Hitman to kill some of the great names on the stock exchange, doing so, he is able to predict the stream of shares, ultimately his greed will make him meet the same person who used only at different Circumstances.
1537 ::: Slaves in Cages: 'Slaver i bure' (1972) ::: crime ::: Rich Playboy (with a bad Elvis hairstyle) reincarnates on innocent women, luring them back to his mansion, and then kills them and locks them! He makes them eat like animals from food trays, beat and rape them, and teach them to release a sexual show for their perverted friends (so he made his wealth). When women get tired of his erotic abuse, they rise and brutally kill him on the stage of the roaring applause of the astonished audience! Reminding the shorter blood sucking freaks, women were crazy by their forced captivity, which makes them no better than my dear, died master in the end.
1538 ::: Just Hustle (2004) ::: crime ::: Discovery developed by a new ferners. Johnny Mac contradicts his intention and accept the unexpected person. Johnny Mac is next suspicious person who suspects, a punk skate, a person leading to her maze of a college college. The top table softly turns when a man who is employer is found for a paid house to pay for football payments. Like the leaders in Johnny Mac left the bag.
1539 ::: Oboroten v pogonakh (2013) ::: crime ::: Captain Rikov is the most complicated dead end case. His reputation precedes him. His stubborn logic, irony, and experience contributed to his success. He is very good at some people who say that he is super naturally talented. Now, let's say that his success keeps him on the moon ...
1540 ::: Gold Licks (2018) ::: crime ::: A few weeks have passed since the successful attack was deducted from the three people (one of whom is the prey for the other two until the heat dies). When the other two appear to collect their share, the main actor claims that he cannot remember the robbery because he suffers from dementia at the first stage. He really suffered from memory loss or is it all a detailed plan to keep the prey to himself?
1541 ::: "The Best Defense: Survival!" (2009) ::: crime ::: Best Defense: Survival hosted by Michael Been is an attractive new show in which men and women have been given defense methods and existence techniques to help, to quickly analyze, react and react to some of the most dangerous and incredible situations ever. Terrorism, natural disasters and all kinds of emergency are shown.
1542 ::: Busted! Animal Smugglers (2014) ::: crime ::: Nat Geo Wild walks in surprising and real events of the smuggling of animal smuggling. Every year millions of animals are sent illegally on the international border. Wildlife smuggling with valuable billions of dollars per year is one of the largest black markets of the nation. See amazing ways of smugglers.
1543 ::: Unforgotten (2012) ::: crime ::: Professor James Earl Medina is a famous university professor and a lovely family man. But someone decided to take revenge on what a good master had done in his youth almost thirty years ago. A good master has no choice but to return to his former and sad life to save his family. The following is a clash between the master and those who want to hurt him and his family.
1544 ::: Zielfahnder: Flucht in die Karpaten (2016) ::: crime ::: The breathtaking criminal hunting, which leads to the world of the remote mountains of Romania, has a foreign portrait. Hannah Landauer and Sven Schuler are part of LKA's special units and traps fugitive over the borders into the remote angle of the world.
1545 ::: Le dernier souffle (1999) ::: crime ::: The life of Laurent Vaillancourt, a police officer in Montreal, is falling apart. His wife leaves him, his father does not talk to him, and his brother Martin is in great trouble. When Martin dies mysteriously, Laurent tries to solve his murder. The investigation leads it to Nazareth, Arkansas, a city conquered by militia. Laurent engages in a dark piece involving murder, money and a set of shady characters. Will he be able to behave alone?
1546 ::: "Prepisani" (2010) ::: crime ::: 30 years later. Two-collisions with fellow workers and workers sit down with the National REealation. Resource examination rede red, black of one of the guards in the house of Tito, find itself on the other side of the law.
1547 ::: Once Upon a Time in London (2018) ::: crime ::: Dramatize the violent reign of two of the most notorious gangsters in London, Billy Hill (Leo Gregory) and Jack `` Spot '' Comer (Terry Stone), Once Upon a Time in London, the legendary Rise and Fall of A National Empire Empire which lasted until the duration until the duration until the duration until the duration until the duration until the duration until the duration until the duration to the to duration until the duration until the duration until the duration until the duration until the duration until the duration until the duration to the duration until to duration until the duration until the duration until the duration until the duration until the duration until the duration until the duration to the duration until Until duration until duration until duration until the duration until the hard half-recording and which paved the way for notorious Kray Twins and the Richardson.
1548 ::: Heart of the Streets: HOTS (2018) ::: crime ::: T-Dawg da Don Luan Luan Craiggo, who tries to leave the streets, but the only way he knows how to earn money pulls it deeper into the heart of the streets while he and his childhood friend Da Bull Bank who Lion (Sand Man) Find a way out of no way when they come into contact with 25 year old legend and entertainment industry JT the Bigga Figa who plays (themselves) can come out of the streets before or will be made Another statistic.
1549 ::: Fifteen (2012) ::: crime ::: David in twenty -two, a film editor. He is well trained, his family is rich and he is bored. Then he meets Sean ... The changes in his life are irreversible. He is attracted to a cocaine subject to crime, violence and murder. David has to stop the horrible series of events before his world is destroyed. But is his path already destined by the disturbed and dangerous gentleman Allen?
1550 ::: KHATA-Kaash Humse Na Hoti (2018) ::: crime ::: Raj Malhotra is a businessman in Mumbai, and he has two children Raj and Milli, and Raj has a wife named Khoshi Malhotra, and Raj wants a household guard, so Jamil Salé (the main leadership) comes in Raj's house. Raj and his wife do not have any understanding of the prior approval of Sila and closed in front of Raj and did a material relationship with Raj Khoshi knows this and she is in a comma to continue ..
1551 ::: Killer Surreal (????) ::: crime ::: The film is played as a crime procedure. He is tracking a serial killer of detective prostitutes. He was obsessed that he could not bear that there was no accused in his custody at any time. He had to release one accused, another in his investigation and the other was flying. If it is not so intense, his mania will be comic. The real murderer, the dentist, never appears on the list of suspects of detective. He is on the search of his own manic. To find the perfect victim, to have a perfect woman who ends the pain of his vague desire. The truth of his occupation is to repair the bone of the dentist and end the pain of meat. Although their lives are socially different, these two searches are meant to meet men face to face. The detective wife is a policeman, he works secretly for him as a prostitute. This bored woman is on her own exploration: a soul mate, who can read her thoughts and feelings. When she takes her dentist as a potential victim, she finds her ideal. And the dentist finds his perfect woman. Following the Latin Christian prayers, we emphasized that the 'O Salutaris Hostia, the victim', and the victim can only protect the murderer. That is, if she is not arrested in our story and he does not kill her. Behind the contemporary story, however, is hidden from the parallel story from the past. The embodiment of our dentist's assassin Doctor-Genist, who chloroformed his victims when he was not recognized by Chlorofam. He has never been caught and the case has been resolved ... it is then, it's now.
1552 ::: Cidade Ameaçada (1960) ::: crime ::: One of the most scary and dangerous Brazilian criminals, a story about Passarinho. He robbed and robbing Gang and her gang for several years. It was known for his anti-authority, Passarinio was the hottest news in the city, as well as fantastic media, as well as the love of a hard-working woman.
1553 ::: Den magiska cirkeln (1970) ::: crime ::: Saaligan was a group of Swedish youths, activist 1936-1930 was to blame for several murder and robbery. The charismatic leader of Sigard Nilson-Turnman was. The mind of hypnosis and contradictory criminal. The actions of the Salalis were shockingly brutal and clearly meaningless. They were accidentally killed for cash and celebrated the fabricated cause. Per Berglunds's film is opened by the Norwegian author Akcel Sandemose. "I do not accuse the human being, I accuse the system that cannot educate a person to do inadequate and evil." Director Per Berglund and Producer of Stephen Jarrell are anxious to insist that this film is not a documentary Salaligan. Instead, the film emphasizes the small small towns and psychological and social approaches that cause the criminal phenomenon like Saligan to occur in such a place. Den Magiska Cirkeln is a good example of a Swedish political film from the 1970s.
1554 ::: "Klan" (2016) ::: crime ::: Following the assassination of Madgar Evers, the delusional ambulance driver Patrick Rawalings is recruited as an FBI informant in the United States in the United States. Clansman Gene Headwood and his trusted second-in-handed Garth Dahitant deal with a mole inside his clawer. Havud's wife B B B B B Bi struggles with a one -year anniversary of his eldest son's death. FBI Handler Dean V Ler Ler gets some worrying information.
1555 ::: Nightmare Christmas (2012) ::: crime ::: It is a comic look at Christmas crimes. Nightmare Christmas glances at a woman who stabbed her husband in her chest for opening her gifts five days earlier. Two gourmet grinches flying church donations during Christmas mass and the bizarre story of a man who stole an unusual dress.
1556 ::: "Klan" (2016) ::: crime ::: Following the assassination of Madgar Evers, the delusional ambulance driver Patrick Rawalings is recruited as an FBI informant in the United States in the United States. Clansman Gene Headwood and his trusted second-in-handed Garth Dahitant deal with a mole inside his clawer. Havud's wife B B B B B Bi struggles with a one -year anniversary of his eldest son's death. FBI Handler Dean V Ler Ler gets some worrying information.
1557 ::: Le toubib, médecin du gang (1956) ::: crime ::: Dr. Louis Krontz, who lost his doctor's license, joined the huds' gang to treat their injured. When his son is ill and needs expensive medical help, Louis decides to take part in the gang. Unfortunately, exploitation is wrong. The gang boss convinced that Louis had betrayed them, deciding to make him a gun ...
1558 ::: "Bum Rush" (2016) ::: crime ::: A story of friendship, love, money, betrayal and violence .... det. Jermaine Lawson has returned to his old neighborhood as an undercover agent, sworn to bring down the local drug king pin! But he didn't know that his best friend, J Rock, the next one is in line and now running things ... will detice. Lawson honor the badge or his family.
1559 ::: "Lawless" (2013) ::: crime ::: Jacob Riz is a cool and calm detective with the Metrocity Police Department. His partner was killed on the fire line. Jacob will never work with another partner. As long as his boss gives him a partner, Uniser Lee. He is a small firecracker ready to kick the donkey in the basement of Metrocity. Can the two come together? Without killing each other?
1560 ::: "Lawless" (2013) ::: crime ::: Jacob Reese Metrosity is a quiet, cool spy with the Police Department. His partner was killed in the fire line. Jacob will never work again with a partner. By the time his boss hands him over to a companion, Younis Lee. It is a little cracker that is ready to kick some donkey in the underworld of the crime of Matrosity. Can both meet together? First without killing each other?
1561 ::: Implosión (2015) ::: crime ::: Santana is the worst police officer in Madrid. After what was supposed to be a simple mission, he was injured very badly. Ludwig is a German businessman living in Spain. After finding his wife cheating on him, he tries to kill himself but fails to do so. Both men go to a search for Maria kidnapped by drug dealers and corrupt cops.
1562 ::: Snuff, Vítimas do Prazer (1977) ::: crime ::: After producing a successful SNUFF underground film, if the main actress is raped and murdered, Brazilian Miguel returns to SĂo Paul movie. With attractive salaries, they hire Broken Cinema technician Edson Lima and his assistant Juarez. Together, they launched the stripper and the prostitute Lia de Souza; the decadent and former famous actress Taty Ibanez; the candidate actress Green Verdi; the Miss Contest candidate, Miss Săo Paulo Maria Rosa; and an actor admitted to a mental institution, Sergio Bandeira. The group believes that they will shoot in secret and move to the small city of Limeira. When Bob falls in love with Lia, he tries to convince Michael to forget tobacco and avoid his death. But Michael is reluctant and does not want to give up his project.
1563 ::: "Girl 17" (2015) ::: crime ::: The Secret Antiterrorist Unit designed by the United States government to track and eliminate terrorists, and their sponsors residing in the homeland. Prince Omari is a terrorist financier who connects online for a girl to have a good time, and he got "Girl 17". Who is "Girl 17?"
1564 ::: The Third Clue (1934) ::: crime ::: A person installed in an old night is killed in his study. He says that he died to find hidden Indian gems of flexes who rush to his brother's brother. He wants to find the great treasure of his brother, so it can be given to her son. But before finding the treasure, the third warning should be found.
1565 ::: Hastings Street (2014) ::: crime ::: Charlie has just left prison. All he knows for sure? He doesn't go back. The only place he knows? Hastings Street. After a stint of three years, someone owes him, but Charlie notices that his friends are now very little. While he tries to stay on the right and narrow, he falls for melody, a beautiful and troubled woman. Charlie knows that he has to come from criminal life and he must take melody with him. Brak and from options, he has no choice but to take a final job with his old gang. One last performance and he is out, he thinks. As the opportunities begin to stack, the true character of Charlie is tested. Everything or nothing. Live or die.
1566 ::: "Staatsanwalt Posch ermittelt" (2007) ::: crime ::: There are fear that Arson's auditer Savertart died in the last fire, but Appsi shows that he is not. On the other hand, she is no place where there is a cliff of spelling now. However, Kim Shatterman refuses to refuse he is guilty.
1567 ::: Jurrat (1989) ::: crime ::: Abdullah was the first to challenge the underworld don of Roti Bombay, Cama, and his life was shortened when a bombings in his bakery in Bandra. Another person challenging the work was Inspector Ram Singh, who managed to arrest Girdharan and bring him to court, but was being organized for contempt of court charges, and duty Suspended from When he returns home that night, he finds the house in the dark. On entering, he finds his wife, Savitri and son, Sunny's lifeless body. Ram is unable to obtain evidence against the work and takes into alcohol; The third person challenging the work is one of his own colleagues, Joseph, who escapes with his girlfriend, Julie with a money -filled suitcase. Both are hunted and taken to Cama, which decides to leave Joseph only when Julie decides to be her. Julie and Joseph try to exclude work, but their plot is discovered and Joseph's life ends. Now Inspector Avinash has been transferred from Delhi and has been assigned a matter of work. Avinash is married to Renu. Anwar, one informer Avinash leads to a gold biscuits, but he became a real biscuits, resulting in all the rounds of embarrassment for the police department. Avinash is successful in arresting Girdhkor, only it can be told that this action will endanger Renu's life. The question is, did Avinash dare to cross the swords with work and cause another casualties?
1568 ::: Khozyain taygi (1969) ::: crime ::: After stealing a store, the suspected Snezhkin detective is one of the producers working in a saw factory. It begins a mental duel between two strong characters.
1569 ::: The Skeleptica Effect (2009) ::: crime ::: In one day, a group of selected criminals will be attached to removing many robbers. When a member decides to change all the plans for selfish profit simultaneously, things are unavoidable, he deals with mental fit, called "skeleptica", which divides his personality.
1570 ::: Priest the Lost Son (????) ::: crime ::: A young man named Kilo is deeper into the trade world, in this follow -up to super fly. While the network of rackets and corrupt police officers intensifies, his mother finds his alienated father to get him out of this life. Kilo knows little, his father was the original super fly.
1571 ::: Der Tourist (1996) ::: crime ::: Lanz's police inspector has always been behind a serial killer hit during his vacation and would like to close him with the words "I hope you are here" on a postcard. When the killer appears in London, Lanz takes the chase, but before he can appear, the man falls until his death from the surface. The case is closed, Lanz goes on vacation to Vienna with his beautiful wife Karen, he does not know that someone is already waiting for him ...
1572 ::: "Arne Dahl: Ont blod" (2012) ::: crime ::: The American serial killer on a plane from New York to Stockholm. Without a suitable identification and with a large group of urgency, try to determine the location of this passenger before Sweden unintentionally importing the first American serial killer. The Swedish serial killer enters, and soon begins to kill him. His blood -blooded methods can be tracked to the Vietnam War. Cooperation with the FBI begins in a desperate attempt to arrest him.
1573 ::: The Wonderland Gang (2018) ::: crime ::: De Wonderland -gang concentrates on a robbery at Heathrow airport on Saturday, July 30, 1966. The gang poses as undercover police officers who would believe civil servants of Dupe Airport that they are an attempt to strengthen an attempt to strengthen to ł1.2 million to steal in Gouden Bullion awaiting shipping to the US Federal Reserve. But everything is not as it seems.
1574 ::: Cocked (2005) ::: crime ::: Three close friends. A common enemy. Bad plans. Belly luck. When it is summer in the suburbs, even if crime does not pay, at least it is something to do.
1575 ::: Duplicity (2004) ::: crime ::: When Reggie Lucas's husband was killed, she reveals she was missing $ 18 million. Then she is excited by the three gangs who want money. A handsome stranger appears ... but is he a good guy or a bad guy. As the corpses accumulate, Reggie should decide who she can trust.
1576 ::: Le malin plaisir (1975) ::: crime ::: Philip Malaysao, writer and historian died with Barlester, who courageous, boldly, in the South, Mark Lancykelot, Malayso. Five women in fitbons: Julie, a great secretary, great secretary, and a very special secretary, Malayie, Malayyso, Marianne widow, a distant widow, Christo, grandchildren and Melisa, Italian friend. Four women depend on Malayso. Did he die from a simple accident? Der Junge Auto Marc Sold Das Letzte Werk Des Es Verslich Verstorbenen Fonts Malayisko Vollenden. Marc Setzt Dessen Villa Arbitrit Arbitit Am MittelMeer Fort Und degree Sketetärin Julie Verführt. Bald Kommt Ihm der Verdact, Daß Malaiseaus Toth Kein Daß Malaiseaus Thing Kein, Denn Sovohl Julie ALS Auh Der Villa Zayandy Tenter. Bald Shene Die Fünf Fruens Auch Uhc Als Bedrohung. Crete Sciences: "Bernard T. Michelle is not avoided by mockery. Hanged hangs? »(HB)
1577 ::: Partners for Life (1997) ::: crime ::: With the RAP-filled Energy Energy Energy, Castic Comics, Castic Comics, Kent Diet, and Raw Dialog, and Raw Dialogue, and Raw Dialogue, and Raw Dialogue, and Raw Dialogue, and Raw Dialogue, and Raw Dialogue, and Raw Dialogue, and Raw Dialogue, as well The film seems influence with the media and environment environment today. Life Sarinz's Life Sergei and Tamili Delt for life and relationships for life because they make criminal pressures of the city. Wildly for the irritation of gritty pictures, intense characters, for urban conflict for urban.
1578 ::: FBI Criminal Files (2016) ::: crime ::: True crimes are unknown to literature. The temptation of money, energy and greed is very consuming for some people who are psychological to fulfill their reckless addiction in the thrill; Will turn to new tendencies; But it's the crimes that you don't hear about it are the most interesting. This 2 DVD collection of amazing stories of corruption and murder, based on real -life events, you will see your neighbors and friends in a completely new way because everyday people are capable of horror that you have never doubted. Cocaine Wars: A successful, hardworking defense lawyer sees a model of a model but is associated with the drug distribution network in truth. He gives the impression that he is a man on the move when he lives a degeneration and a secret life. When a region's dispute develops, Charles finds himself behind eight balls in the battle of his life, because he is dead for his former group. Inside Psycho's mind: When a young Model Dale, anxious to enter the fashion industry, reaches his first photo shoot, he reaches a secluded place and realizes that something is very wrong and his life will never be the same. A horrible story based on real -life events that will give you a shock to the original. Enter the world of Girimala and Sleez as horrible events of discoloration and depletion.
1579 ::: 31 Million Reasons (2011) ::: crime ::: Police, robbery, bunny chow -It is roughly based on a true story about one of the largest robbery in South Africa. Ronnie (Jack Devenalan) and the Jag Brothers (Rahle Brijunas), a two police man from Charts Worth, have hated a conspiracy to seize 31 million locks from cash deposit facilities. When a police officer is assigned to investigate his robbery, its high interests.
1580 ::: Dirty Little Secret (1998) ::: crime ::: The adopted son of a sheriff and his wife is kidnapped, but the motive becomes beyond ransom. When Sara comes with a conspiracy. To kidnap Charlie. This happens. More interesting Charlie has been told that he will be raised after school, but no one shows it, so he decides to walk home because a brown van draws next to him and you are all looking at a place at that place The bar was taken away where Sara and her lover and her friends live. Charlie is bundled like a rug in a large brown burlap bag with a rope. Sara comes to the room where hesitance rebukes, where he hesitates and struggles. To be free. Sara sits on the bed next to her and says that you were kidnapped Charlie calmed down, no one would hurt you that I promise. If you promise to be good and promise to scream, you are sick free
1581 ::: The Locker (????) ::: crime ::: It was an honest error ... Tom and Sheila Stanford purchases locker, intention to give clothes to charity. What they do not know are the cartila cash? And they want it back. But the Cartel may escape more than it cries. You see, Stanfins are marine, and the navy are trained to give. When Rome and Sheila Stanford Buy Storage Port # 38, they think they get a few ten boxes of wrong. Not suitable for orphanage children in Mexico. Stanfordz has no idea that their new purchased storage unit is a penalty for a family of Mexican Drugs. They don't know anything about 640 million money under all TT shirts. Now Tom and Sheila competes for their lives, the killer canton cartial remains to remain before. The killers are completely ruthless on their tri. For them, kidnapping, torture, and killing are all parts of the job. But this time, they are not against ordinary police or civilians. Tom and Sheila Stanford both are retired from the US Marine Corps, and the Marine is hard to kill.
1582 ::: Darkly Dreaming Billy Ward (2009) ::: crime ::: Bailey's killings are performed by the inner voice he calls as "dark traveler", who constantly asks him to kill. Billy's character is based on the Dexter storytelling character found in Jeff Lindsi's novel. Darkly Dreaming Dexter. The first catalyst for the first murder of Billy is the form of an old Hitchcock movie that Bailey watches on television one night. The scene that provokes her inner voice is strangled by cruel women. This is the image that drives Billy to his murder area and forces him to go out on the streets of New York and take his first life. Jenny Cole, a secret police woman, is working on the streets of New York as a prostitute and drug user based on Marvel's humorous personality. It is he who ultimately considers himself as the first victim of Billy.
1583 ::: "Romance Policial: Espinosa" (2015) ::: crime ::: Lutenant Aspinosa (Domingos Montagner) is a systemic, cultured and moral. Suddenly in the area covered by its area; Policemen begin to kill under similar circumstances; He then organizes a task group to try to solve the cases. However, during the investigation, he begins to be suspected of changing his role from Hunter to hunt.
1584 ::: La banda del trucido (1977) ::: crime ::: After the robbery ended with the death of the police chief. The police detective is looking for a suspect, Lanza, to revenge on the death of his boss. The subtle search leads him to Bell, a Sicilian Gangster and "garbage", the dirty leader of a killer gang. This is a violent act because they trace both the police and the Blue criminals, which are still stealing for a while for a while ...
1585 ::: Exclusive Rights (1926) ::: crime ::: The governor's candidate, Stanley Wharton is the enthusiastic enemy of El Moris, the boss of crooks and politicians forming an invisible government, and when he is elected for the position, he allows for the death penalty for the murder of a gang member. Catherine Cortright, in collaboration with Worten's fiancé, wants a new bill to terminate the death sentence, followed by Mac Miller frames, Wharton's war companion, with the assassination of Bat Hoover, at the Elite Club, gang Rendesh. Between friendship and duty, the torn governor Wharton refused to sign the bill, though Catherine breaks the engagement. Sadi, secretly Mac's wife, receives a confession from Flash Fleming, but she is killed before Fleming signs it. Worten Morris believes that Mac has been hanged, pushing the hand of the corrupt ringleader and receiving Bikel's statement.
1586 ::: Family Business (????/II) ::: crime ::: Lucky Neopali has kept peace in his city for more than 20 years, while the leader of another family has not become ill and is a new boss sees things differently. Lucky tries to keep calm, but it can only take so much before he has to bend his strength and show everyone why he is the ruling boss.
1587 ::: "Crimestrike" (2012) ::: crime ::: Crimesstrike is a bold television series in which everyday citizens give truth, first eat to protect themselves by hand when the great danger suddenly came to his life. These are the people who found themselves face to face with a sudden danger and who stood to protect themselves and their family, their home and business space. These are stories of people who refused to suffer.
1588 ::: Jaggu (1975) ::: crime ::: Jagtap nickname Jaggu has dealt with crime as a career and has the police officer for him. Police were able to accept an associate of Jagu, Kailia, who decides to act as an informant for the police and, as a result, was arrested, tried in court and sentenced to two years in prison. After his dumping, angry Jaggu is confronted with Kaalia, who apologizes thoroughly at Jaggu and the two get stuck. One day, widow approaches Jagu and asks him to save her daughter Geeta, who was abducted by Desai. Although Jaggu is a rented hand to Dezai, Jaggu saves Geeta, they both fall in love with each other and marry. Revenge Desi wants Jaggu Dead at all costs and for that purpose he is ready to pay any price to kill him. And the person he intends to hire is not another but Jagu's friend, Kaalia, a man who once betrayed Jaggu, but now he can kill him.
1589 ::: Le démoniaque (1968) ::: crime ::: Delanay, the son of rich American movie producer shows the film at the Cannes Film Festival, suffers from psychotic disorders. From his living room he will meet his binoculars, beautiful young starlets in blue bikini. He cut him into his room and his room at the pretext of her father. Sophie, when his stepmother detects crime, Jay forces him to do it. Other victims ...
1590 ::: The Silence of the Bones (2008) ::: crime ::: Swaziland 2001. About 35 women and five children are found dead in the Malkerns forest. Their decomposing bodies can only be identified by clothes that lie near their remains. David Simelane recounts the killings and leads the police in a terrible discovery of all troops. A trial is ongoing, but is deceived by the controversy, the sick witnesses and even a suicidal attempt by Simellan himself. So far the longest trial in Swazi history. Rum is rumored Simellan is part of a trade union that reaps body parts for money. Could this be the case or is it just a sadistic cold -blooded sadist killer?
1591 ::: Holmes University 4: Origins of the Fall (2016) ::: crime ::: A year has passed since Sherlock Holmes and John Watson became a roommate. Everything seems to be working with the master detective and his buddy John Watson. Until MORIARTY gives an ominous warning about what is coming. Bring them to too personal cases, which will bring their loved ones in danger, exposing their friendship very much. Can they stop her?
1592 ::: Kronika jednog zlocina (1973) ::: crime ::: This is omnibus consists of three stories, all of which deal with human psychology. In the "Waltz" story, we learn about the first sexual experiences of a man attending a Dance School in Split. In the story of "Ave Maria", it destroys a harsh, poetic, pastoral crime, and in the story of "Sea", we meet a family, who lives on an isolated island, which is going through an existential crisis ending with death.
1593 ::: Zweikampf (1986) ::: crime ::: A senior citizen - inspired by the desire to live his life peacefully - every trouble in his neighborhood - becomes very inventable in killing the nominee and looking like accidents. Only a retired superintendent is suspected of murder, but none of his former colleagues believe in him. So he begins to investigate cases on his own, a vast but still a fatal duality (German "zweikampf") between the two pensioners.
1594 ::: "First Kill" (2014) ::: crime ::: New York City in the 1970s is trapped by fear when a young woman is murdered without mercy without apparent reasons or justification. With terrified citizens and a loose intelligent murderer, the New York police began their most desperate human hunt to date.
1595 ::: Le toubib, médecin du gang (1956) ::: crime ::: Having the ability of his physician, Dr. Louis Kanz joined the Hood to heal the injured. When her son was sick and searched for expensive support, Louis decided to join the team. Unfortunately they are sinning. Louis stood in Louis had broken them, decided on his gun ...
1596 ::: The Bosnia War Crimes Trial (1996) ::: crime ::: The Bosnia War Crimes Trial does the "ethnic cleaning" documents during the Yugoslav war in the 1990s. War crimes include death camps, mass hanging and deportation. Dusan Tedic, among others, heard for his crimes in Bosnia.
1597 ::: Gold Licks (2018) ::: crime ::: A few weeks have passed since the successful theft was withdrawn by the three individuals, (one of them maintains a safe looting of the two others until the heat dies). When the other two attend to collect their share, the main protagonist claims that he cannot remember anything about theft because he suffers from the first stage of dementia. Does he really suffer from memory loss, or is it all a complex plan to keep looting himself.
1598 ::: The Last Hour (1923) ::: crime ::: Reever McCall, an infamous counterfeiter, is running by police with his daughter Sayee. He asks his teammates, a former criminal named Steve Cline, for help. Cline, whose brother was killed by William Mallory, the detective that happens after McCall, agrees. Several years later, while serving as a nurse during the war, Saidee comes in love with Phil Logan, a patient of her who is also the son of her state governor. After the war mallory, now a great shot in state politics, gives a banquet for the governor. Mallory discovers Saidee's identity and asks you to marry him in exchange to keep quiet about her past. The complications are made.
1599 ::: Le veilleur (2003) ::: crime ::: A serial killer and a rendezv's hotel friction over a young and innocent night porter. When he hides the next money, he tries to overcome everything. But you should not try to play games with a serial killer, especially when he is wearing a police uniform.
1600 ::: Animal Black Ops: Kenya (2016) ::: crime ::: The services of the US fish and fauna have a special department; Law enforcement agencies. He is 261 special agents. He also has their own forensic laboratory, which supports international investigation of wildlife crimes. Because there is a device, over the past five years, over the past five years, many terrorist attacks in the world have been exposed to funded animals from poaching. This series is a history of some investigations, as law enforcement agencies fight the richest and identified wildlife criminals in the world. What else - President Barack Obama now has expanded this fight outside the United States. Last year, last year he financed funding and arms teams around the world to refuse the United States against the world's poachers. This series is the story of the battle.
1601 ::: Jack Taylor: Purgatory (2016) ::: crime ::: Jack and Darragh are hired by the head of a great software company to find out who stole valuable gaming data from the company. Jack takes a prime suspect, but when he is killed, Jack suspects his employer and leans to get down.
1602 ::: Supari - The Quest Begins Now (2014) ::: crime ::: No one at the party knew him. He was a gate crusher, what was his motivation? And the biggest problem is how he died. At a party full of people, the gate crusher was killed. I didn't see who did it. Are they all lying to hide big things? DSP Nirmal Pandey notices that you are in the exact in of the brewing conspiracy. He needs to know who has done it, but also knows how it was done. Spari, who explores complex urban mazes, tells the story of loyalty, lost friendship, betrayal, and heart warming loyalty for a long time.
1603 ::: FBI Criminal Files (2016) ::: crime ::: True crimes are strangers than fiction. The attraction of money, power and greed is for some who turn to psychotic tendencies to fulfill their insatiable addiction to thrill. But they are the crimes they don't hear from the most fascinating. These 2 DVD collection of exciting stories about corruption and murder based on events in real life will look at their neighbors and friends in a completely new way, because everyday people are able to horrify them, which they never suspected, in the location. Cocaine wars: A successful, hard -working defender lawyer looks at the part of a model citizen, but is actually involved in a large drug distribution network. He gives the impression that he is a man who is in motion and at the same time leads a secret life full of corruption and excess. When a territory dispute develops, Charles is in a struggle for his life behind the eight ball because he is better for his former cohorts. In the head of a psychos: When a young model striving to penetrate the fashion industry, arrives to her first photo shoot, she arrives in the remote place and realizes that something is very wrong and her life will never be the same. A terrible story based on real events that shock you to the core. Enter a world of dirt and sleaze while the terrible events of perversion and corruption develop.
1604 ::: La promesse du feu (2016) ::: crime ::: The first large fire of the season will destroy the scabland and the forest. At the heart of Inferno, a burned corpse was found in the smoking ruins of 4x4. Others follow, brothers and opponents, Guiloum and Damian, one by one policeman, one by one jerk, to work together, to follow the trial of Tiffany, to follow the trial of Tiffany, to follow the trial of Tiffany. Or should they examine the Canadair Pilot Taurik Amraui?
1605 ::: Traficantes do Crime (1958) ::: crime ::: The police are trying to arrest drug dealers, with the help of a reporter and preacher of a policeman. Solang is the young woman who, after killing her policeman by drug dealers, is ready to help the police find a well -organized gang. Maurício, a reporter who works in a newspaper called "O Dia" joins Solang and try together to infiltrate the gang headquarters. Paulo is the head of the gang, and Olafu, a man who tries to provide drugs to people, is assisted by them. Hugo is the head of the drug department, and a friend of Mauricio, who is responsible for the investigation.
1606 ::: The Skeleptica Effect (2009) ::: crime ::: In one day, a band of chosen criminals is attached to pull a number of hests. But when a member decides to change all the plans for selfish benefits simultaneously, things are overwhelmed, when it is known as the psychological fits .No fits "Scalptica", which divides his personality.
1607 ::: Der Tourist (1996) ::: crime ::: Police inspector Lanz has been dragging a serial killer for a long time who is knocking during his vacation and loves to help him with words "want you to be here" on a postcard. When the killer presents himself in London, Lanz takes the pursuit, but before he could nail his suspect, the man falls to death of a roof. The case is closed, Lanz goes on vacation in Vienna with his charming wife Karen, not knowing that there is already someone waiting ...
1608 ::: Fathoms Deep (2011) ::: crime ::: After the contract worsened, the two partners of the crime, Hicks (Zakari Block) and the cash (Robert Dill) are just the twisted lineup of the crime lord, and the villain "so incorrectly in the head" villain. is. In the unforgettable background of the Mohabe Desert, they must wait for the storm in Pox, the attractive safety man, but the opposite crime boss, Lou Garris (Duan Daniels), they I hunted down. Are they just making it in time, or is there any way to get out? I am convinced that there is nothing like a good man in an unorganized crime life.
1609 ::: The Profession (2014) ::: crime ::: Tommy is an old man old man, who has never been able to do a job for a long time, to the left of the sixteen. We will soon learn soon that Tommy's financial support is through illegal material. Over the years he made a large list of customers, something respects, some does not. But the end result is always finished at the payment check. We follow the tomi, because he goes to the largest and 'the best' in his drug worker, but it is all considered as Tommy's first thought?
1610 ::: Busted! Animal Smugglers (2014) ::: crime ::: NAT GEO Wild is in the real story of the impact of animal smuggling. Every year, millions of animals are smuggled across borders. Wildlife smuggling, which is estimated to be billions of dollars per year, is one of the largest dark market in Japan. See a strange way for smugglers to separate illegal schemes.
1611 ::: "Chen mo" (2010) ::: crime ::: Ren Daxiang, Deputy Director of the Criminal Investigation Department at the Public Security Office (PSB), Shaw Jenan and Ghawan Wei, Black sheep in the police, colluding with Yuan and Wenchon. They put a trap to kill Chen Yunqing and Geng Fengchen's brother and took their property. Lynn Yin is transferred to be the director of the Fuchon office in Fuchon. Initially, it is cheated by Ren Daksiang. However, in the end when he knows Lynn the truth, he puts an accurate plan and gets the evidence that cannot be refuted on their crimes, and picks up everything at work.
1612 ::: Sleeping with Fishes (2006) ::: crime ::: Keith an addicted player in southern London has 32 hours to find 20,000 ł. His dependence begins to ruin life for those he takes care of, his girlfriend, Carla, a prostitute, has her own dependence, the heroine. Matt, his brother-in-law, needs money to own his musical business. Henry, fresh out of prison, wishes to leave. Sean, obsessed and wired, wants to organize a last job for them. The McQueen McQueen detective in six-digit of the debt, is involved in the blackmail of Keith to save his own neck. Their personal needs bring them together to get each of their dreams by doing a last job together. As the day and the outbuildings progress, the storm worsens and that the formerly silent waves are now crashing dangerously towards their eyes.
1613 ::: Jurrat (1989) ::: crime ::: Abdulla Roti was the first person to challenge the hell of Bombay, Don, Kama, and his life was interrupted when a bomb exploded in his bakery in Bandra. The second person to challenge Kama was Inspector Ram Singh, who managed to arrest one of his partners, Girdhar, and brought him before the courts, but ended up being detained for the court himself himself and be suspended from his duties. When he returns home that night, he finds the house in the dark. At the entrance, he finds the lifeless bodies of his wife, Savitri, and son, Sunny. Ram is unable to obtain proof against Kama and takes alcohol; The third person to challenge Kama is one of his own partners, Joseph, who abstains with a suitcase full of money with her girlfriend, Julie. The two are chased and taken to Kama, who decides to spare Joseph that if Julie decides to become hers. Julie and Joseph try to thwart Kama, but their intrigue is discovered and Joseph's life ends. Now, the Avinash inspector has been transferred from Delhi and was assigned to the case of Kama. Avinash is married to Renu. Anwar, an informant leads Avinash to gold cookies, but they prove to be real cookies, which leads to police embarrassment for the police service. Avinash succeeds in arresting Girdhar, only to be informed that this action will endanger the life of Renu. Will the question remain Avinash dare to continue to cross the swords with Kama and become another victim?
1614 ::: Kiss of Death (2008) ::: crime ::: Every POV tells a story. Rush blood is not like any other crime in TV. Boomtown encountered CSI, he's back to the form. The fact produces. The evidence is one man who is a lie again. The evidence means that it is good - but it is it? That's it? There is no one version. The truth depends on where you stand. How many things would you make the whole story? Different movies in GrHHow red, bloodless Rush is using an opinion and time to reveal a criminal story by the head of anyone involved. Traditional methods are translated, continuously and where the story is closed. Views of the detection, scientists, and the activities of the causes of the causes, contagious people Let us imagine the heart story. And finally in the truth. There is more than one way for crime. Every POV tells a story.
1615 ::: The Last Hour (1923) ::: crime ::: Since then Mac Circle is an alternative decree, his daughter is run by his daughter. He names the previous criminal to help his friend, for help. Kalim, whose brother was killed by William Malalzai, a man of the detector pursuant Mac Draft. A few years later, the battery is in the process of serving as a nurse, severed loves the agriculture that is the same as his state. After the Malalier, great shot in government politics now a waste for the governor's politics. Innbory is married with him in return to him in return to him in return to him in return to him in return to him in return to him about his past. Take the difference.
1616 ::: Jack Southeast (2018) ::: crime ::: Jack comes out of jail and released soon by his boss, but so he does another job and solves the score but yet on his head, his wife/girlfriend wants to stop , Stay clean or he will lose if he does not pack his ideas.
1617 ::: "Sledaki" (2011) ::: crime ::: The Investigation Division (Sladdy) looks like the General Police Department ... The whole set of unresolved cases, relationships in the department are not easy ... but as a result of the team's work, care and compassion with each other eliminates all problems and they solve all problems at once.
1618 ::: Police judiciaire (1958) ::: crime ::: Several investigations take place in the facilities of the French criminal police: a young offender is accused of having murdered his accomplice; A false witness is questioned for a dangerous murderer; A double crime has been committed in a hotel without any sign of a robbery ...
1619 ::: Gesucht wird Majora (1949) ::: crime ::: Increased fiber of the fiber of the excess of the "Majeh", the number of fiber of the mahora 'for the attack. This followed by a criminal egg develops after the precious formula.
1620 ::: Calles sangrientas (1990) ::: crime ::: A violent Mexican gang film were two groups fighting for their territory, honor and glory. Bikers vs Punk, none of the two gangs hesitates to kill anyone in front of them, raping their teachers and killing. They do not respect fathers, women or children. Spikes, hammer, knives and weapons for their purpose they use. Trashiness at best.
1621 ::: The Gun Run (????) ::: crime ::: A gun, but it's little, but the wise, and his unnecessary, receiving the saliva and horse seller. All the days of their day, they encounter all unusual shops, including killing, prevents clothes and many others. The story is following their last day, since they make all the cities, searching their list.
1622 ::: Nasty Habits (????) ::: crime ::: When the smuggler Mannk Manjan was arrested and in Lim Khan, his two minor brothers were removed from his law to alive and compete.
1623 ::: Street Creatures (2004) ::: crime ::: When a group of thieves steals a case of the crowd, it begins a chain of greed while all the players seek to make this case their own. Double cross, diagrams, violence, they all have their own methods. Everything is a matter of money. A case ... Lots of problems!
1624 ::: "Doctor Frost" (2014) ::: crime ::: Dr. Frost "is a drama about a genius psychology professor who cannot feel certain emotions because of an injury he has suffered as a child. He uses his deductive reasoning to help procedural teams both officially and unofficially to resolve offenses on the side.
1625 ::: "TRIO: Odins Gull" (2014) ::: crime ::: A previously an old fiction is the beginning point for the first season of the West. Despite the fact that the countless nora, truck, three-friend nora, truck, three friends nora, Lari, three friends nora, Lari, three friends Nora, Lari, three-friend Nora, Lari, Three Grenada Nora, Lari, three friends Nora, Lari, three friends Nora, Lari, three-friend Nora, Lari, threefriends, three-friend Nora, Lari, three friends Nora, Lari, three friends Nora, Lari, three friends Nora, Lari, three friends Nora, truck, three friends nora, truck, three friends, three-friend Nora Have been done. Their relaxation, linguistic and physical strength makes for their youth, and in addition to they have a means. Lisker, who has a wheelchakar on the pursuit of an event, received the widespread knowledge of computers and hacking and hacking, and it is in favor of the true.
1626 ::: Pattiyal (2006) ::: crime ::: Kosi (bee) and Selva (Bharat), Sami intermediaries (Cochin Haneefa) contractors.
1627 ::: Vykhod (2009) ::: crime ::: He was previously a mathematical genius. She had previously had a beloved woman and a few million wealth. Now everything in the past as well as dreams, hopes and life of peace. He has spent 10 years in prison. Now he has a single desire - to return what he belongs to and leaves. But the big money indicates big problems, everyone wants to break the bank-his former Press, former friend and ex-wife. Is reliable to anyone. It looks like there is no way to get out ...
1628 ::: Unforgotten (2012) ::: crime ::: Professor James Earl Medina is a renowned university professor and a loving family man. But someone from his dark past decided that they wanted revenge for something that the good teacher did almost thirty years ago in his youth. The good teacher has no choice but to return to his ancient and tragic life to save his family. What follows is a collision between the teacher and those who want to hurt him and his family.
1629 ::: Le denier du colt (1990) ::: crime ::: Four killings in forty -eight hours occur in Nice. The killer calls himself "extermination" and the police are unable to apprehend it. Tom Lepski is an insurance detective and he is involved in the investigation when Lisa Mendoza, a famous violinist and a friend, is killed just minutes before Tom visits him. After another wealthy woman killing, Tom reveals that all the victims were members of the exclusive club fifty. All of them but Lisa.
1630 ::: Inspektor Barbarotti - Verachtung (2011) ::: crime ::: Shortly after the detective from the Swedish police Gunnar Barbarotti received an anonymous letter at home during his vacation announcing the murder of an Anna, the stabbed corpse of Bloodily d'Anna Palme is found. This is the first of a few murders with clues, a naked Gunnar like Mark. Barbarotti lists 60 possible vindicative people from his past. Considering that some of them prove to be dangerous, but probably in vain by stumbling on the Kalle twins and the family intrigue of Ole Borg.
1631 ::: Anti-Social (2015) ::: crime ::: Dee is an anarchy street-artist, Marcus is an armed robber in the weapon box in jewelry store. For two brothers, being against society is a way of life! Due to the loyalty of the family, they love their relevant ways - and DEE will take on the picturesque stage of London, and Marcus "Ash-giant" will increase it and its aspirations. But suddenly in the Ultra-Ruthless Gangland War, it is forced to remember who he is, in the family of police and opponents and the MARCUS GANG. Two brothers, central London; Di is an anarchy street-artist, along with its best mate, along with its best mate, in the city's "spray-painting campaign" in the city's "Spray-coloring campaign" in the city. Marcus, along with his gang, along with its gang, the Sugar-Greenhouse pirate, a crime on the western leg - high-level jewelry stores in the armed motorcycles. For a Marcus for Marcus, being against society is the way of life! In honor of the family, the brothers will rarely meet their ways, and Doey will get acquainted with London's artistic stages, and Marcus boldly, and he can be a small happiness. But when the Zangland War appears, he had to remember who he was suddenly - police and opponents are getting ready to remove the largest target of their mankus due to the marriage family and the maratha!
1632 ::: Le dernier souffle (1999) ::: crime ::: Montreal's police officer, Laurent Velenkourt's life is falling apart. His wife leaves him, his father rarely talks to him, and his brother Martin is in great trouble. When Martin dies in a mysterious way, Laurent tries to solve his murder. This investigation leads him to the Nazareth of Arkansas, a city ruled by an army. The LU Rent himself is involved in a dark conspiracy associated with a set of murder, money and shadow characters. Can he find himself alone?
1633 ::: "Tie xue qing chun" (2006) ::: crime ::: In criminal affairs police, the detachment of the city of Dinghai, Ouyang Wen, Lu Cheng and Ma Chao are good friends. However, their friendship is undergoing serious crises due to a pair of lost delays in the form of lost tigers who can find in spring and fall. The misunderstandings, betrayal and friendship between them bring unexpected changes to their lives. When the pair of tiger -shaped accounts is finally recovered and secure, Blood has stained his youth in the battle of justice and love.
1634 ::: Deseta zapoved (2003) ::: crime ::: Born in 1978, in Jesenice, Slovenia. Film started to interest him in his high school years. He is a student at the Faculty of Electrical Engineering. In his spare time he makes amateur short films. After a seminar organized by the Republic of Slovenia Public Fund for Cultural Activities, he prepared the sketch for his first feature film project (Deseta Zapoved, 2003).
1635 ::: Shaft 6 (2018) ::: crime ::: Shaft 6 Carlton, 2006. The small town of mining is shocked by the discovery of a corpse on the infamous axis 6. The mystery surrounds the motive, but another dead miner is a reminder of how little has changed in democracy. The city is on the advantage and people want answers. Strong miners the barricade of the mine entrance and refuse to allow anyone within the complex to leave before their requirements are met. Sergeant Bo Mazibuko, a respected police officer and team leader in the Riot squad, has been sent to distribute the situation. In the back of his mind, he finds himself drawn to the matter. Detective Heinrich Theron, a rebellious with a cause, struggles to stay in the point on the matter. The police captain is concerned about his relationship with the mine chief. Johan Theron, his father, has run the mine for many years, passed down from generation to generation; There would be no city without it. However, when Johan arrives at the house to call a personal debt, it becomes clear that the body is decided to discover things that both men will prefer to forget.
1636 ::: The Last Holiday (2009) ::: crime ::: The story of the family holiday from the hell was a long journey when they Witnesses were gunshots. Should something be a peaceful vacation, becomes traveling trip to travel from hell? Will family life now live for their lives, and they will survive risks in front of the door and chase, chase, and those who pursue them?
1637 ::: Blood Line (2009) ::: crime ::: Two of the most powerful families in New York will collide in this urban drama. When Don Vitos Mafia family is threatened by Brooklyn's most powerful street king, Caesar, "Smash" Benton, a lawn war will decide the fate of the other empire. Vito begins to recruit new members and to record Richie, the son of his former right hand. While Richie falls deeper into the mafia network, he begins to rethink his goal of killing Vito. The man who murdered his father about the love of respect he deserves from the "family". Prepare for an intensive story of drama, romance and war.
1638 ::: Crosstrap (1962) ::: crime ::: Geoff and his wife rent an isolated campaign bungalow to allow Geoff to finish his last book without any distraction. Upon their arrival, they see a dead person in the property and before they can report the discovery, they faced a gangland boss, and his henchmen who used the empty property as hiding place for stolen valuables, and more Again. .
1639 ::: Cause and Effect (????) ::: crime ::: When Khalil (Ricardo pro -Rodriguez) offers him a infamous job owner who changes his life, a middle -class child named Street (Cesar Cipher Gabriel) earns a lifetime chance. Work of the first male killer in a female agency. With her best, she creates enemies in the agency, but her first goal is given to her with special instructions. When he meets Daja (Amari Lee) ... he realizes that nothing looks like.
1640 ::: Tears for My City (????) ::: crime ::: Based on the true story and the award -winning autobiography of Dean Dimitrieski, tears tell the story of an immigrant white child from Macedonia for my city who moved to the most dangerous neighborhood in Detroit in Detroit in the 1970s. With a crack -house next door, and gangs such as Young Boys recorded battles for control over the neighborhood, Dean Dimitrieski struggles to keep himself and his family safe while he refuses to join a gang - even when most of His friends are already on the inside. Later he becomes friends with two of Detroit's most sought after druglords, and just when he feels that he is starting to fit, he becomes a witness of a horrible crime that shatters his American dream and loved the life he loved in Detroit.
1641 ::: "Arctic Circle" (2018) ::: crime ::: The Arctic Circle Finnish is set in the unwanted polar region, amidst the icy landscape of Lapland. After Finnish police officer Nina Kautsalo, a dying prostitute is found in an old cabin in the forest, the upcoming criminal investigation takes a surprising turn when a malignant virus is discovered in the prostitute's blood. However, when Thomas Lorenz, a German virologist, travels to Lapland to examine the virus, he and Nina suddenly find themselves in the midst of a highly unusual criminal investigation that ends to force them to force them out of law Is.
1642 ::: The Girl, the Gun, & Everything (2013) ::: crime ::: About-ed-Dedde-Noi Te and Steel. After the bottom and pick up quickly, I TTterPomeths David C. (David Cobb) and Blake B. (Trag Drak) Looking for quick, they can't do quickly make. Because after "Jobchlishlinescent Job" means much more than they are in, they also see them drag them and continue through the law. Although city is like the awesome rapids, people don't say much. Because when you have boys like Micpillillo (Dana Fergusons), soon, the words "are protected and" actively serves. Just asked to do the Martinez (Bradley Micheeel), Hustley Street Husleler claims everyone under the Sun ... includes the researcher who causes a retirement and retirement. Or Sean (Patrick Nolan), Blake and his withheans, who did not make good money, and is willing to do what is right. But let us not forget about visitors of FEDMART TATARD, Arti main tithad, who can stop your mind and smile as they are special
1643 ::: Kommissar Dupin - Bretonische Flut (2017) ::: crime ::: To follow the book and the locations, it is about two murders in the fisherman's industry in the far west of Brittany around the bay of Douarnez. A fisherman's wife is found with her throat slot next to the fish auction room in Douarnez. Just as commissioner Dupin and his team are starting to interrogate the local population, a second murder of the small island of Sein is reported. The first victim comes from there, was known for its sustainable opinions and opposition against the local fisherman's magnate. The second victim is a biologist who recently moved there. She was studying the dolphins in Iroise Maritime Nature Park.
1644 ::: Cocaine (????) ::: crime ::: Laughterly awarded the award -winning documentary film Cocaine Cowboy, cocaine immediately packed the heat with the right shooting in the heart of modern Miami. Along with both criminal and innocent victims, the local police department is close to the end of a comprehensive investigation- and immediately decides to close its undercover operation before falling into pieces of the entire city. Silviano Castro was thrown into Miami's underworld after watching a young couple's drug -related 'Blackout murder' in the suburb. After the firing, he is brought to the department to tell everything he knows- or face imprisonment for crimes he has also committed. Through the vivid testimony of the silviano, we are given insight into the local drug rivalry and taken on a journey in an underground range for drug trafficking and murder, while the relationships of religion add to the signs of romance and religion. Over time, Silviano revealed the relationship between local politics and cocaine industry, which reveals the drug 'Rani' PIN, no one was expecting- and the explosive conclusion and the fall of Miami's new rich economy goes. Rapidly reminiscent of films such as books, vivid, and scarfs and bad boys, cocaine is an adrenaline-fuel glimpse that actually builds the city of Miami. As the Miami collambia falls down to the upheaval brought by the Drug Trade, a dedicated police officer goes to the undercover to bring a criminal empire to his knees. Only when he highlights the truth behind the city's economic and political participation, he himself is an incest family, pharmaceutical business, a contaminated police department, and two violent, illegal sports of cats and rats between star-cross lovers Finds at the center of
1645 ::: Miami Uncovered (????) ::: crime ::: Improbable competitive partners, Dani and Charlie, investigators from lawyers for the state of Miami Dade, land in surprising predicates in the search for accomplices criminals, luxurious Miami in exotic Morocco. Based on real events and with some of the most beautiful scenes of location in the world ... "Miami Découverte", while a serious criminal drama, is filled with hilarious and unusual circumstances, as well as assignment and details of Unique investigator, which makes it the story stands out from the other boyfriend, detective police films that have been produced. The main detective, Dani is lucky that she has his senior partner always looking for. Never before has this true story has been told, which discovers the workforce and lifestyle of certain families of Miami, going down the cops.
1646 ::: Kommissar Dupin - Bretonische Flut (2017) ::: crime ::: To go to books and places, there are about two murders in the Fishing Business in the extreme west of Britaine around the Bay of Durnanz. A fishermen are found next to the fish auction in the Durnanz with a slip of their neck. As the Commissioner Dupin and his team start questioning the locals, another murder has been registered from Sean's small island. From there the first victim was known for his sustainable opinions and opposition to local fishing magnets. The second victim is a living. He occupied with the study of dolphins at Eroise Meritime Nature Park.
1647 ::: La grotte aux loups (1980) ::: crime ::: In a small mountain village, a postman found that a woman and her son were dead in "Grootte Ax Loops" (the wolves of the cave). He will soon be not a natural death, and in the village behind their murder, someone begins to realize the tragic incidents.
1648 ::: Khote Sikkey (1998) ::: crime ::: Rohit and Vijay are trivial criminals who create money from truck drivers by impersonating the police officers. Their wrongful actions land them in trouble when the inspector Ajay will end them and invite them in a cell. With the help of another prisoner, the duo managed to escape with the hot police in the wake of them. The prisoner was shot and killed, but not before they give them contact information to UnderWorld Don, Pukhraj Mahadevan. Contact Pukhraj and cooperate with it to steal a bank. Ajay is witnessing Pukhraj in the smuggled car, and immediately arrested him. However, Pukhraj Will is not only able to win a "non -guilty" ruling in court, but also managed to embarrass Ajay in the eyes of his superiors and courts. Ajay must now reach a deception -resistant plan to arrest Pukhraj, but before he does it, he must prevail in the latest recruits in Pukhraj - and this if they are allowed !!
1649 ::: "El hombre de la luna" (1996) ::: crime ::: Murder, mysticism and mystery The story has all the ingredients of a classic suspense and more ... A beautiful girl is found in the valley of the moon cut with her throat, a homeless lies, faints, next to her body. He is accused of her murder. Case closed. Or is it? An expats lawyer is called upon to defend the accused and the cast of characters he encounters are a bizarre fate: a Ch'makani, or man of the dark, who can communicate with the beautiful twin sister of the dead girl, an American exchange, An American exchange, an American exchange, an American exchange student, banned by his parents to Bolivia for computer hacking, the ex -woman of the lawyer and a mysterious woman. They all combine for a steaming, exciting and exciting story
1650 ::: Out of Darkness (2004) ::: crime ::: "Out of Darkness" is a female murder detective named Teresa Maria de Los Angeles, who works for a fictional regional police in Cleveland, Ohio. She dealt with Drew Avon, a partner who does not trust her because her father is the master of the drug cartel. Angie has two bosses. He is a very friendly "ethical challenge" special prosecutor with excessive religious police LI and Philip Magnos. Magnos is a businessman behind all criminal acts in the city. Nevertheless, the most disturbing element in Angie's life is a mysterious shadow like a creature that takes over her body and devours criminals.
1651 ::: "Eden" (2006) ::: crime ::: The main character of these series is currently installed, which is a detective. He was injured during the police campaign, as a result of which he can get a wheelchair for life. But for a brave young man, it will not end. In the rehabilitation center in the Cladril, his friend and his colleague asks Lada Lada to ask him a situation in this institution. After leaving his center, Handa decides to be a taxi driver. There is no lack of customers, mysterious and criminal cases in a large city, such as Prague, and the taxi driver mixes too easily. Of course, he helps his former colleagues to solve them.
1652 ::: The Freemason (2013) ::: crime ::: A wealthy banker was ritual and brutally murdered. Banker's daughter and only heir, Rana (Alex McCenenna), called a clever but unusual freelance author Cyrus Rothwell (Randi Wen) to help in the investigation. Experienced healing detective lyon (Sean Austin), they suddenly enter into the world of Freemasanry- against a killer looking for a legendary remnants against a killer, hundreds of years of mythology and myth. Rothwell's difficulties are one of the banker's close internal circle as he reduces the killer. In the balance, millions of people inherited, everyone is considered a accused and every action intention. The Rothwell path is becoming more and more cloudy with his relationship with the beautiful successor and dancing on the edge of the charm and combination. Cyrus has to hold his mysterious past relationships with Freemasanry along with his natural senses, to open the killer before they hit again. Freemason is a thoughtful suspense thriller- Part Sherlock, Part Hitchcock, creates a gripping secret to unlock you.
1653 ::: "Schuld" (2015) ::: crime ::: In the final analysis, all this comes down to guilt, various colors of guilt that consider in a moment of thought in a single moment or in the months of predetermined plan. Defense lawyers Frederick Nonberg know that they should tip the legal parameters of justice in favor of their customer for crimes that are never black and white and what they can seem.
1654 ::: Lakeer Ka Fakeer (2013) ::: crime ::: Faker (AJAZ Khan) dream you become a driver to Dubai. Chote Mobile (a mixture of javed) required to set up his phone store and Salliam (Vicky I wish to be a politician. However, their fate is determined by their residence system rather than their wishes. It is said that sometimes 'Address' says more than you.
1655 ::: "Baian the Assassin" (1990) ::: crime ::: In the Edo period in Japan, justice is sometimes difficult to achieve it by natural means. In these cases, the affected people will employ Shigakenin, the deadly killers who are hurt without mercy to kill those who may escape from their legitimate ends. Fujieda Baian is a needle tingling specialist whose community is honestly served as a therapist. There are times, when he becomes a completely different person - the person whose skills are used to kill those who believe themselves above the law and outside justice. This crime drama was depicted in Eddu and other historical sites in Japan, which is the dark flavor of the novels written by Shotaro Ecinami on which it is based.
1656 ::: Irish Stand Down (2018) ::: crime ::: Ray Gallagher is your average 60-year-old, 2nd generation Irish, ordinary, salt-of-the-earth, gangster. But Ray has a problem, he needs ł200K to place as the 'blind' in a bake -colored boxing without a permit - with rival gangland boss, the long man. With time, Ray and his crew of misfits rob a backstreet casino. The problem is that the casino is the tall man to its rival.
1657 ::: Priest the Lost Son (????) ::: crime ::: A young man named a kilo deepens in the world of dealing, in this follow -up to Super Fly. With the thugs and corrupt men tightening, his mother finds his separate father to help expel him from that life. He does not know a kilo, his father was the original fly.
1658 ::: A Very Perfect Crime (2013) ::: crime ::: In a broken timeline, two men (Chad Pakolt and Patrick Pinkstone) discuss the principles of "a very perfect crime", three men (Polkolt, Dick Indicat A well -planned bank robbery and two police investigators (Chad Morris, Hui Hresfield) achieved in the aftermath of "a very perfect crime."
1659 ::: The Iron Cage (2017) ::: crime ::: Huang Sheng falls unconscious to the iron cage. He asks Bandy Huang to explain the "missing Sarira case" to catch the whole country. A year ago, Huang was an unknown security captain. He is called "Detective" when he breaks down the "missing Sarira case". As Huang Sheng continues, more truths come: local property developers have been violently demolished, people do anything to get fame, and people hide the truth for their good. This image is a metaphor for the living conditions of the lower people. People are ignored and cramped to protect traditional culture. The "Sarira" in the film also refers to the lack of confidence. The truth is slowly being removed. The film receives an ancient Chinese Shadow Show and Aria-Lao Kiang. Humanity is imprisoned in a cage. People like controlled lifting puppets that do not go out of human plight, not even out of life iron cage.
1660 ::: Kommissar Dupin - Bretonische Brandung (2014) ::: crime ::: The Metropolitan Police Inspector Dupin had been previously relocated to the Rural British. His second case begins on a remote island where the bodies of three drugged sailors were washed on the shore. Dupin has to deal with the sullen islanders and at the same time wants to keep his ex -humorous girlfriend, since she has traveled to visit him from Paris. Transferred to Brittany from Paris for a vindictive superior, the inspector of the French National Police Commissioner, Georges Dupin, must examine the death of three drunk local men washed on the edge of his island after a storm that sank. The autopsy shows that they were seriously drugged, organizing an accident. The island is the battlefield among environmentalists who defend a maritime reserve plan and a real estate development project. However, Dupin also seems the medicinal origin of the poison and the cavas in more personal relationships, even a dark and old past. Follow a second murder.
1661 ::: Gardenia, il giustiziere della mala (1979) ::: crime ::: Guddin has a restaurant, having a woman, and follow the old rules of the underground rulers. It is until the selections arrive and claim to sell drugs at the Guardian restaurant. But Baghinia refuses to deny the drugs not a good thing and the battle begins between the two. Fighting the casualties in the beginning, but, the increasing blood bleeding and gardens will only escape them after the death of insurgents.
1662 ::: The Iron Cage (2017) ::: crime ::: Huang Sheng is passed out into an iron cage. The kidnapper asks Huang to explain the "missing Sarira case" that grabs the whole country. A year ago, Huang was an unknown security captain. His name is "detective" when he breaks the "missing Sarira case". While Huang Sheng continues, more and more truths come out: local real estate developers are destroying violently, people do everything to get fame, and people hide the truth for their own well -being. The film is a metaphor for the living conditions of the lower people. People are ignored and deaf to protect traditional culture. The "Sarira" in the film also implies a lack of faith. The truth is slowly exposed. The film includes an old Chinese shadow show and the Aria-Lao Qiang. Humanity is locked up in a cage. People like the controlled lifting dolls that cannot go out of the human situation are not even from the iron cage of life.
1663 ::: La banda Vallanzasca (1977) ::: crime ::: However, there is nothing to do with the real story of Renato Valanzassbsce on the site. In any case, the story was accused of renato, a wild criminal, to blame in a gang to blame and steal. After payment, Renato decides to mix and settle in a border.
1664 ::: DNA: Guilty or Innocent? (2003) ::: crime ::: Death prisoners, or those who serve life sentences, are some of those who have been given a second chance to change their verdicts. Documentary producers in these CBS specialties follow the DNA testing of an original crime scene in 4 different cases, which ultimately reveal the fault or innocence of a hospital.
1665 ::: Trash Detective (2015) ::: crime ::: In Matringen, a small Swavian village, everyone knows the infamous barfrefree among the outs and outsiders. No one seriously accepts him when UWE witnesses the murder of Susi Berger, a local beauty queen. UWe, who was left alone on his suspicion, begins to investigate himself. He gradually begins to clarify the dark truth under a small town.
1666 ::: Duplicity (2004) ::: crime ::: When Reggie Lucas's husband is killed, she finds that $ 18 million is missing. Then she was harassed by three gangsters who want the money. A beautiful stranger appears ... but he is a good person or a bad person. As the corpses are piling up, Reggie must decide to whom it can trust.
1667 ::: Sokolov (2014) ::: crime ::: This 48-led crime cinema picture recounts the bite story of unscrupulous bandit Nikolai Sokolov who knows how to get out of the Scots without being managed by the boys in blue. While planning the next coup is suddenly emptied by his former accomplice, he now works as a hidden agent. The conflict of the two enemies eventually results in unstoppable follow-up.
1668 ::: "Anna Holt - polis" (1996) ::: crime ::: Anna Holt, a young police inspector, works in downtown Stockholm and fights colleagues Carina Orson, drugs, prostitution, and other crimes.
1669 ::: Jack Taylor: Purgatory (2016) ::: crime ::: Jack and Darraw are hired from the company's valuable games received from the company. Jack likes the main suspect, but when he was killed, Jack sweared by the employer to suspect him and took him away.
1670 ::: Eu Matei Lúcio Flávio (1979) ::: crime ::: Brazilian Police of the Police, Marriyeskot, of the Brazilian Police Marriyeskot, until the allegations of corruption, and the leader of the police who killed the illegal people without proper judgment, are known as "Escvadro da Morte" (Death Squad). At the beginning of the seventies in Rio de Janeiro, Detective Morial Morial Morrisket de Mattos belonged to a special police force called "The Golden Men". This powerful group of the elite of the police has been created with the intention of removing crimes from Rio de Janeiro and they have more rights than the law to accelerate their action against the illegal. However, the perfect energy in the wrong hands is disrupted, and the group has set up a "Death Squad", hanging criminals without a traditional inquiry from justice. "Eu Matti Lasio Flevio" is a manipulative film about the life of Marial Morrisket, one of the "Golden Man".
1671 ::: Frustré (2013) ::: crime ::: Fabrice Lombard has neither the means nor the appearances that attract the species of women. Whether it's on the billboards on the road, on the TV advertisements or moving down at the Des Champs-Élysées Avenue, wherever he seems to see beautiful women who can never approach. Constant humiliation from society and a long drift in solitude are slowly turning his murder fantasies into an irrepressible impulse and Fabrice Lombard in a series killer ...
1672 ::: I/Nation (2013) ::: crime ::: Cia Analystryst Sidney Porter is a man who lives two. One as a powerful urgency of a broken specialized event of the Agency. The second is that the agency has million dollars in money to finance its own political agenda as a former patriot, which expands the gap between politics, politics, politics, policies and its political ideals. It starts to explore the lack of funds for it, which starts to study, it starts to close too far. He is now a political robot hood. He is his commander, and he depends on his influence. Sid should remain a step forward from his colleagues, and it should remain two steps from his demons, because it becomes one nation.
1673 ::: Ransum Games (2014) ::: crime ::: A distraught and loving woman wants to make a decision of life or death after discovering that the mogul husband of her real estate has been kidnapped by a group of ruthless road thugs. Instead of paying the redemption for his secure return ... she chooses to take them on the twisting, roller-coaster-ride of their lives!
1674 ::: Babes, Booze & Bullets (????) ::: crime ::: After his release from prison, Charlie, not deterred by his 9-year punishment for GBH and the intention of delivering class A drugs, quickly continued his business transactions in the underworld. He soon takes control of his old criminal empire from his father Barry who had previously built the foundations for him for his enchantment inside. Charlie soon set his team together and with their sights high, they fight their way back to be big players again. Charlie's rise is dramatic, no stranger to the violence and betrayal of the drug world, even Charlie is shocked about how much the drug game has changed, the amount of new competition, the corruption of rival companies and how many of his old contacts are not as loyal as he Originally thought. Charlie and his father Barry work just as close as always and are accompanied by their right handmen Bobby and Billie. The four form a hell of a team and are a power to take into account !!. Within a few weeks, this four-man team is at war with rival companies, detecting people, expanding murders and becoming entangled in gangland murders. Apart from his involvement in making desirable drugs with a high demand, terrorizing other villains, running a ring of prostitutes and spreading firearms, Charlie also does his best to lead a normal family life with his partner Mandy and their daughter Melody. The film is set in the present and is based on real events. There are humor and light mediated moments and some excellent plot twists in this realistic story of the modern gangland Groot -Britain.
1675 ::: Sleeping with Fishes (2006) ::: crime ::: In South London, Keeth is a gambler, 32hours to find ł20,000. His addiction begins to ruin life for those whom he cares, his girlfriend, Carla, a prostitute, his own addiction, heroin. Matt, their brother, need money for their music business. Henry, fresh out of jail, wishes to move away. Sean, passionate and wired want to organize a last job for him. In six debt figures, espionage Sergeant Mcquin gets involved in blackmailing Keith to save his own neck. Their personal needs bring them together to secure each of their dreams through a final work. As such day and addictions progress, the storm deteriorates and once silent waves are now crashing dangerously towards their eyes.
1676 ::: Twenty-Two (2004) ::: crime ::: A man is living as a writer and husband with his boring life lower than entertaining. He has been left to the death of a 22 -year -old female fan with a mental breakdown. He does not see that his illusion of total bliss is really a life -changing opportunity that can be to die. 22 He is not just his age, but a hold that enters him in his life bond. He is cursed anyway you see it, but his goal is not to be dead!
1677 ::: Noc klavíristy (1977) ::: crime ::: It is known that the senior engineer of Kratina projects is a very capable man. His colleagues have the feeling that their treatment may not always be legal, but since everyone benefits from bribes, they support Kratina. Kratin machinations with loft floors and small family houses provide a high standard of living for him and his young wife Ivanka. But Kratin frauds are discovered by a man who blackmails the engineer by phone and asks for money in exchange for keeping silent about what he knows. At night, Kratina deposits the money from the bribery after the blackmailer instructions, and then hides in her parked car not far from there, waiting with a rifle in her hand. Instead of the blackmailer, he shoots Jirka, the son -in -law of the woman of the Helena cover of the nearby wine bar. Her friend, an old Tuma pianist, cannot understand the murder and begin her own private investigation.
1678 ::: Noshtta sreshtu 13-i (1961) ::: crime ::: Tudor Bremov is an officer in the Royal Army who changes both sides and goes to the partisans. After the war, he graduated in engineering and appointed as director of many construction projects. His car is disrupted on the eve of March 13. After healing, Primov resumes his work. However, confidential information begins to leak from projects and some serious accidents. Andre, who became a friend of Todor Bramov again in partisan unit, goes to investigate the reasons. He knows that Todor was colored while this engineer distinguishes colors. André managed to get the truth: Parvan Primov, Todor's twin brother, disrupted the car. That night, his brother was killed and his place was taken ...
1679 ::: Youngstown: The True Story of Amil Dinsio (????) ::: crime ::: Millions of dollars were seated in a small non -descriptive bank perched on a hill in the quiet city of Laguna Niguel in the county of Orange. But deeply in its chests, millions of dollars have obtained illegally obtained funds from none other than President Richard Nixon. These stolen funds would not remain Nixon long. During the weekend of March 24, 1972, a team of banking burglars from Youngstown, Ohio, orchestrated a burglary of the safe, which would possibly cause a score of more than twelve million dollars-the largest burglary of the trunk -Banking in the history of the United States. This book tells the remarkable true story of this burglary, written by the real brain that planned it: Amil Dinsio, one of the most successful and prolific banks and burglars of the 1960s and 70s. Dinsio reveals not only The technical details on how the crime was committed, but also how the perfect burglary was defeated by the dirty FBI towers.
1680 ::: Red Army Hooligans (2018) ::: crime ::: Tony was a notorious London gangster's leader of the Pay Firm, but when he was fighting the Russian Ultra, he suffered a head injury and should have some fun. The Football World Cup 2018 in Russia is being loomed and wants to arrange a little return. Tony was a notorious London gangster's leader of the Pay Firm, but when he was fighting the Russian Ultra, he suffered a head injury and should have some fun. The Football World Cup 2018 in Russia is being loomed and wants to arrange a little return. But the officials are struggling on their organization and Tony will have to arrange some underground boxing, poker and fighting themselves.
1681 ::: "Podruga osobogo naznacheniya" (2005) ::: crime ::: Secretary Varvara Lapteva found a corpse of an unknown visitor in its boss's office. But Lapteva had no idea that from that day her life will never be the same. Now, she will conduct her investigation into the mysterious murder, saving friends from mortal danger - and will even meet a man whose love she did not dare to dream.
1682 ::: White Collar Blue (2002) ::: crime ::: A new detective is attached to a large crime squad in a difficult southern region of Sydney. This creates tension in the team, especially when the squad is called for murder and the main suspect seems to be the new appointment.
1683 ::: La banda del trucido (1977) ::: crime ::: A shooting after a flight ends with the death of the police chief. Police detective Ghini is looking for a suspect, Lanza, to avenge the death of his boss. Ghini's search led him to Belli, a Sicilian and "trash" gangster, the dirty chief of a killers' gang. The action is violent, because the police and the criminals find Belli who still finds time to try some flights ...
1684 ::: "Ella Meets Life" (2017) ::: crime ::: Former Centerfold Ella Arkins returns to Zejtun Detroit Michigan to go to teaching science forensics at Gross Point High School school. After a short came out of her dreams, she removes the brutal drug addiction on heroin. This will restore the dark redemption event encounters investigative lucidity. Ella fights to take her life back in the early 30's she wants to face a dark cloud of depression and an obsessive compulsive disorder, while putting the pieces of her life back together.
1685 ::: "Death in the Family" (2013) ::: crime ::: Wajid Ali is the father of three children. Her daughter, Amina, is having an affair with Shekhar. His son, Salim is in search of work. Salim loves Rukhsar and wants to get married, but their two fathers do not approve the proposal. Wajid finds out that Amina is having an affair with Shekhar and wants to get married quickly. Amina and Shekhar fled away from home. Wajid is shot. Police found that Salim had killed his father, as he was against his marriage to Rukhsar.
1686 ::: Alibi na vode (1966) ::: crime ::: Miss Nováková reports to Major Tuma ('Karel Höger' (QV)) of the police about the disappearance of her roommate, the Zuzana model. Shortly thereafter, a film director called Konrád ('Otomar Krejca' (QV)) asks Tuma to participate in a new Cinéma-Vérité film that describes the story of Zuzana's disappearance.
1687 ::: Playback (1994) ::: crime ::: Friday morning, the first of April. The sleepy jessica is Latem. Her husband's Michael call a friend on the phone and receives his response machine. While he leaves the message, he was killed and it seems to be like that of the increased. However, the assassination is recorded on their friend's machine on the phone. The killer is together. He should lose the risk of having his plans. Eddie Furnaces, a school teacher, the unfortunate recording of expensive records. Philanders are wasting it as a April Felt Volume. Shortly after passing a attempt to pass on his life, he wants answers from his dead friend's wife. Two selected to find the killer to find the killer with the help of the retirement of retirement. No one believes that they were referred to corruption, detention and killing web, all of the display of violence.
1688 ::: The Million Dollar Collar (1929) ::: crime ::: Bill Holmes (Marty Busp) is delivering Renty (Rin-tin) by the WRECK CLASS IN THIS CHALLENGE IS THE CORRECTIONS OF THE FIRST NAME CHALLENGE. He sees this truth when it is in the criminal. Mary French (Evelyn Pierce), who was member of his body, and a lion helps him escape, and the loving debt begins they start.
1689 ::: Rapacious (2015) ::: crime ::: After setting up, falling halfmagrel is sent to the prison for 12 years. In his release, he returned to hire the money to hand over to someone who has died. While following money, he makes sure that everyone's engaged with his set is getting them up with their setup. The film is set in 1958, this movie will voluntarily bear and as the same as the same.
1690 ::: Hooligan Legacy (2016) ::: crime ::: Four men, no unknown people for illegal violations, carry out a daring football stadium, but the volatile dynamics will soon become angry when the leader of the paranoid group becomes paranoid and begins to destroy themselves. Years later, after a prison, the malignant guide is relentless on his way to retaliation, he wants to go back his years and will take it from all men who know the real reasons for his extended captivity.
1691 ::: The Man (2014/II) ::: crime ::: Independent 90-minute feature in this lower budget (here two 45 minutes of segment in youtube) stunted in the YouTube) A drug seller, "man", bring them to local youth as a plant, including a young man, including a young man. This is the beginning point for comedy to comedy that rarely harassing this air is eating in their own psychological machines. No one gets something they want and no everyone is surviving to tell the story.
1692 ::: "Bum Rush" (2016) ::: crime ::: A story of friendship, love, money, betrayal and violence .... det. Jermaine Loson returned to his old neighborhood as an undercover cop, swearing to take down the local drug doctor! But he didn't know that his best friend J Rock was the next queue and now things are working .... he'll be distracted. Lawson honors his badge or family.
1693 ::: Raat Ki Baat (2000) ::: crime ::: As a child, the king is sold to the money -bond as a loan paid by his parents. This is the act of her stepmother, she develops hatred for the whole of femininity. The king grows up as a gangster- kidnapping girls and selling his business becomes his business. One day he kidnapped a sick widow and decides to sell it only when she is fully healthy. When she develops a soft angle to her, but before she can express her desire, the widow knows about her evil business. She mocks the king of her activities that makes sense to the king and decides that he will protect girls from bad characters from now on and become a widow -worthy Goodman. The king has murdered in the process of protecting an innocent girl, which ends in a courtroom play.
1694 ::: "SOKO Donau" (2005) ::: crime ::: Wine seminars and wine and snow -pp filled with wine and snow PPPs are awakened by the police in the center of the wineyard and the body of Bumgarter is near them. Owner of a real estate business. Navak and Rerberky are the main suspects of the murder, and their boss Dernaburger uses all its influence to release them. Local Simpleton local police officer Nestler, his son Daniel and his partner announced some dark facts about Jelineck.
1695 ::: Huit hommes dans un château (1942) ::: crime ::: Paladines write crime novels together. In a cinema, they appear to be a report of the consequences of a ship in which Lieutenant Dopois is about the death of an old man in the survivors' rescue boat. The couple agree that this can be the starting point of a new story and go to Dupuis to get more details about the drama. When they come to his hotel, Dupuis is dead with a bullet in his head. Police describe death as suicide, but Paladin has found the train ticket in the dead man's pocket. With his wife set the train to the specified destination, takes somewhere in the provinces ...
1696 ::: Channel 69 (1996) ::: crime ::: A producer who collects information for television news by the illegal use of hidden cameras ... An expert computer hacker, in the race to create the "messenger of darkness" virus, in search of a goal of his existence. . A model that wants to reveal it ... talents as an actress. Together, these three meet in a way and decide to create an illegal adult website.
1697 ::: The Girl, the Gun, & Everything (2013) ::: crime ::: A razor edge neo-noir in the rust belt. When Down and Out Grand Rapids, Mi Twentysomethings David C. (David Cobb) and Blake B. (Trenton Dirkse) answer an advertisement on Craig's list that wants to earn money quickly, they do not realize that it might be the read thing that they are ever are doing. Because when the "security job" turns out to be much more than they had negotiated, they have dragged themselves further and further into the shady lower abdomen of the city ... and to the wrong side of the law. Although not much says much in a city like Grand Rapids. Because if you have boys like Mickey Ferentillo (Dana Ferguson), an soon too much vice-agent with an ax to grind the streets, "protect and serve" a whole new meaning. Just ask Emelio Martinez (Bradley Michael), a two-bit street hustler who snites for everyone under the sun ... including John Fowler [TJ Martin]), an IAD researcher whose number one takes priority in the badge and retirement of Ferentillo. Or Sean (Patrick Nolan), Blake and David's cola-advanced roommate, who owes a lot of money to the wrong people, and is willing to do everything needed to make things right. And let's not forget the host of Femme Fatales of the city (Gabrielle Bechard, Arti Ishak), who can just as easily stop a smile with a smile with a loaded of thirty -eight special ...
1698 ::: American Fetish (2011) ::: crime ::: When the son of a suspected killer inherits a "blue film" that may be the key to resolving a 50 -year -old murder, he finds himself drawn to a forbidden world of sexual obsession. But the closer he approaches the heart of the mystery, the more the past threatens to reach the present and discover the terrible truths that lead him to the brink of madness.
1699 ::: Huit hommes dans un château (1942) ::: crime ::: Paladins write crime novels together. In the cinema, they happen to see a report on the consequences of a shipwreck in which the Lieutenant Dupuis tells about the death of an old man in the survivor's life-bearing boat. The husband and wife agree that this may be the starting point of a new story and go and see DuPuis to get more details about the drama. When they arrive at his hotel Dupuis is dead with the ball in his head. Police characterize death as a suicide but Paladine found a train ticket in the deceased's pocket. With his wife he takes the train to the specified destination, somewhere in the provinces ...
1700 ::: Gesucht wird Majora (1949) ::: crime ::: The discoverer and patent holder of a synthetic fiber called 'Majora' dies in captivity, but previously asked his comrades Blohm and Progck notified the warehouse of the Majora formula after the war to his wife. Subsequently, a criminal hatz develops after the beautiful formula.
1701 ::: Exclusive Rights (1926) ::: crime ::: Principal for Governor, Stany Warron is an enemy and politics and politics that contribute to a unbelieving political and political part of the death of the death. In harmony with Catherine, Morris wants to be a new debt to stop punishment, whirlst buds hook up. Torn among friends and services, governorate wharton refused to enter the debt even though Catherine destroys the link. Sadie, Mack's wife, receives a statement from lights, but was killed before he signed. Wharton tricks agreed to kill the mack kills, thus transmits the ring of damage and acquiring a statement from bickel.
1702 ::: "King Sun" (2015) ::: crime ::: The son of Cartel Drug Lord Francis late Sunday handled the family on Sunday after Yarmia "King Sun", 15 years ago, after the assassination of her father. Over the past 15 years, the "King Sun" has become a power force in the drug trade, and has carried out operations throughout the east coast that extends to South America. Untouchable by law enforcement, "King Sun" rules without fear and is always the most dangerous first lieutenant (San) next to it. Over the past two years, rivals have been widely blooded with the emergence of "Don El", "Mr Muscle", "Don Sal" and "CBK". "King Sun" has obtained the word from one of its field associates that his long -term friend's "CBK" has a disagreement. However, "CBK" refuses the help of "King Sun" when trying to control the East Coast drug trade.
1703 ::: Proloy (2013) ::: crime ::: The story rotates around Barun Biswas, depicting a lot of anti-rape rape in the village, called Dukhylk. Bandy rapper was a festival. They noted some political criminals. They are not even children and old women. Police also do not complain about these powerful criminals. Barun together with Biswas, the "Zhagaran Manca" forum will form and resist all difficulties and blame the law. Eventually, the accused will form Bisswas, the right to law rights, shock and pain. Later, we depicted by Binod Biharie Dutta, depicting a paran bonhopadh (school in a colucata school) and searched for the truth from the death of the baroon. Binod knows about gonons (people who are now guaranteed), and their way of rural. Binod tried to encourage villagers with a barn road, but they give up in fear of everyone. A new police officer was written to the village described as "Saswata Cherzhatery". The binod felt helpless and decided to take it in your own hands. Gradually, binod killed all criminals, and on the other hand, on the other hand, the Anasesh series continued to investigate the murder. By murder, Animet stretches all these kills and thus binod biquari dutta arrested. What happened next ....? Is it possible to run away from the binod or he was punished? This is for the audience.
1704 ::: Die Nylonschlinge (1963) ::: crime ::: Stockholders of a company held their meeting in a single mansion. An MAD doctor using in the mansion begins to strangle them at a time with a nylon nose. The remaining people should know a way to stop it.
1705 ::: Sanai meotgin ibyeol (1971) ::: crime ::: While he is heading for money to his murky uncle, Seong-min meets Han. They have come up with a plan in which they can kill the old for money, however, Seong-min knows they have already killed Uncle and is looking for someone to blame him.
1706 ::: Surveillance (2013) ::: crime ::: Hired by an observation company to monitor the security of a hypermarket, Pierre Soli soon discovers that he is expected to do other things besides the usual catch of suspects. The cameras at their disposal are not only used to watching customers, but also to spy on company employees, whatever they do - Pierre Soli begins to earn the trust of their superiors until he finds a traffic network and becomes a threat to the system that He helped to create. The trap closes around it.
1707 ::: Charlie Lucky Luciano (????) ::: crime ::: The story follows the history of Charles Luciano, who ascended to power in the mafia in the United States during the twenties of the twentieth century and made it a successful project based on the company model. The founder of the "Committee", the delivery of Nazi boats from the New York Port for US Naval Intelligence, its imprisonment, and the final deal that liberated it as it was using the impact of the mafia in Italy against the axis forces (Museini), is informed through the eyes of his friend and his bodyguard, a boxer who holds The gold medal once from the city of Luciano in Italy.
1708 ::: "Faultline" (2017) ::: crime ::: When the current situation depends on the murder of the murder, the cotal lawyer will be re-reinforced by their sisters, to seek professional success thanks to their sisters, greed, greed and deceptions.
1709 ::: The Third Clue (1934) ::: crime ::: Set in an old dark house, a person is killed in his study. With the dying breath, he tells two links to find his brother's hidden Eastern Indian jewelry which is part of a precious idol. He wants his brother to find a treasure, so that he could be given to his son. But before the treasure can be found, the third key must be found.
1710 ::: "Dial 999" (1958) ::: crime ::: This episode tells the story of a case in London in 1950, which police have the name "Spaceman". This starts with a robbery through a gun, where the thief escapes by hanging behind a truck after standing up to steal the salary of an office through the first floor window. After escaping, the van's thieves change their motorcycles. Maguire is then called for research, he finds the truck and continues his search for the band. One of the trilogies is Susse a woman (played by Joe Owen), while the two men are in the camp (played by Neil McCarthy) and Gross (Michael Eli). While examining the evidence of the stolen truck Maguire, the holes in the ground made by a woman's high heel.
1711 ::: Bao zou shen tan (2015) ::: crime ::: The film Shanghai is located in 1920. Anywhere it is still partially controlled by Western powers. A young detective who works for comments takes him to a case issued by one of his boss. This case will proceed to influence the life of the detective. Danger and unexpected betrayal, he will move forward to change the lives of people around him.
1712 ::: Murder at the Presidio (2005) ::: crime ::: Based on the true story of the single murder committed at the famous military base of San Francisco. A military criminal investigation officer goes beyond his orders to achieve facts after what seems to be a murder motivated by robberies. What he finds can detect his damaged mental health.
1713 ::: Gesucht wird Majora (1949) ::: crime ::: Increased fiber of the fiber of the excess of the "Majeh", the number of fiber of the mahora 'for the attack. This followed by a criminal egg develops after the precious formula.
1714 ::: Alphamann: Die Selbstmörderin (1999) ::: crime ::: Arms Trader Close Hebner is respected by staff and bosses. No one suspects he is escaping the teenager in his home cellar. He escapes, but hebner chasing it is in the building where he threatens to jump. Warning by a passing, Swat Captain Roszweg Tom Lashk and Jessica Van appeal to Dur Lan. Hidden, Tom prevents his jumping, but soon he becomes locked again, just to find his body immediately. He is on the run, and later takes it to the psyche .Noiko, both hostage. When his traumatic past is linked to his dangerous mad, he pushes Tom to the gunpoint, without a mid-term plan, to drive a police car stolen to Poland.
1715 ::: The Skyjacker (2008) ::: crime ::: A true story. Northwest, 1970. A lonely plans to change his life. He needs money, so he boards on a plane with a suitcase. He claims to have a bomb inside and requires a reward. Cigarettes and Bourbon help him keep nerves under control. Unfortunately he meets a new stewardess and loses control over the situation.
1716 ::: White Collar Blue (2002) ::: crime ::: A new detective has been added to a major crime squad in the tough southern district of Sydney. This creates tensions in the team, especially when the team calls for homicide and the main accused appears to be a new recruitment.
1717 ::: La nature morte d'un flic (2005) ::: crime ::: Prostitution, drug practice and murder are always a parade, world-class, middle Paris cop (Le Flick), who has seen a lot of life, who has seen a lot to clear his culprit's pre-turn and torture it now. After 25 years as a plain-cloth vice-detective, his own life begins to welcome it. Its main informant (Remy Le Mice) works for local drug-laord (LE Turk) that provides drugs to neighboring prostitutes, all known as a mysterious Madame and La Contace for the nightclub owner. Le Flick is trying hard to arrest Le Turk's arrest, guilty and lock-up, if only to separate its own vain, imperfect life. Between Le Turk's lifestyle Remi's web and Le Flick's jealousy, we can peer from the cracks of this tortured cop and get a glimpse of the personal vision of its fracture fatalities.
1718 ::: La ferme aux loups (1943) ::: crime ::: Bastin and Faroover is a journalist and a photography with newspaper's new 'l'echot 2 a trip of the day As they are on vacation with the mail, their owner secretary, they have been sent to the location of the Sure Name Day.
1719 ::: The Final Curtain (2014) ::: crime ::: The last curtain mythology tells the story of the tragic and untimely death of Talip Peterson's tragic and untimely death, he was murdered in Cold Blood in his home, a night late on 16 December 2006 in his house. Armed robbery went wrong. But it was later revealed that Talip's own wife Najwa Peterson was hired by men to kill him.
1720 ::: Neighbourhood (????) ::: crime ::: London 1985 and the local boy Cypriot Tailor and the reckless gang of Wannabe gangs occurs in theft of a truck that shows a gun in the glove box and the big box behind it, these weird contents that are more valuable than anything That boys can always make the street.
1721 ::: 75A4053: The Ronald DeFeo Interview (2014) ::: crime ::: Behind the walls of the Max-Security Green Haven Correctional Facility interviews documentary maker Ryan Katzenbach Ronald J. "Butch" Defeo, Jr. Defeo was convicted in 1975 about the killing of his entire family who breaks down the "Amityville horror". The story was the subject of Katzenbach's trilogy series 2011-2014 about the business, "Shattered Hopes: The True Story of the Amityville Murders." In June 2014, Katzenbach interviewed Defeo Firstand to ask questions about 'The Amityville Horror', his family and the murders that took place four decades ago. This is the first time that an interview has been presented to the public that is uncut and uncensored.
1722 ::: The Black Roses Project (2015) ::: crime ::: Three women are gathered to resolve cases of missing person who have been linked to the trafficking of human beings and a deadly serial killer. The ladies are shot through the wheel of misfortune when they are themselves beaten and tortured until they can find far to escape and correct the wrongs of these notorious criminals.
1723 ::: Rest in Peace, Cuervo Jones (2002) ::: crime ::: Curvo Jones is a low-level gangster who dreams of becoming a rap star. But when a drug Lord's cocaine is stolen, all the signs point to the Kuvero and a reward is placed on his head. Now, he is dodging both sides of the law because he looks for a crew of friends to help him survive. When his best friend is hit with a bullet for him, Kuvero Jones decides to fight back. He and his homes should know who implicated him, and fasted.
1724 ::: Blood Line (2009) ::: crime ::: Two of the most powerful families in New York will encounter this urban drama. When the Don Vito Mafia family is threatened by the most powerful street king of Brooklyn, Caesar "Smash" Benton, a war of grass will decide the fate of the empire. Vito begins to recruit new members by taking Richie, the son of his ex -right hand. As it falls deep into the Mafia net, Richie begins to reassess his goal of killing Vito; The man who killed his father over the love of the respect he earns from the "family". Prepare for an intense story about drama, romance and war.
1725 ::: Lady Law (1999) ::: crime ::: Its client is innocent. Washington, DC, Lori Booker's criminal lawyer, is convinced that former police investigator Tony Sallanda was not a public inconvenience and did not resist the arrest of police officers and assault as he was currently accused. Moreover, Booker plans to prove that Saldana was framing for his previous conviction and imprisoned for accepting bribes. To demonstrate the innocence of Saldana, Booker must first gain his confidence. What demons suffer from this expert who had been respected in the arts of self -defense in the past and who refused to carry a weapon in fifteen years of police force? What are the circumstances that led to the killing of his brutal partner, which some suspect is responsible? In order to defend Saldana, Booker must persuade him not to abandon himself as well as the legal system that he has defended for many years. With the help of her gay assistant, Dennis Weston, and her retired father, Judge Frank Booker, who can never resist an interesting case, Booker began to demonstrate that the Prosecutor's Office had hidden motives for the desire of Tony Saldana behind bars. Saldana returns to the painful past of his childhood to reveal the reasons for his unlawful condemnation, and he must face the ghost of his partner to prove his innocence and restore respect for his colleagues from the police officers. For Booker, the Battle of Saldana for justice becomes its endeavor to reveal the corrupt city officials.
1726 ::: Red Army Hooligans (2018) ::: crime ::: Tony is a leader of a unpopular London Holigan company, but he is wounded to the head while fighting the Russian ultra and sit for some fun. The Football World Cup 2018 is raging in Russia and he wants to repay some. Tony is a leader of a unpopular London Holigan company, but he is wounded to the head while fighting the Russian ultra and sit for some fun. The Football World Cup 2018 is raging in Russia and he wants to repay some. But the authorities tighten his company and fight for some underground boxing, poker and itself.
1727 ::: Debts (2016) ::: crime ::: After a series of terrible gambling, Walter Rhodes finds himself for more money than it is worth it. With very few friends and almost no property, he fights for survival while still trying to pay his huge gambling debt. When Hugh Donovan and his crew tries to track Walter on the streets of LA, a game of cat and mouse appears. A mannon all starts.
1728 ::: Past na kachnu (1978) ::: crime ::: The Koukal taxi driver ('Miroslav Machácek' (QV)) is stopped by police for routine traffic control. In the pocket of his car the police find the corpse of a man. Koukal is arrested despite stating that he knows nothing about him. The case is assigned to Major Mlynár ('Milan Sandhaus' (QV)). Police identify the corpse as that of an Austrian citizen called Mitrik. Koukal was regularly driving people interested in gambling for secret games. Police are being placed on the play of the game by another taxi driver, admitting that he drove Mitrik there. Mlynár and officer Cadet Pecka ("Ivan Vyskocil (II)" (QV)) draw interest in gambling and visit games.
1729 ::: American Fetish (2011) ::: crime ::: When a killer's son inherits the "Blue Movie", it may be the key to solving the 50 -year murder, he takes himself into a banned sexual siege. But how close he is to the heart of the secret, reveals the terrible truths that have entered the present, to reach the present, and lead to the madness of the madness.
1730 ::: Essex Boys Retribution (2013) ::: crime ::: When three of the most notorious murderers in the country were shot in an abandoned field, one night a criminal empire was overthrown and the legend of the notorious Range Rover Murders was born. Twenty years later, new faces are at the forefront of Gangland Groot -Britain, but with the notorious murderer are never caught, there are people who have not forgotten and do not rest until justice is served. The epic revenge that the local crime families and the police would shake in the core. Their names will never be known, but their actions shocked a nation.
1731 ::: Babes, Booze & Bullets (????) ::: crime ::: After his release from prison, Charlie, not discouraged by his 9 -year sentence for GBH and his intention to provide class A drugs does not go quickly to continue his commercial transactions in the underground world. He soon regained control of his former criminal empire of his father Barry who had previously built the foundations for him before his fate inside. Charlie soon has his team together and, with their high views, they are once again fighting to major players. Charlie's climb is dramatic, not unrelated to the violence and betrayal of the drug world, even Charlie is shocked by the way the drug game has changed, the quantity of new competition, the depravity of rival companies and how much From his former contacts are not as faithful as he thought it was originally. Charlie and his father Barry work as closely as ever and are joined by their straight men Bobby and Billie. The four of them form a team of a team and are a force with which it is necessary to count !!. In a few weeks, this team of four men found himself at war with rival societies, tracking people, plotting murders and being caught by gangland. In addition to his involvement in the supply of desirable drugs to high demand, the terrorization of other bad guys, the management of a prostitutes ring and the distribution of firearms, Charlie is also best to lead a family life normal with her partner Mandy and their daughter Melody. The film takes place in the present and is based on real events. There is humor and light and encouraged moments as well as superb twists and turns in this realistic story of Great Britain of modern gangland.
1732 ::: Vares - Sheriffi (2015) ::: crime ::: Jussi Vares's private eye finds two dead bodies in a remote home. A year later, Vares is hired to investigate the case. Varsi approaches a dangerously close close to the "Council" - a secret gentlemen club, whose chairman is "Sheriff". For council members, human life is cheap. The sheriff's identity becomes apparent - but will he face justice because of his crimes in court? Will these evil acts go without punishment.
1733 ::: O Seqüestro (1981) ::: crime ::: Robber enters a house in the district of Santa Teresa, Rio de Janeiro, and seized the youngest child. Based on true kidnapping happened in Rio, whose victim, the kid Carlinhos, has never been found until now.
1734 ::: Y-Mor (2015) ::: crime ::: When the body of a young woman in North Africa washed on the Beach Beebrokeshire from a distance, a group of locals who have a deception of deception by their leader is encouraged to take the body away and buried it properly. This step revolves around the group with the crime ring that dates back to decades but directly woven into the current life of Olivia, the latest member of the circle.
1735 ::: Untitled Brooklier Project (????) ::: crime ::: The true life story of Antony Brooklyes, who worked at a US lawyer office for the Los Angeles district, was tough as a nail prosecutor, the first client, a criminal lawyer overnight. Until it was, he was not his father. My son was the head of La Mob. The story of a family, loyalty, crime, and the father and son of the law set for Los Angeles in the 1970s.
1736 ::: Cinq tulipes rouges (1949) ::: crime ::: During the Tour de France, five champions, all wearing the yellow sweater, are killed. Every time the murderer leaves a red tulips close to the victim as a signature. Police inspector Ricoul and that hard female sportswriter Colonelle will participate in efforts to expose the perpetrator.
1737 ::: Cause and Effect (????) ::: crime ::: An average child named Street (Cesar Cipher Gabriel) gets the chance of a life when Khalil (Ricardo Pro Rodriguez), a notorious business owner who offers him a job that would change his life. The task of the first male assassin in a female agency. Since it becomes the best, he makes enemies within the agency, his first female goal is given special instructions. When he meets Deja (Amarie Lee) ... he discovers that nothing is as it seems.
1738 ::: Ultus and the Three-Button Mystery (1917) ::: crime ::: After she escaped boldly from Old Billy, Oltos participated in the event of the kidnapping of the Minister of Ministers by foreign authority agents, with the help of believing assistant Dick and another Esi Merridith. But Elsie's role is not what you expect completely ...
1739 ::: Lady Law (1999) ::: crime ::: Your client is innocent. The defense lawyer Lori Booker in Washington, D.C. In addition, Booker plans to prove that Saldana was framed for his previous conviction and prison sentence for accepting bribes. In order to prove Saldana's innocence, Booker must first gain his trust. Which demons are plagued by these previously respected martial arts experts, who refused to wear a weapon on the police in his fifteen years? What circumstances led to the brutal murder of his partner, for whom some suspect that he is responsible? In order to defend Saldana, Booker has to convince him not to give up himself and the legal system that he defended for so many years. With the help of her wise assistant Dennis Weston and her retired father, judge Frank Booker, who can never resist a fascinating case, Booker proves that the public prosecutor's office had the motives for the search for Tony Saldana behind bars. Saldana returns to the painful past of his childhood to uncover the reasons for his illegal conviction, and must confront the spirit of his partner in order to prove his innocence and to regain the respect of his co -officers. For Booker, Saldana's struggle for justice becomes your search for corrupt city officials.
1740 ::: Supravietuitorul (2008) ::: crime ::: After the WWII, "Komsarul Moldova" (Sergiu Nicolesku / Patr Falc) spent years as a political prisoner of communist regime. The favorite entertainment of the Russian Colonel in charge of the prison was to play a gambling table on the Russian nail. Only his incredible luck and the survivor soul helped Moldovan to live by his detention. Former policemen outside the jail joined the International Russian Roulette illegal gaming circuit. At the end of the 70's, the trust brings it to the Central European city where Goldberg (Vladimir Gatan / Christian Motiyu), an old introduction to its "improved" version of the game where two opponents are shooting each other. Step -by -step Moldovan meets many familiar faces, both friends and enemies. It seems that the entire Bucharest underworld of the 40's has chosen to meet here.
1741 ::: Le démoniaque (1968) ::: crime ::: The wealthy American filmmaker's son Jay Delanay, who shows a film at The Cannes Film Festival, suffers from mental disturbance. From his hotel room he performs a beautiful young starlet spots in a blue bikini through his binoculars. On the pretext of introducing her with her father, she will seduce her into her room and throat. When his stepmother searches for a crime to Sophie, Jay forces him to have a mother. Other victims will follow ...
1742 ::: "Crimestrike" (2012) ::: crime ::: CrimeStrike is a bold television series, and everyday citizens give a true direct explanation that a major threat has to protect himself when they suddenly come to their lives. These are the people who have a sudden danger and stand up to protect themselves, their families, their homes, and business places. These are the stories of those who refused to be victims.
1743 ::: A Fine Line (2011/I) ::: crime ::: New Jersey, 2006. Chance (David Arkima) is a driver for his uncle Marti (Neil Levin). The old friend of Marti, Stephen Salang (Nick Mirfoush) comes from the West planning to sell new goods on the eastern coast. Chinese son -in -law, George (Ryan Castro), gets out of prison and stays with him and his wife until he gets a job. Soon these two events, which seem to be relevant, cause a problem of chance and his uncle, which then leads to the issue of who can be trusted.
1744 ::: Io ti assolvo (2008) ::: crime ::: Francesco (Gabriel Garko), after ten years, returns to the city that has seen her grow and everything is like then, only he has really changed. It became Father Francesco. When taking the votes, he has tried to erase the minors burned in wrong choices, bald attitudes, dangerous friendships, but life sometimes closes the accounts that leave open. A terrible fact leads the young priest to the places of his hard youth. Frustrated with pain, p. Francis agrees to replace Pastor Father Raúl (Gerardo Amato), his spiritual father, barbarously murdered in the Church. A few days before being killed, Father Raúl had sent a letter to the bishop asking to dissolve the urgency of the votes. A sudden and completely abnormal decision, for this reason, Francesco is involved in the investigation that will be followed by the murder.
1745 ::: Khuli Khidki (1989) ::: crime ::: Trader S.K. Dharampal lives a lifestyle in India along with his wife of socialitis, Shobha, a college boy, Vijay, and a well-ended home with the name of Chhamiya. He does not approve that his wife spends too much time away from home, usually at gym meetings and Mahila Mandal. To make matters worse, he is required to meet Dr. A.K. Jayant, a psychiatrist, who had been caught Vijay peeping on women who were being intimate with their spouse. The doctor asks Mr. Dharampal and Shobha to keep their eyes closely on the sexually raised vijay and make sure he does not do it again. Dr. Jayant is also concerned about Vijay as he finds his beautiful daughter, Neotu, I don't like him. Then Mr. Dharampal receives a visit from the police-who states that Vijay is on the run after killing a woman named Nisha Sahay, who is the wife of Avinash, and a friend of Shobha's heart. The question remains Vijay really kills Nisha, and if so, what was his motive?
1746 ::: Clockin' Green (2000) ::: crime ::: Two friends, Sonya and Mickey who grew up in NYC, become mortal enemies when they cross to the wrong side of the law in this crime drama. Although they look bright and handsome, fate has not given them surplus opportunities and so Mickey comes with an unusually tailored schedule.
1747 ::: "Duel au soleil" (2014) ::: crime ::: Corsica provides an idyllic background to rare duo police surveys in a very different way. A strange crime drama in which a respected veteran officer always cooperates with a police officer who always questions his method.
1748 ::: Heaven (????) ::: crime ::: Then is a police officer who works in the streets of Glasgow. Life does not go anywhere until he is sent to work undercover in an exotic cloth dance club to expose a huge drug deal that is set up by the owner. His secret mission goes well until he falls for the owner's daughter and a series of murders back to the club.
1749 ::: Red Army Hooligans (2018) ::: crime ::: Tony was the leader of a notorious Huligan firm in London, but while fighting an ultra Russian he holds a head injury and has to lower some of the entertainment. Russia World Football Cup is approaching and it wants to organize some return. Tony was the leader of a notorious Huligan firm in London, but while fighting an ultra Russian he holds a head injury and has to lower some of the entertainment. Russia World Football Cup is approaching and it wants to organize some return. But authorities are caught in his organization and Tony has to organize some underground boxing, poker and fights himself.
1750 ::: Alibi (1929) ::: crime ::: Chick Williams, a ban on the ban, soon joined his mob after his release. When a police officer is killed during a robbery, he is under suspicion. The gangster took the police daughter to the theater, with the intervention to commit the crime, and then used her to support her Alibi. The detective team uses its most advanced and brutal techniques, including planting a secret gang factor to bring him justice.
1751 ::: Erie, the Collar Bomb Story (????) ::: crime ::: On August 28, 2003, on the outskirts of ERIE, Pennsylvania, a pizza distribution man named Brian Wells was awarded by several men who closed an explosive device around his neck. They then ordered him to steal a bank. After submitting the money, he would get data to help him disarm the bomb. It was one of the smartest schemes of bank robbery in history, known as the FBI collarbomb. Did not go according to the plan. Wells, captured by police shortly after the robbery, never found data they needed to disarm the bomb around his neck. He died before the bomb team arrived, but after the national news was on stage. Sadly, his death was on live TV. In investigating the crime after his fierce death, the FBI quickly discovered that Wells was not, in fact, an innocent victim. He was simply the first co-conspirator to fall on a strange path of death after crime.
1752 ::: Zeki, Florian, and Kelly! (1996) ::: crime ::: The suicide-engaging young woman meets Rico and angry young man, who wants to remove all his presence. Together, they join three other terrorists on one task to provide a "cake" to a specified location somewhere in Tokyo.
1753 ::: "The D.A.'s Man" (1959) ::: crime ::: An earlier heal heal is working to New York's civilians operations, reporting his findings office. D.A. .
1754 ::: Karaoke with Frank S. (2013) ::: crime ::: A couple goes on romantic vacation. On their way, they pick up an old friend of the woman. The husband does not know the story between the two but begins to be wary. Slowly, he drowns towards a dark side inside him and the demons of his past appear. Back home, while the woman goes abroad for business, the husband meets Frank The New Year's Day. Frank, an old charismatic friend, the fact to violent acts that he has long abandoned. During the same party, he also meets a girl who suddenly lit his darkness and offers her new love. The husband, failed to realize between reality and imagination, is locked in the torment of his soul and confronts the horrible betrayal again.
1755 ::: Ransum Games (2014) ::: crime ::: A desperate and loving woman must make a decision of life or death after he has discovered that her husband Mogul -Man was abducted by a group of ruthless street villains. Instead of paying the ransom for his safe return ... She chooses to take them on the winding, roller coaster of their lives!
1756 ::: Sparrowhawk (????) ::: crime ::: A homeless man, Carl, is ready to take any steps to find their hostility in an abandoned warehouse in an abandoned warehouse with a group of corrupt police, a man called Hashim, who knows that the odds to Carl are stacked on him. However, when things become worse and identities are distorted, the truth has finally been revealed. Carl, innocent homeless man, officers from a secret police team have been disassembled and pulled into the warehouse in advance, beginning to question him about the shoot -out in the local casino, which four people have died. However, when questioning and subsequent methods become more intense, it is clear that the team is looking for a mysterious man than to know who killed people in the casino. Carl and Hashim worked in the army in Helmand together and Karl was exhausted and his former colleague created his own powerful crime network and now wants to enter the local underworld. The police team is known as the corruption and volatile detective, known as Mallori, and will soon become vicious when he started the interview. Mallori wants to find and kill Hashim, who looks at the empire he built, and stops doing nothing to find him, including doing anything for Carl. However, when the trial is intensifying and the authorities are beginning to lose control, it is evident that Carl or some police officers are not telling the whole truth and that the truth will eventually destroy one or everyone.
1757 ::: "Blue Steele" (2017) ::: crime ::: Blue Steele investigates Vancouver's criminal wave just to find that her friends are really her enemies. In this 6-hour websites, written and directed by Velazquez, we reflect crime and killings, lies and corruption from the people who serve to protect it.
1758 ::: Tears for My City (????) ::: crime ::: Based on true history and award-winning autobiography by Dean Dimitrieski, Tears for My City tells the story of a white immigrant boy from Macedonia who goes to the most dangerous neighborhood in Detroit in the height of the gang violence in the 1970s. With the crack house near us, and gangs like young embedded boys fight for neighborhood control, Dean Dimitrieski struggles to keep himself and his family safe while refusing to join a gang-even when most of his friends are already on the inside. He later takes friends of two of Detroit's most drug signs, and just when he feels he is starting to enter, he becomes a witness to a horrific crime crushing his American dream and the life he loved in 'Detroit.
1759 ::: Amheukgaui 25shi (1970) ::: crime ::: Unknown to the true identity of five people, EAC others, tie a villa on Mount Fuji of diamonds worth thousands of dollars value. However, they are cheated by one of their members and learns that the goals were never diamonds, but a North Korean Microfilm.
1760 ::: Mr. Lockjaw (2015) ::: crime ::: Mr Lockja is a series of American drama created by Justin Craig and Byron Conrad Erwin. Founded and produced in Atlanta, Georgia, Mr Lockja is the story of Miles Brimley (Troy Halverson), a struggling children's show that is dragged into the world of criminal interrogation and Torture from his dummy, Mr. Lockja. When you find his hole dug deeper and deeper, Miles has no choice but to give up Mr. Lockjia's increasingly dangerous desires. A glimmer of hope appears for him in Gwyneth, recovering the drug that hopes that her childhood link with Miles can help her escape from memories of pain. The situation of Miles and Lockjja is more complicated than the falling empire of once strong employers, Hubaldus Hercolani; His number one in command, Leonard Stanley; and a reliable police officer, Bill Preslin. If this wasn't enough to fight, detective Schafley, a gumshoe book, pulled in case of murder with Miles as the main suspect ... or should it be that Mr. Lockja? There are two sides for each story, and Mr Lockja takes it literally. Daily Children's Animator, Ventrilocist Miles Brimley Moonlights as an information extractor for the criminal world led by Hercolani infamous Hercolani. With a lead character reminding Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, the series takes viewers in a splintered world of duplicate characters struggling between light and dark. More than just a crime drama, raise the ultimate human question: which side are you? It is the story of a man surrounded by, and involved in, killing, criminal activity and corruption, but at the heart of all this is looking for the simple pleasures of life they mostly take. His struggle is to live his environment, his enemies, and above all, the demands of his Alter-ego, the bigger puppet than life named Mr Lockja. Filled with dry satire and glitter, the show is not a comedy in itself, but rather a dark spotlight that illuminates the largest side of our existence, while still recognizing the innate humor of the concept. Mr Lockja uses his premise in the south of realism to open twisted possibilities that could not be made on a more ground show. The most ordinary characters stand for the audience as observers of Mr. Lockjja's increasingly questioning methods. Each episode gives another water cooling moment of strange deaths, unforeseen twists, and memorable quips that can only emerge from a dummy mouth. In a world of Duality, Mr. Lockja sweetly licks the two sides of the sword with two edged.
1761 ::: Rouges étaient les lilas (2016) ::: crime ::: The boyfriend of a young woman has just died of a heart attack. Her neighbor upstairs, another woman, persists in making disturbing and noisy noises every night, making her life a nightmare. This condominium begins a series of strange events that will attract the attention of an interpol retirement agent. The three women are barely starting to enter a part of death.
1762 ::: Just Hustle (2004) ::: crime ::: A detective film made with the spirit of French New Wave. Johnny Mac is against his tendency to accept a stalker case from the waitress in a desperate situation. Johnny Mac follows a suspected stalker, a skateboarding punk, which leads it to the path of fraud on the college Lage campus. The tables are slowly rotated when the Stocker seems to be a Point Men for a college Lage gambling ring when a football player pays for throwing a national championship. Nearby officials have held the bag in Johnny Make.
1763 ::: Iris 2: The Movie (2013) ::: crime ::: Three years after the tragic death of a secret agent at the hands of the terrorist group Iris, the team leader recruits June-Hen to help bring down a detective, U-gun, illegal weapon unit. Soon, a U-gun agent works with Su-Yeon, a man who has loved him from his youth. Together, they put their lives on the line to prevent the rainbow once and for all.
1764 ::: Lakeer Ka Fakeer (2013) ::: crime ::: Ajaz Khan dreams of becoming a taxi driver in Dubai. Chotu Mobile (JAVED HYDER) wants to establish his own mobile shop, and Sulaiman (Vicky Ahuja) aims to become a politician. However, their fate is determined by the address of the controversial housing instead of their desires. It is said that sometimes your "address" speaks greater than you.
1765 ::: Os Amores da Pantera (1977) ::: crime ::: During the orgy of millionaires, women are kidnapped in mysterious circumstances. The crime causes a sensation in the local community, where investigations indicate a very addicted Playboy. Although it was never said, the film is mysteriously dependent on a real case in 1975, when Social ângela Diniz was killed by her lover, Doca Street, in Búzios, Brazil.
1766 ::: Cidade Ameaçada (1960) ::: crime ::: The story of the Passerno story, one of the old fear and dangerous Brazil criminals. He and his group reviews the troubleshoot of the sino pios with their slopes for several years. Brotherhood for defense activities against the authorities was the most hot news in the city by a fedhrast median, and found love in the hard work woman.
1767 ::: Anti-Social (2015) ::: crime ::: Write is a painter of the artist facing the system, Marcus is a candle of people in the game. For the two brothers, being a society is a way of life! Loyal loyal ones make them accept the way they can receive their way - finding an accounting and art of London, where Marcus was trembling in small banks. But after the war gantry - also harmful harms they are - as the police and the criminals represent the people to capture their workers very much. The two brothers, the city of London; Write is the artist is scientific, including the most accurate campaigns, having a broadcast time checking the country - You have a time to apply two fingers on settings. Marcus is a thief in grab of, and his team, resulting in his crime at sunrise - won the motorcycle stores to store a motorcycle. For and write husband in Marcus, the anti-communicity is life's way! London creates a highly faithful brothers, seeing the pictures of London finds it in small amounts of money or becomes different figures. But when the war gangland will force him - like police and the criminals closely support their work!
1768 ::: Busted! Animal Smugglers (2014) ::: crime ::: Nat Geo Wild goes inside the shocking and real animal smuggling stories. Every year millions of animals are smuggled across international borders. With an estimated value of dollars a year, smuggling of wildlife is one of the nation's largest black markets. See the strange ways of smugglers removing their illegal schemes.
1769 ::: "Thieves Row" (2016) ::: crime ::: Shark, Cobbra, Tiger, and Lewis have become experts as they are doing. Each of them brings expertise, and as a team, they lower their robbery into science. Sharks and Cobra are negotiators holding banks. Tiger is a muscle, a supportman when the shit hits a fan, and Lewis is a driver.
1770 ::: Penicka a Paraplícko (1971) ::: crime ::: In the morning of Prague, the body of the Safe Breaker Tooufar on the Vltava river will swim with a knife in the back. Police inspectors visit Tooufar's lovers, the prostitute Anna Kulatá ('Jirina Bohdalová' (QV), the nickname, and it is obvious that the moment before she opened the door of her apartment, someone fled through the window. The head of the criminal police - Police Councilor Vacátko 'Jaroslav Marvan' (QV), but although she is shocked by the photo of the dead, she doesn't confess. ), who loved her very much and made her leave her street trade. But when he was sentenced to three years in prison, the umbrella began to live with the Brute Tooufar, who was back on the street. In the case of murder, Penicka is Penicka Hence the main suspect.
1771 ::: Murdered (2008) ::: crime ::: The private detective rice is hired to protect the beautiful young client Michelle from an unknown danger. When she is brutally killed on her watch, Rice quickly became the first suspect in a murder case. Trapped between the police officers who suspect him of the murder and a mysterious killer, Rice must use all his cunning to discover the real murderer and erase his own name.
1772 ::: La ferme aux loups (1943) ::: crime ::: Bastin and Faroover is a journalist and a photography with newspaper's new 'l'echot 2 a trip of the day As they are on vacation with the mail, their owner secretary, they have been sent to the location of the Sure Name Day.
1773 ::: "Ultraviolet" (2017) ::: crime ::: Inspired by the book "The Skeleton crew" by Deborah Halber and influenced by the personal story of the producer 'Wendy West (I)' (QV). The series follows the life of a thirty -year -old woman (Ola Serafin), who is forced to leave her husband and London by circumstances, and returns to her hometown of L -Dz. One night while driving her car, she witnesses a dramatic situation that looks like a suicide, but which she finds very suspicious. Police look indifferent to this case. Stunned, Ola searches for help on the Internet, where she finds a group of amateur detectives that solve the criminal cases that the police are unable.
1774 ::: Police judiciaire (1958) ::: crime ::: Various investigations take place in the field of the French criminal police: a young legislator is accused of killing his accomplice; A false witness who works for a dangerous murderer is questioned; A double crime has been committed in a hotel without a sign of a burglary ...
1775 ::: Brother's Keeper (2018/II) ::: crime ::: Two adopted brother fighting against various mental disorders, accidentally killing and in the process of hiding their crimes, they find their true identity. A story of power and control; Love and hate- Sometimes the only options become deadly.
1776 ::: Fabian of the Yard (1954) ::: crime ::: The feature length is compiled from the episodes of the TV series with the same name. Superintendent Fabian, based on the real Scotland yard detective, is the first of the new species of intellectual detectives who prefer to solve the crime using his brain rather than pure muscle.
1777 ::: Penicka a Paraplícko (1971) ::: crime ::: In the morning dusk on the threshold, the dead body of the safe tuft of the tufar was found to sail along the river Cltava with a knife in the back. Police inspectors visit the tufar lover, prostitute Anna Kulata (Jirina Bohdalova (QV), nicknamed Umbrella, and it is obvious that the moment before opening the door to her apartment, someone escaped out the window. The umbrella was summoned to consider the criminal police leader - the police adviser Wakatko "Yaroslav Marvan" (QV), but although she was shocked by the photo of the dead, she admits nothing. Before Tufar, the umbrella lived with Penicka Penicka ('Radoslav Brzobohatý' (QV)), who loved her a lot and made her leave her street trade. But when he was sentenced to three years in prison, an umbrella began to live with a rough tufar, who again chased her on the street. In the case of the murder, Penika is the main suspect.
1778 ::: "Dui zhi" (2007) ::: crime ::: Early in the morning, two gunshots break the peace of the city of Yongzhou. Li Pingyuan, president of the largest company in Yongzhou, is seriously injured and his bodyguard is shot by a shooter. When the Yongzhou police immediately go to the scene for investigation, Sun Hibin, an entrepreneur whose company is based on a crime organization, is also shot. At the same time, a dumped body is found and reported. Various murders in a row shock the Yongzhou government and provincial leadership in the Ministry of Public Security. That is why Yan Haidong, captain of the provincial criminal investigation, is appointed for the investigation in Leiden and a special investigation team of competent police has been set up. Confrontation between justice and evil starts ...
1779 ::: Ransum Games (2014) ::: crime ::: A disturbed and loving wife must make a life or death decision after learning that a group of brutal street thugs had kidnapped her real estate mogul's husband. Instead of paying ransom for his safe returns ... she chose to take them into a roller-coaster-ride, which they twist their lives!
1780 ::: Hibotan bakuto: Jingi tooshimasu (1972) ::: crime ::: Oryu The Red People visits an old -fashioned boss a united family and promises to help the new boss's guidance. At the same time, a grass war disappears. When the family becomes betrayed and the rival family becomes violent, Orio takes everything in itself.
1781 ::: Trouble in Paradise (????) ::: crime ::: The problem in Heaven is "a crime raising movie in the Old Havana during the fifties of the twentieth century. The epic is deeply drowned in the high -end drink of criminals and political conspiracies, which gives the lust of gambling and the pursuit Havana is in the world's leading tourist destination. My Grand Havana plans from an unlikely spot ... Saratoga County Prison. He is serving a ninety -day prison sentence for violating simple gambling, as he achieves the best in a bad position. At a high cost to Mayer, then His imprisonment is a dedicated suite with the phone and all amenities. The seizure of affairs in Havana, Mayer begins developing the most gambling Mecca in the world. The previous gambling was prolonged to run twisted casinos that kept the high young. Mayer looks at Santo with contempt, and he is a criminal Common in a thousand dollars and himself as a Renaissance man, without a counterpart in the world of organized crime. Meanwhile, the Rogue Fbi Sean O'Brien agent establishs a personal revenge against Mayer, and follows him with revenge from New York to Havana. He pledges to the Meyer Lansky Mes. At any price. Mayer needs financial support for men who understand the casino business ... calls on a group of elite mafia from organized crime centers: New York, Cleveland, Chicago and Las Vegas. But the heads of Vigas Ghougha feel that Havana's dream in Havana will reduce their gambling revenues ... so there is a problem with heaven. When threats and bullets begin to fly, Mayer calls for a previous work in CIA known for his creativity. He trained in the secret attacks, his equality makes him the final weapon against Santo. Mayer escapes from two strikes and sends his family to Miami for safety. Then he starts a lethal game of cat and mouse. As the tension is escalating, Mayer is located in a beautiful Cuban citizen. His passion for her grows as his enemies approach. President Batista remains the only connection of Mair to political protection, but his regime is about to collapse. If Havana falls, Mayer's dream collapses with her.
1782 ::: The Sullies (????) ::: crime ::: The Sullivan brothers and their three nearby friends achieve a series of small robberies in Astoria, Queens. Their friendship is proven after they inadvertently steal a bar belonging to the Irish mafia. Now they must overcome their differences and execute the greatest score of their lives for the head of the mafia that has threatened to eliminate each of their families.
1783 ::: Out of Darkness (2004) ::: crime ::: "In the darkening of a murderer" identifies Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria Maria. Works out of the new myths going out in Cleveland, Ohio. He deals with a partner, a researcher taken Avon, who is not trusted because the father of Angie is an accused of cars. Angie also has two heads: The police religion and "a special Judge" and sincerity. Magnos is a businessman that can be behind all the criminal activity. But everything happens, troubles and lives of angie, a deep images of the depths that take its literal criminals.
1784 ::: A Fine Line (2011/I) ::: crime ::: New Jersey, 2006. Chance (David Archema) is a driver for his drug-dealing Uncle Marti (Neil Levin). Marti's old friend, Steven Salangar (Nick Marvosh), is coming from waste planning to sell new goods on the east coast. Chance's brother -in -law, George (Ryan Castro), is leaving the jail and stays with him and his wife until she works. Both of them appear that unrelated incidents soon cause the opportunity and trouble for his uncle, which then leads to who can be trusted.
1785 ::: Frustré (2013) ::: crime ::: Fabrice Lombard has neither the means nor the manifestations to attract female species. Whether it is on street advertising boards, or in commercials on TV or walking on DS Chams-Ellisz Street, everywhere seems to see beautiful women he can never deal with. The constant humiliation of society and the long drifting to isolation slowly turns his imagination of killing into an uninstaired motivation and Fabrice Lombard into a serial killer ...
1786 ::: Kradljivac uspomena (2007) ::: crime ::: About a month before the death of the first Croatian president and following the parliamentary elections in December 1999, the Croatian embassy diplomat was reported missing. It is a Doctor of French literature who returned from Canada in 1991. Gwin Scock, who participated in the battle for freedom and defended Wukover, begins the search.
1787 ::: Penitentiary Chances (1998) ::: crime ::: Preview of the unpleasant act to the "veteran" cult. The low -budget film that started the urban film genre. Working for a couple of racist drug dealers, follow two children who wish to "chance" to get out of Barrio. Do a basement to a basement that most people can't see-where the trades go bad and there are huge risks to survival!
1788 ::: "Origines" (2014) ::: crime ::: A genealogy and a police: a great team to highlight the origin of the crime. In a murder case, the lineage Margot Laurent formed a team with Arthur Do Plessis, a young and self-blessing policeman. Who murdered? And why? A murder always has its own dark side: a fabricated family history that becomes an urban legend. And who can claim that their family has no secret? Margot and Arthur snatched hidden mysteries to throw light on the murder. Arthur is no-nonsense forest, here to arrest the culprit, while the Margot, Liney, is more interested in the past, in the pregnancy of murder, which the tragedy was pretended before it was. Between them, Margot and Arthur bring into consideration. There are hidden family trauma here, sometimes those stories are ignored, which should be tolerated later, which give many layers.
1789 ::: Mr. Lockjaw (2015) ::: crime ::: Rock Joe is an American drama series created by Justink Raig and Bylon Conrad Ewin. Rock Joe, who was produced as a set in Atlanta, Georgia, is the story of Miles Brimley (Troy Harvson). Troy Harvson is a child celebrity who has been dragged into the underworld of crime interrogation and torture by his confused dummy, Rock Joe. When he finds his hole deeply, Miles has no choice but to succumb to Rock Joe's and more dangerous desires. Gwyneth has a faint hope of hope. Gwyneth is a healing drug addict who wants her childhood bond to help her escape from painful memories. The situation of Miles and Lockjaw is even more complicated by the once powerful employer, Hubaldus Hercolani, the collapsed empire. Leonard Stanley, the number one of his number one. And a threatened police officer, Bill Presin. If it wasn't enough to fight, Gumshoe's book would be drawn into the murder of Miles as a major suspect ... All stories have two aspects, Rock Joe. Will literally take this. Miles Brimley Moonlight, a child celebrity, illuminates the moonlight as an information extract in the criminal world operated by the infamous Herbaldas Helcolani. This series, reminiscent of Dr. Jekyll and Hyde, takes viewers to the split world of duplicate characters struggling in light and darkness. It is not just a crime drama, but the ultimate human question. Which side is you really? It is a story of a person surrounded by murder, criminal act, corruption, and involved in it, but at the center he wants the simple joy of life that most people think is the natural thing. I am. His struggle is to survive his environment, his enemies, and above all, his larger dolls, Rock Joe. The show filled with dry wit and gribb satire is not the comedy itself, but the dark spotlight that illuminates the GLI side of our existence while recognizing the concept of the concept of the concept. Rock Joe uses the south of the realism's premise to open the possibility that he could not be able to do it with a more grounded show. More ordinary characters support the audience as an observer of Rock Joe's more pulpy interrogation method. All episodes bring a strange death, unexpected twist, and the moment of a memorable wet cooler that can only be seen from the crazy dummy mouth. In the double world, Rock Joe licks both sides on both sides.
1790 ::: Ganked (2018) ::: crime ::: The two best friends travel an familiar throughout the country so that they know to give a large amount of cocaine to a drug Lord. On arrival, he informs them that he has some cash less and after waiting for the girls' money, they decide to rob her and take it all.
1791 ::: La banda del trucido (1977) ::: crime ::: Ends with the death of a police chief after the root. The police chief seeking suspicious, linza to die of his boss. The search of consideration is bully, the pale with Sysilin thought and 'Roolez' The action is the violence that keeps both policemen and criminals, so that is still looking for some time to try a few steals.
1792 ::: Sanai meotgin ibyeol (1971) ::: crime ::: While on his way to asking money from his vein, Seng-Min meets Khan. Han comes up with a plan in which they can instead kill the old man for money, but Seong-Min is not aware that Khan has already killed uncle and is looking for someone to take the blame.
1793 ::: Point mort (1984) ::: crime ::: A man was shot dead at a provincial airport. In spite of his wounds, he managed to kill himself to his plane limited to Italy, unaware that the killers are currently waiting for him at the destination. During the flight, he reminds him of the events that led him. His name is Mato, and he was the champion of Formula 1 before banning the race due to a deadly accident. Mato escaped at Lena's girlfriend. But while they were free in the country, they were shot dead by mysterious prosecutors who began a wild monitor.
1794 ::: Gang Busters (1942) ::: crime ::: Detective Lt.bill Bannister has an unknown gang of terrorists who spread a trap of crime in the city. With his help detective Tim Nolan, news photographer Vicky Logan and reporter Happy Haskins. Bill finds that the gang leader is a mysterious professor Mortis and the gang is officially made up of criminals listed in the police records, listed in the police records as dead. Each Mortis has become a member of the "League of Murds Men", who appears to be in the line of death after committing suicide. The bill eventually, after avoiding an aircraft accident, after dynamic, dropped a well and other disturbances, tracking the gang to two hideouts; A subtrarenian cell under the city subway and a suburban sanctuary house.
1795 ::: Gardenia, il giustiziere della mala (1979) ::: crime ::: Guddin has a restaurant, having a woman, and follow the old rules of the underground rulers. It is until the selections arrive and claim to sell drugs at the Guardian restaurant. But Baghinia refuses to deny the drugs not a good thing and the battle begins between the two. Fighting the casualties in the beginning, but, the increasing blood bleeding and gardens will only escape them after the death of insurgents.
1796 ::: When London Sleeps (1932) ::: crime ::: Slippery Rodney Haines manages a high -level game joint in Hampstead, while elsewhere in the London London Fair for the least well, is on its last legs. The only link between them seems to be Tommy Blyth, whose bets put him in debt with hatred and who fantasy Mary, the adopted daughter of Lamberti. In fact, there is another unexpected link between the two worlds.
1797 ::: "El hombre de la luna" (1996) ::: crime ::: Murder, spirituality and mystery have all the ingredients of classic suspense in this story and more ... a beautiful girl found with cutting her throat in the moon valley, the homeless disassembling, went out with her body. He was accused of murder. The case was closed. Or is it? A resident lawyer upheld the accused and the cast of the characters he faces is a strange: a ch'makani, or man of the dark, the beautiful twin sister of a dead girl, an American exchange student, his parents Bolivia's computer hacking, a lawyer ex -wife and a lawyer ex Expelled for the secret woman. They all combine for steam, exciting and suspense pack story
1798 ::: The Hollow Waltz (2015) ::: crime ::: In a city full of corruption and greed, a selected range of characters leads this story through a corrupt city of New England. Everyone is trying to live a few more days despite luck. Revenge, backstabbing, and riches do for a good time in a hollow frog. Rated r for language and violent behavior.
1799 ::: Jack Taylor: Purgatory (2016) ::: crime ::: Jack and Daragh are hired by the head of a large software company to find out who stole valuable games data from the company. Jack is interested in the main suspect, but when he was killed, Jack suspiciously to his employer and promises to bring him down.
1800 ::: Fjällbackamorden: Vänner för livet (2013) ::: crime ::: The successful detective writer Erica Falck, thinks that his next book should be based on a real mysterious event in his childhood. When she was only 13 years old, one of her dear friends and classmate Peter rose aboard a bus and then disappeared. Erica could not abandon the tragic event and her first meeting with a real mystery. As she starts to deepen what has really happened to Peter, it seems that she has aroused a sleeping beast. When Erica's only bond with Peter, his brother Ivan, who is about to see her, is stabbed and murdered his mission not only becomes to solve Peter's mystery but also to discover who killed Ivan. During a feast of high school reunion, the heat accumulates when Tina, Peter and Ivan enigmatic sister, presents himself unexpectedly and later to the party, another murder is committed which leads Erica closer to the truth On what really happened to the missing peter.
1801 ::: Cause and Effect (????) ::: crime ::: An average boy named Road (Cesar Cipher Gabriel) has a chance of their lives when Khalil (Ricardo Pro Rodriguez) an infamous business owner offers him a job that changes his life. The work of the first male assassin at an entire female agency. As soon as done, he makes enemies within the agency, but is given his first female target with special instructions. When he meets Deja (Amarie Lee) ... he discovers that nothing seems.
1802 ::: Bold (2006) ::: crime ::: Dev Gill is a tycoon who believes he can buy the world with his money. He was beaten with Tanvi Verma, but she does not answer his feelings. DEV gives Tanvi's father, Prem Chopra, a large business contract, making Prem very happy with the association. He is even happier when Dev Tanvi's hand asks in marriage. But Tanvi refuses because she is in love with a civil engineer (Sameer Kochhar), and she marries him. But Dev still does not give up with his pursuit of Tanvi. He gives Sameer a well -paid job in his company, so that the Sameer leaves a very happy man. But he is not aware of DEV's fixation for his wife. At a party drug drugs tanvi and raped her. In a fight between Dev and Sameer, the Sameer remains paralyzed. Tanvi takes revenge to ruin DEV. Can she do it?
1803 ::: Kiss of Death (2008) ::: crime ::: Every Pov tells a story. Blood Rush is unlike any other series of crimes on television. Boomtown meets CSI, he rethinks the genre. The truth is slippery. One person's testimonies are the lie of the person of another. The evidence seems final - but in whose hands? With whose construction? There is never just one version. The truth depends on where you stand. How many perspectives do the whole story? Distinctive and frugal polygonal drama, Blood Rush uses Breakneck jumps on the point of view and time frame to reveal stories of crimes from the point of view of all participating. Chronologies roll back, forth and overlap when history is unraveling. The varied prospects of detectives, cops, criminals, pathologists, profiles, victims and perpetrators take our heart deep into the heart of history. And at the end of the truth. There is always more than one perspective on a crime. Every Pov tells a story.
1804 ::: Goodnight, Charlene (2017) ::: crime ::: Good night, Charlene is a fiction of the crime/ thriller set in a border city of the distant west of Texas. A local mechanic is in the struggle of his life when his two -stroke wife and his boyfriend create a plot with the corrupt mayor and the local law of the city to kill him for profit.
1805 ::: "Baian the Assassin" (1990) ::: crime ::: In the yellow times Japan, justice is a difficult decision to get anything. In these cases, the slandering killers are poisonous to kill those who causes them. Fujaddada Baan is ancupuncturist who serves his country faithful as a healer. However, when he became a different person - the human ability of his warranty that believes to be killed and beyond justice. In uniform and other historical practices in Japan, the film has been caught well in dark darkness of the newspaper.
1806 ::: Fjällbackamorden: Vänner för livet (2013) ::: crime ::: The successful detective writer, Erica Falck, thinks that her next book must be based on a real mysterious event from her childhood. When she was only 13 years old, one of her dear friends and classmate Peter got into a bus and then disappeared. Erica is unable to let go of the tragic event and her first meeting with a real mystery. While she starts digging deeper into what really happened to Peter, it seems like she has awakened a sleeping animal. When Erica's some connection with Peter, his brother Ivan, who is on his way to see, stabbed and killed her, her mission is not only to resolve the mystery about Peter, but also to find out who killed Ivan. During a High School Reunion party, the heat builds up when Tina, Peter and Ivan's enigmatic sister, pops up unexpectedly and later at the party another murder is committed that leads Erica closer to the truth about what actually with the missing Peter has happened.
1807 ::: Sexo, Sexo, e Sexo (1984) ::: crime ::: The SFO paraso, the best friends Carlos and Nico found a job that works in the garage of Margca. After Mr. Jactorto finds a smoke of smoke, he tells that he will call the police. Carlos are planting her violence and running, but Mr. Jacinto died and Carlos became a robot. Carlos decided to use full car. When Monica's prostitutes with his friend and Pimp Celelar at night, Carlos and Nico starts conversation in the restaurant. Soon Carlos plans to develop hicosts and Nico and Monica became his Grandmother. A Carlos day decides to be full in Nico but he wants his partner. Monica appears in Cesar and accepting to participate in the Heest. Carlos suddenly identified sexual sex but realized that she would be betrayed.
1808 ::: The Third Clue (1934) ::: crime ::: Set in an old dark house, a man is murdered in his study. With his dying breath, he asks his brother to find Hidden Eastern Indian jewels of two clues that were part of a precious statue. He wants his brother to find the treasure so that it can be given to his son. But before the treasure can be found, a third clue should be discovered.
1809 ::: The Neighborhood Thief (????) ::: crime ::: The story of four boys are seeking to enter the problem by enjoying life, causing babies. Neighbors know that they are a problem but especially for Rick Hughes, doing something that is causing it, but he has little of it and the four men. The boys are blame for everything but they kill all the time when the number of accounts steal charges. At this time, punishment is more difficult than it is called ". So four men gathered to their neighbors, but not just working. They to call on their older class of Charlie Dickson to get the brain and the guy that they need is help. That's when they turned on to Jovanlands not good "fly" and "cat." Lillure, and Smiles Do you know to be winning. But how they will go to redeem themselves? How much they have?
1810 ::: Le polygraphe (1996) ::: crime ::: Lucie Champagne gets the role of the victim, Marie-Claire, in a film of a real, unsolved murder. Coincidence, Lucie's neighbor Francois, was Marie-Claire's boyfriend. He is a suspect in the constant investigation and is not sure of his own innocence, although he has an alibi from his previous girlfriend, Claude. Francois' Polygraph (Lie Detector) test does not appear to be decisive and although he is waiting for his second test, Lucie's film is completed with his own ideas about whom Marie -Claire killed.
1811 ::: The Hangman Waits (1947) ::: crime ::: Hangman is waiting -This 1947 semi -documentary style features are photographed around the News of the World Press, an attempt to arrest some terrible murder perpetrators. An attractive movie produced by a 5 -star movie in Kenzington, a buffet studio, using press and movie media. A good historical scene of the news of the World Printing Factory and Victoria Station.
1812 ::: 75A4053: The Ronald DeFeo Interview (2014) ::: crime ::: Behind the walls of the Green Haven Max-Seccitation facility, Ryan Katzzbach's documentary filmmaker with Ronald J. Defeo, Junior Defeo, in 1975 condemned the murder of his entire family, which created "Amitville's horror". The story of the Katzenbach's trilogy series in 2011-2014 was about the case, "Crushed Hopes: The True Story of Amitville Murder". In June 2014, Katzenbach interviewed Defeo First to ask questions about "The Amityville Horror", his family, and the killings that happened four decades ago. This is the first time a public interview has been uncensored and uncensored.
1813 ::: "Eden" (2006) ::: crime ::: The main hero of this specified series at the present time is Honza Boudny, the investigator. He was wounded in a shooting while the police was conducting, which led to a binding on a wheelchair for life. But for the firm young man, this does not mean the end. While he is still at the Kladruby Rehabilitation Center, his friend and colleague Lada comes to seek help in a case that has its roots here in this institution. After his release from the center, Hunza decided to become a taxi driver. In a large city like Prague, there is no shortage of customers or mysterious and criminal cases in which a taxi driver participates easily. Then, of course, his former colleagues helps to solve them.
1814 ::: The Rat (1925) ::: crime ::: When bored Courtesan Zelie de Chaumet begs her beloved, the corrupt and powerful Stetz, to take her slump, the pair of Pierre Boucheron, aka 'The Rat', Boy-King of the Paris Underworld and the Innocent Odile meets. Love, life and jewelry are risked and lost in this powerful romantic melodrama, because the lives of the four characters are forever changed by this accidental encounter.
1815 ::: Zubeko banchô: hamagure kazoe uta (1971) ::: crime ::: The local gangs of Yakuza dominating the port of Yokohama do not take the invasion of their territory well by a daring biker gang, led by a girl in black leather outfit and a cowboy hat - recalling the winners of the previous war. Old and new resentments lead the two gangs of girls to compete in several fights. However, when one of the leaders dies, the girls eventually unite against the male gangsters who used them as puppets - and everything ends with a great final mixed battle by the sea.
1816 ::: Noshtta sreshtu 13-i (1961) ::: crime ::: Todor Primov is a royal army officer who changes the sides and goes to the partisans. After the war, he graduates in engineering and is appointed manager of several construction projects. His car collides on the eve of March 13th. After his healing, Primov resumes his work. However, secret information begins to flow from projects and some serious accidents occur. Andrey, who became friends with Todor Primov again in the partisan unit, goes to investigate the causes. He knows that Todor was blind in color while this engineer distinguished colors. Andrey manages to reach the truth: Parvan Primov, Todor's twin brother, has made a car collision. On that night he killed his brother and took his place ...
1817 ::: "Podruga osobogo naznacheniya" (2005) ::: crime ::: Secretary Varvara Lepteva found the body of an unknown visitor in her boss's office fees. But Lapteva had no idea that his life would never be the same since that day. Now, he will investigate his mysterious murder, protects friends from mortal fear - and he will also meet the man, whose love did not dare to dream.
1818 ::: Deseta zapoved (2003) ::: crime ::: Born in 1978, in Jesenice, in Slovenia. The film began to interest him in his secondary school years. He is a student at the faculty of electrical engineering. In his free time, he made short amateur films. After a seminar organized by the Public Fund for the Republic of Slovenia for cultural activities, he wrote the plan for his first feature film project (Deseta Zapoved, 2003).
1819 ::: Nightmare Christmas (2012) ::: crime ::: It is a comical appearance of Christmas crimes. For a nightmare Christmas, look at a woman with her husband on her chest to open a gift five days earlier. A strange story of two greedy grinters who deprive the church donation between Christmas Misa and a man who stolen a rare robe.
1820 ::: Valentin Valentin (2014) ::: crime ::: Valentine is sleeping in his fifth floor. Although Valentine was killed, he couldn't kill the film ...
1821 ::: The Iron Cage (2017) ::: crime ::: Huang Shengs to knocks in ignorance. The giver is asking "the word Sorina is holding the whole city. One year ago, Huang was an unknown guard. It is called "detecting" when it breaks "Soririra word". According to Huang Sheng continually, many facts are coming out: The most realists, people are doing anything to make it, people hide the fact that they are hiding the truth. This movie is an example of people's residence. People ignore a nosy to protect traditional culture. "Nora" in the movie shows no consent. The truth is killed slowly. The film receives the ancient Chinese and Aria-Lao Qiang. One's prisoners are being imprisoned. People like the dogs that are not controlled to go through the bad man, and they can't leave the sky of life.
1822 ::: La banda del trucido (1977) ::: crime ::: Shoot out after the robbery ended with the death of the police chief. The police detective Ghini looks for a man named Lanza to retaliate to the death of his owner. Ghini's search leads him to the 'garbage' of the dirty leader of the Belly and the murderers of the Sician gangster. The action was violent as both police and criminals tracked Belly, they found some time to try some theft ...
1823 ::: Goo waat zai: Gong woo sun dit jui (2013) ::: crime ::: At his night of the Mongo porn, the king of Dai Tin, killed him by the king and men who died. His people are annoying, and chicken, chicken, chicken, pouch, pands standing against who can revenge. According to his heart, king of MED under ugly organizations every long, the leader of Hing Hing Hing Tiaty, is death all the way.
1824 ::: Zubeko banchô: hamagure kazoe uta (1971) ::: crime ::: Local Yuckza Gangs does not take an invasion of a girl in his soil and a girl by a girl by a girl - leading by a girl - the previous warra Oversees. Old and new fingers lead to two girls groups to be in order to clash in several wars. However, when one dies from elders, girls are ending against male dynamics - and all it fights a big fan mixed on the sea.
1825 ::: Roy Murphy: Private Eye (????) ::: crime ::: The millionaires and murder led the disastrous international conspiracies in 1941 San Francisco. Join Murph, Mac and Kitten while discovering evidence all indicating the evil Oswald Pop. Capra-asque characters and Film Noir elements are mixed in re-imagining classic detective films of 1940.
1826 ::: "Sledaki" (2011) ::: crime ::: The Division of Investigations (Sledaki) resembles the ordinary police service ... A lot of unresolved cases, relations within the department are not easy ... but following teamwork, care and Compassion to the heroes overcome all the problems and they solve all the problems together.
1827 ::: "Místo zlocinu Plzen" (2015) ::: crime ::: Crime Series in six parts following the work of the Plazen (Pilson) murder. Each murder is full of secrets, and investigators are focused on many suspects. But the performance of the real criminal is always very surprising. There is such an unusual atmosphere in which mysterious murder has been done. Suspense, mystery, and frightened Mingel, work on full cramps to investigators.
1828 ::: Nahota na prodej (1993) ::: crime ::: The young journalism student Nancy arrives in Prague for an internship. She chose Prague because she had the Czech roots. Along with journalist Egon and former police officer, I am looking for a private detective who is currently inviting a 16 -year -old girl. Her father is desperate, and the police are not helped. Their survey leads them to prostitution and porn trader Roman gangs.
1829 ::: When London Sleeps (1932) ::: crime ::: Slippery Rodney Haines manages a high-class gambling joint in Hampstead, while else in the London London Fair, it is less for his last legs less. The only relationship between them is Tommy Blit, whose bets have put him in a serious debt with Hines and who fantasizes Mary, the adopted daughter of Lambeti. In fact, there is an additional unexpected connection between the two worlds.
1830 ::: Untitled Brooklier Project (????) ::: crime ::: The true story of the lawyer for the life of lawyer Anthony Brookler, who moved from work in the US lawyer's office in Los Angeles County, as a nail prosecutor, to become the first criminal defense lawyer and was his first agent who was his father, who was unknown to him. Son, Los Angeles President was the mob. The story of the father, the son of the family, loyalty, crime, and law that was presented against Los Angeles in the 1970s.
1831 ::: "Loose Ends" (2014) ::: crime ::: A black ensemble that the dark ensemble has lived in a group of contract killers and their clients.
1832 ::: Throw Down (2000) ::: crime ::: Max Finnister comes home after serving for six years in Marine, to search for his childhood girlfriend and his sister is caught in a relationship with a drug Lord. Once he takes them away safely, however, drug Lord is bent on revenge. Now the crowd is after Binita, the girlfriend of her and her childhood, could be more involved than what she thought. The film concludes in an epic battle between a kingpin and a person, which was determined to save his friends.
1833 ::: Le dernier souffle (1999) ::: crime ::: The life of Laurent Vaillancourt, a police officer in Montreal, falls apart. His wife leaves him, his father hardly speaks to him and his brother Martin is in great difficulty. When Martin dies mysteriously, Laurent tries to solve his murder. The investigation leads him to Nazareth, Arkansas, a city ruled by the militia. Laurent makes a darkness with murder, money and a series of shady characters. Will he be able to make himself alone?
1834 ::: Police judiciaire (1958) ::: crime ::: There are numerous investigations in the French criminal police site: a young petition is accused of killing his accomplice. A false witness who works for a dangerous killer is interrogated. A double crime has committed a hotel without any sign of breaking ...
1835 ::: Fanny Pelopaja (1984) ::: crime ::: Violence and crime are the only way to life of Fanny. A east-coop, known as "L. Galgo", was expelled from the police force due to its irregular methods, especially for Fannie, a brutal misconduct. They are looking for each other, both with the idea of ​​murder. However, a feeling that is very different from hatred begins to capture their respective brains. When they meet, they will not know how to react.
1836 ::: Queen Pin (2010) ::: crime ::: The drug game is tough but Rani decided to choose where her dead lover was gone. When recruiting a solid team and implementing its plan, he finds out that he is not the only game in the city. Things are heated as Rani and his mystery rival fight to get the upper hand.
1837 ::: "Klan" (2016) ::: crime ::: As a result of the murder of Medgar Evers, a disappointed ambulance driver Patrick Rowling is recruited as an FBI informant in the ever -dangerous united clan of America. Clansman Jean Hyivud and his trusted second commander Garth Dilakhunt deal with a mall within their clawer. Hyivud Bev's wife is struggling with the upcoming one-year anniversary of her eldest son's death. FBI manipulator Dean Waller receives some anxious information.
1838 ::: Once Upon a Time in London (2018) ::: crime ::: London's most famous gangs, Billy Hill (Leo Gregororium) and Jack, once in London, dramading in London once opened a way to migi-infected and well-known Krai and Richardson.
1839 ::: Fathoms Deep (2011) ::: crime ::: Following an agreement that became bad, two partners in the crime, Hicks (Zachary Block) and Cash (Robert Dill) are simple puppets in a twisted line of crime lords and "not so well in the head" villains. Among the disturbing background of the Mojave desert, now they have to wait for the storm with a security man less than attractive, the smallpox, while a chief of the opposite crime Lou Garris (Duane Daniels) has them hunted. Will they leave just in time, or is there even an exit? In the life of disorganized crime, one thing is safe: "There is no thing like good."
1840 ::: Once Upon a Time in London (2018) ::: crime ::: While pretending the violent reign of London's two most notorious gangsters, Billy Hill (Leo Gregory) and Jack 'Spot' Comer (Terry Stone), once charts the mythological growth and decline of a nationwide criminal empire in London at a time in London What was gone by then which had gone till then. Middle-recruitment and which paved the way for notorious Krai Twins and Richardson.
1841 ::: Hibotan bakuto: Jingi tooshimasu (1972) ::: crime ::: The Red Peony visits an old president who dies for a family of ally and promises that he will help direct the new president. At the same time, the grass war collapses. When the family is betrayed from the inside and the competing family becomes violent, Oryu takes things in their hands.
1842 ::: Live or Die in La Honda (2017) ::: crime ::: Break Baker receives a phone call from his past lover to help find her missing brother. When he arrives in La Honda, he knows that she is more dangerous than her believing in him. Modern movie Noir.
1843 ::: Welcome Matt: An Unfortunately True Story (2010) ::: crime ::: August 27, 2010 on August 27, 2010 in August 27, the Saint's Service, Caiyan Slowlings, Criminal Fiber, Crazy Fried, Teraio in the Central Kentucky in what In 3 cities, most of the deaths of nearby, most of them were responsible for the facebook killings in 3 cities. In "Welcome", you see what they have done and what happened. You also find it out why ... sometimes you don't want to know who's at the door !!!
1844 ::: Yokohama Ankokugai Kikyou (2008) ::: crime ::: Yokohama is a dark world controlled by drugs and bands. Ruich Todo and Kanji Gojio of the local group Yakuza, Todo-Gumi in Jinto Kai, are the last to live with their former leader. They maintained their traditional Yakuza culture based on the heart of the obligation, but time changed and the balance of power between them gradually changed. Yasuo Kuki in the Goshiro-Gumi schemes with his strong knowledge of business, while Kasai-Gumi by Kansai tries to control Yokohama when the possibility rises. A young man who has become a yakuza, influenced by the mentality of Goshiro's Yakuza, his soul is stirred even more when he meets Todo. What will he see in the violent world?
1845 ::: Igrek 17 (1973) ::: crime ::: The Bulgarian Intelligence Service has information that the best agent Peron will arrive in Bulgaria. The senior employee of The Counter Intelligence Ivan with the nickname Y 17 is to investigate. Peron should meet his local contact, former ship captain Rudev. The young mine is placed in Rudnev's home. Rudnev believes that she is a counterintelligence and agrees to cooperate with the working group. Shortly thereafter, a pear meets a mine and an eccentric engineer, fired from work. The young man is the deep undercover agent Y 117. The platform tests the man. He tells him that Mina is an agent of Bulgarian counterintelligence and gives him a gun to kill her. Y 117 fired a mine, but the bullet was empty. Then Y 117 has to leave the country with a pear.
1846 ::: 8 of Diamonds (2006) ::: crime ::: A scheme of three thieves to steal a $ 2 million $ 20 -karate diamond. But as their plan develops, everything begins to fall apart. The rock is absorbed by a person who then dies, leading to a terrible amateur autopsy. Also, significant other and fellow criminals resort to blackmail to get part of the action, and all three men fall victim to a tumultuous paranoia.
1847 ::: The Skyjacker (2008) ::: crime ::: A true story. Northwest, 1970's. Lonely plans to change his life. He needs the money and so he leans on an airplane with a luggage. He states that there is a bomb inside and asks for redemption. Cigarettes and bourbon help keep nerves under control. Unfortunately he encounters a young stewardess and loses control over the situation.
1848 ::: The Hatton Garden Job (2017) ::: crime ::: In April 2015, the Hatton Garden Safety Company, an underground safe facility in the Hatton Garden London Zone, was a burglary of 4 elderly men. The total stolen can have a value of up to 200 million, the incident is called "the largest burglary in English legal history."
1849 ::: "Khozyayka taygi" (2009) ::: crime ::: Vasilissa GROMOVA, guardian of a forest reserve, and Konstantin VOIREVODID, former sailor, by a pure accident of a murder organized by a group of local mafia. They are driven both by the mafia and by the police, and accidentally a certain knowledge of the shadow patterns of high -ranking local managers. Two honest people put their own war against crime and corruption. Will they win?
1850 ::: "Eden" (2006) ::: crime ::: The main champion of the series, arranged at the present time, is Honza Boood, a detective. He was injured in a shooting during a police action, with the conclusion that he was limited to wheelchair. But for the decisive young man this does not mean the end. While he is still in the center of rehabilitation in Claudrobi, his friend and colleague Lada comes to him and requests help from the case that is rooted in the institute. After his release from the center, Honza decided to become a taxi driver. In a large city such as Prague, there is no shortage of customer and mysterious and criminal cases where a taxi driver is very easily involved. And then he certainly helps his former colleagues resolve them.
1851 ::: The Silence of the Bones (2008) ::: crime ::: Swazland 2001. About 35 women and five children have died in the Malcolnce forest. Their rotten bodies can only be found through the clothes that are lying near their residue. David admitted Simelene murders and led the police on the terrible invention of all the bodies. A trial follows, but there is also controversy, sick witnesses and Simelene himself attempted suicide. This is a long trial in Swaji history so far. It is part of a syndicate of rumors Simeline, which is the body parts for money. Is that the same thing or is Simelene just a manic cold blooded killer?
1852 ::: A Very Perfect Crime (2013) ::: crime ::: In a broken timeline, 2 men (Chad Bockholdt and Patrick Pinkston) discuss the principles of "A very perfect crime", Three Men (Bockholdt, Dick Pointer, Joe Hammerstone) commit the crime by holding a few Captive (Angie Freesmeier, Jason Canon ) And force them to help with a well -planned bank robbery and 2 police detectives (Chad Morris, Howie Hirschfield) investigates the aftermath of "a very perfect crime".
1853 ::: D-dag - Niels-Henning (2000) ::: crime ::: Nill-Hinning has agreed to help the bank's robbery. He is expert of explosives. But firmly have so much bad nerves, and they spend his view when she gets nerves. And he has forgotten his pills. She also has some problems with a friend that he asked his tools and explosives. The blast will succeed? It is one of the four films that about the new night surrounds and at the same time the D-DAg (2) (TV) as you can edit your version.
1854 ::: Amheukgaui 25shi (1970) ::: crime ::: Unknown to the true identity of five people, EAC others, tie a villa on Mount Fuji of diamonds worth thousands of dollars value. However, they are cheated by one of their members and learns that the goals were never diamonds, but a North Korean Microfilm.
1855 ::: Poruno sutâ (1998) ::: crime ::: The psychopath Arano arrives in Tokyo with a bag full of knives with the intention of killing Yakuza. He approaches the Gangster Petit Kamijo, who was affected by the old boss of Yakuza to kill the gangster Matsunaga, but he is not a killer. When Arano kills two American drug traffickers, Kamijo steals the boom box with drugs. But the young prostitute Alice convinces Arano to steal drugs and travel with her to Fiji. When she disappears with medication, Arano begins his unleashing against Yakuza. A young man decides one day to start killing Yakuza. After killing his first two, he is helping a budding gangster and his awkward subordinates to take a blow. While things work at first, this young psychopath quickly becomes more problems than the gang expected. Will they be able to get rid of him or will they be his next victims?
1856 ::: When London Sleeps (1932) ::: crime ::: Slippery Rodney Haines runs a high-class gamble joint in Hampstead, while elsewhere in London Lamberti's fair is on his last legs. The only link between them seems to be Tommy Blyth, whose bet has put him in severe debts with Haines and who depicts Mary, the adopted daughter of the Lamberti. In fact, there is a further unexpected connection between the two worlds.
1857 ::: CH7 (2004) ::: crime ::: Tina, a young Swiss filmmaker, gets tired of working for CH7, the first private television channel in Switzerland. She decides to change her life and produce her own movie. She plans to acquire the necessary money by stealing a bank, all the time hunted by one of her former co -workers who has heard of her plans.
1858 ::: The Legend Maker (2014) ::: crime ::: Alan Figg (real name: Alexi Figopoulos) has been working as a professional counterfeiter for over 30 years, from Greece to Guadeloupe from Poland to Portugal and is now back in Brunswick, where he started all of these years ago. FIGG is proud of the fact that he always delivers for his customers - from unmizzlers to murderers, from the Ukrainian mafia to the South African criminal network from Perth - passes, bank accounts, university degrees, credit cards and basically everything basically everything what is necessary to create a new identity and a new life. But Figg gets old and his trade art begins to slide. He becomes aware of this when a racket, known as Croat, gives him an ultimatum: work for him is “exclusively” or rubbed out. Figg is not easily hinted at, but that makes the Bejesus out of it. But Figg realizes that something doesn't smell properly, it is more than the eye. He has to find out what is behind the threat of the Croatian. To buy time, he instructs his assistant Roy to run business as usual, hoping that the Croat will slip. In the course of the next twenty -four hours, a parade of customers leads through the Figg office. In the first place is a Poncy academic who has to leave Melbourne and hide in Italy in order to avoid an arrest of over two million dollars. Next comes a miserable person in my early 30s who killed his son in an accident and is unable to face his family and society of society. A bally woman follows Yussipova from Ukraine. It deals with dodgy credit cards and bank fraud. She absolutely wants to exceed her finances again after being cheated by a slut from Moldau. Is one of them in Cahoots with the Croat? Who knows! Nobody in this game is who seems to be. When the Croat finally makes its train and kidnapped Roy, Figg bursts in action. Even Figg could not have predicted what would be out at some point.
1859 ::: Deep Dark Web (2018) ::: crime ::: Michael, thirty -fifth, was not supposed to be a drug dealer, just came. Once he suffers from a drug problem, he is now lonely drifting to an unknown destination. His personal life is torn between his volatile ex -girlfriend who entered his life and a painter on his behalf. His actions pulled him into the midst of the Dublin gang runner. With the collapse of his world, he wonders whether his luck has finally run out. The destination is love.
1860 ::: Nightmare Christmas (2012) ::: crime ::: It is a strange look at Christmas crimes. Nightmare Christmas looks at a woman who stabbed her husband in her chest five days earlier because he opened his gifts. Two greedy grin that rob the church donations during the Christmas mass and the bizarre history of a man who stole an unusual robe.
1861 ::: "Origines" (2014) ::: crime ::: A genealogist and a policeman: a great team for detecting the origin of the crime. In a case of murder, genealogist Margot Laurent teams with Arthur Du Plesis, a young and self-assured policeman. Who did the murder? And why? A murder always has its dark side: a fabricated family story that becomes an urban legend. And who can claim that their family has no secrets? Margot and Arthur remove the hidden mysteries to shed light on the murder. Arthur is the pointless, here to arrest the culprit, while Margot, genealogist, is more interested in the past, in the prehistory of the murder, in the one that predetermined the tragedy before it happened. Among them, Margot and Arthur bring about events. Here they lie to the hidden traumas of the family, the story sometimes ignored by those who must endure the consequences, which give numerous layers of Whodunn.
1862 ::: Panter ceká v 17,30 (1972) ::: crime ::: The teenager Petr is not very good with his strict father, and when his father sells his beloved bitch Irina, he feels very alone. He therefore easily falls under the influence of the older boyspant who earns money with fraud and theft. He makes Petr and Young Fenek into his shameful activities. One day Fenek throws a cartridge under a tram and the explosion leads to bad injuries for a young girl. Petr is present at the explosion and in fact it is that people in the trams wear a white sweater.
1863 ::: Fifteen (2012) ::: crime ::: David in the twenty -second, film editor. He is well educated, and his family is rich and they are bored. Then Sean meets ... the changes in his life are irreversible. He was attracted to the world of cocaine that feeds crime, violence and killing. David should stop the horrific events series before destroying his world. But is it already a path by the troubled and dangerous Mr. Allen?
1864 ::: Mesto nic neví (1976) ::: crime ::: Summer day. 16 -year -old Hedvica arrives at Osoraba. At the same time, Libusezahradníková is colluding with her lover Emile Kusera in a secretly observed bistro observed by criminal investigator Bauch. A baby invited one week ago in front of the store was found dead in the abandoned waiting room of the health center. The three events are the focus of the Oustrava Police Crime Corps.
1865 ::: EXCELLENT AUDITIONING ACTORS FROM FIGURANT OR AMATEURS (2014) ::: crime ::: Excellent Audition actors from Figure or Amateurs is a Chinese film, directed by Yangxinlei/X.L.yang, shown in October 2014, which is the documentary and fiction film, to express a real current situation in the scope of cinema and television from China. The film is a true reproduction of tens of thousands of extras, non -professional actors in search of their artistic ideals and their incessant struggle of the indomitable will to praise those who love the film and television arts in particular the performance of the dedication of the dreamer . The film was filmed for up to four years, was eliminated in Beijing, Sichuan and New York, a total of 12,820 people photographed or photographed performances, which can be described as the most popular Chinese film actor in the history of a work. This work of art is between the documentary and the films, whose director of the search for the real, natural and realistic style of the new realism, to abandon artificial and dressing floating ornaments, to show the original ecology of the situation of people of underlying cinema, thought. -provocative.
1866 ::: Erie, the Collar Bomb Story (????) ::: crime ::: August 28, 2003, in the edges of the Ari, Pennsylvania, the calculated person with a few heads' pizza delivery men who have been in charge of explosives. They then ordered him to steal the bank. After the delivery of money, he will receive areas to help withdraw with him. It was one of the most wisdom bank in history, which has been identified by FBI. This has not been in accordance with the plan. Wells were selected by the police after theft, never found the signs that don't need to disarm the bomb on his neck. He died before it was previously died, but after the national news was in the area. Sadly, was on his death live TV. After his wonderful death, the investigation in the investigation of the crime was very quickly about, the wells were not really innocent. He only first first friendly friendship of the cooperation is falling in the bazar's bazer trail of death of the crime.
1867 ::: Cinq tulipes rouges (1949) ::: crime ::: In Tour de France, all five champions are wearing yellow jerseys, but they are assassinated. Every time, the murderer leaves a red tulip near the victim as a signature. Ricoure, a police inspector, and Colonel Die Hard Women's Sports Writers will participate in their efforts to drive the culprit.
1868 ::: "Mandrake" (2005) ::: crime ::: With Rio de Janeiro, Brazil as a background, Mandrake works in the city as a lawyer who solves most of the cases in an unorthodox manner. He is a passionate man who admires and loves women. Mandrake teams up with his partner Wexler and a friend who works in the police service to resolve his cases.
1869 ::: The Man (2014/II) ::: crime ::: In this low budget independent feature film of 90 minutes (divided here on YouTube in two 45 -minute parts) included in New Jersey and New York, there are strange things that simmer under the calm facade of a typical city in the suburbs. A drug dealer, "The Man", who lives in a plants in the shady house on Boomstumpstrip, is drugs for the local youth, including a young man named Waldo Mcfadden. This is the starting point for a comedy of errors that arises in this creepy muscle pulling land of tortured souls, each entangled in their own mental machinations. Nobody gets what they want and not everyone survives to tell the story.
1870 ::: Kiss of Death (2008) ::: crime ::: All POV tells the story. Blood rush is different from other crime series on TV. Boomtown meets CSI and reins up this genre. The truth is slippery. A man's testimony is another man's lie. Evidence seems to be decisive -but who's hand? Who's construction? There is not only one version. The truth depends on where you are standing. How many perspectives are the whole story? BLOOD RUSH reveals criminal stories from the perspective of all concerned people, using a unique and rough multi -angle drama and a tremendous jump in the time frame. The time system rolls backward, rolls forward, and overlaps as the story is released. Detectives, police, forensicists, pathologists, profilers, victims, and perpetrators take us deeply take us to the center of the story. And finally true. Crime always has multiple perspectives. All POV tells the story.
1871 ::: Irish Stand Down (2018) ::: crime ::: Ray Gallagher is your average 60-year-old, 2nd generation Irish, ordinary, salt-of-the-earth, gangster. But Ray has a problem, he needs ł200K to place as the 'blind' in a bake -colored boxing without a permit - with rival gangland boss, the long man. With time, Ray and his crew of misfits rob a backstreet casino. The problem is that the casino is the tall man to its rival.
1872 ::: Knocked Down (????) ::: crime ::: A criminal organization is involved in human trafficking. One of the victims was the daughter of a prominent citizen who decided to become a criminal victim, he created a special form of "rescue and revenge" against a criminal environment.
1873 ::: "Bespokoynyy uchastok" (2014) ::: crime ::: Seed can be worse than suspension? Seed can be more terrible than your child's disappearance? It happened five years ago. Little Nadia was abducted from the playground. Official search did not produce results. Without any hesitation, Tatiana Petrova left her favorite job and high -ranking position in the prosecutor's office for the sake of illusory opportunities to find and return her daughter. Now Tatiana is a district police officer. She uses her work to interview all the residents of the district, where the girl was kidnapped, and explores every corner and madness to find some data. No one believes that Nadya is still alive, and Tatiana is supported only by the intuition of parents, Flair Professional and her best friend - Inspector Vladimir Naumov. Together they will discover a series of criminal cases and their friendship will gradually develop in a deeper feeling. Will Tatiana help her withstand her grief? Will the desperate mother be strong enough not to lose hope and turn the whole world for the sake of a girl?
1874 ::: Goo waat zai: Gong woo sun dit jui (2013) ::: crime ::: On a dark Mongkok night, May, Dai Tin-Yee's cousin was attached to the gang by Med King and his men. The furious tin, along with his buddies, Chan Ho nam, chicken, pou-pan overseed Med King to assess May's death. As Med King was under the wings of an ugly Kwan, a triada leader hung, gave orders to get rid of Ho-Nam by all means.
1875 ::: "Sledaki" (2011) ::: crime ::: The Investigation Division (SLEDA) is like the general police department ... The amount of unresolved cases, the relationships in the section are not easy ... but the heroes overcome all the difficulties of each other as a result of team work, care and compassion.
1876 ::: Nazhoen Chharo (2008) ::: crime ::: Urbanian youth questions such as drugs, petty crime and violence are ingredients for a story in which Bhutan find its own way to deal with the side effects of modernity. Bhutan's quick developments in recent years have also have dark pages. Youth unemployment has exploded together with crime and drug abuse. However, a young man who is played by actor Tshering Gyeltshen has a plan to save prisoners from a criminal career, but the plan turns into a nightmare ...
1877 ::: Irish Stand Down (2018) ::: crime ::: Ray Gallagher is your 60-year-old average, 2nd Irish generation, led by mills, soil salt, gangster. But Ray has a problem, he needs 200k ł ł to set as 'blind' in an unlicensed, naked boxing period - with Rival Gangland Chief The Tall Man. At the end of time, Ray and his crew of Misfits Rob a Backstreet casino. The problem is, the casino belongs to his rival the tall man.
1878 ::: "Schuld" (2015) ::: crime ::: In the final analysis, everything is reduced to guilt, different tones of guilt that one assumes in a single moment of intensity or in months of premeditated planning. Defensor lawyer Friedrich Knonberg knows that he must tip the legal scales of justice in favor of his client for crimes that are never in black and white and what may seem.
1879 ::: "Místo zlocinu Plzen" (2015) ::: crime ::: A series of crime in six parts, and six, plant killer (Pilsen) murder. Each man is full of puzzles, and in the contribution of investigators to a number of suspects. But the exposition of a particular criminal is always amazing. Not only the murder environments. Mix investigators with susuidic, mysterious and fears, forced investigators to fully drive.
1880 ::: Trouble in Paradise (????) ::: crime ::: Trouble in Paradise "This is a crime thriller fitted in Old Havana in the 1950s. Saga drops deeply into the high octane brew of criminals and political conspiracies, bringing a search for gambling alive and power. . Having sold, he chased him with retaliation from New York to Havana. He pledged to nail Mayor Lansky at any cost. The mayor of the men's financial help to understand the casino business ... he calls the top group of Mafia Dance from Organized Crime Hubs: New York, Cleave And Las Vegas. But the Vegas Mob bosses think the mayor's Havana dream is expected to reduce their gambling income ... so there is trouble in heaven. When threats and bullets fly, the mayor calls for a former Sia operative known for his creativity. His waste trained in secret attacks makes him the ultimate weapon against Santo. The mayor gets out of two attempts hits and sends his family to Miami for security. Then the cat and rat's deadly game begins. When the tension is mounted, the mayor comes for a beautiful Cuban national. As his enemies come to her, his passion for her grows. The mayor remains the only link to the political defense of President Batista, but his rule is on the brink of collapse. If Havana falls, the mayor's dream is broken.
1881 ::: The Grasscutter (1990) ::: crime ::: A middle-land landscaper chases a quiet life in New Zealand, but soon he left behind his life-caught him in a faster pace and violent conclusion, all his previous beliefs broke out on slip.
1882 ::: Kinder des Satans (1995) ::: crime ::: When a student Haik's body is found, the police booked him as a suicide case. But Hick's girlfriend Vibke thinks otherwise. He believes that Satan disciples are involved in the case. When she confesses to her religious teacher, the situation increases. For details, director Skadwald describes the decay of an idea.
1883 ::: The Hangman Waits (1947) ::: crime ::: Hangman is waiting -This 1947 semi -documentary style features are photographed around the News of the World Press, an attempt to arrest some terrible murder perpetrators. An attractive movie produced by a 5 -star movie in Kenzington, a buffet studio, using press and movie media. A good historical scene of the news of the World Printing Factory and Victoria Station.
1884 ::: Live and Let Live (1921) ::: crime ::: While on a train trip, Mary Ryan goes to her old friend Jane Lumis. Maryam was once a professional thief but is now modified. Jane tells her that her uncle, Judge Lumis, has invited her to live with her and her family, but she plans to run away with her boyfriend instead. When the train reaches a city where the judge lives, Mary gets off and transfers himself as a denim. Complications have occurred.
1885 ::: Penitentiary Chances (1998) ::: crime ::: Greidity do something like the secret hit "Vaterials." Lower amount in Kick-started open movie. Follow the two households ready to take "the way to be used" to exit Barrio from working for drug dealers. Travel into the places where people don't see - where business is running in a great risk!
1886 ::: Krov za krov (1991) ::: crime ::: The last year of the Soviet Union, the time of constant turmoil, meetings and demonstrations. The Major Police Kazantsev is assigned to lead a team that investigates theft and killing of a prominent former Army General. To find a criminal he is forced to contact several people in many Soviet cities while trying to keep a relationship with a beautiful woman Elena he just met accidentally on the train.
1887 ::: "Sledaki" (2011) ::: crime ::: The research section (SLEDAKI) looks like a regular police department ... a bunch of unresolved items, relationships in this section are not easy ... but as a result of teamwork, care and compassion with other heroes over all problems and on them Together they solve all the problems.
1888 ::: Le polygraphe (1996) ::: crime ::: Lucy Shampanes are given the image of the victim, Marie Claire, a real, unresolved man. The peer of Cori Clair was accidental, Lucy's neighbor Frankois. He is suspicious in the continuous investigation and is not sure about his innocence, but he is a girl from his former daughter Alibi, Claude. François polygraph (lie detector) ended with his ideas when the test was not clear and second tests.
1889 ::: White Collar Blue (2002) ::: crime ::: The new detective will be added to the largest crime team in the southern south of Sydney. Contains tensions occur, especially when the component kinalon is called to kill and is a new suspect.
1890 ::: Cidade Ameaçada (1960) ::: crime ::: The story of Passarinho, one of the most dangerous Brazilian criminals. He and his gang terrorized Săo Paulo with their robberies for several years. Pasarinho notorious for his despite against the authorities, was the hottest news in the city and also managed to find love accompanied by a hard -working woman.
1891 ::: Furyô banchô (1968) ::: crime ::: Nishikawa is the leader of the new UKU motorcyclegang and a small time scammer. He lived for money, but couldn't hit the jackpot. If he hits it with a yakuza daughter, his luck will change. When he was involved in a plan to intimidate yakuza gangs and land developers, he realized that he might have chewed more than he could.
1892 ::: Miami Uncovered (????) ::: crime ::: Unexpected competitive partner, Dani and Charlie, Miami Dad State Attorney Investigator, Great Miami to Foreign Morocco, land in stunning bills in search of criminals. Based on true events and with some of the world's most beautiful place scenes ... "Miami opened," while a serious crime is filled with drama, cheerful and unusual circumstances, as well as a unique expansion assignment and expansion , It makes the story stands out of other friends, spy police films which have been produced. The main detective, Dani is lucky that he is always looking for his senior partner. Never before has this true story mentioned, which highlights the mutual action and lifestyle of some Miami families, which is running from the police.
1893 ::: "Vennori: Murdered - Soul Suspect" (2014) ::: crime ::: Ronan O'Connor is killed by a brutal and relentless killer. Ronan returns as a ghost and will not rest in peace until he resolves his own murder using his ghostly powers. Along the way to find his killer, Ronan is also helped by Joy, a girl who has not only witnessed Ronan's death, but can also see and speak to ghosts (including Ronan.)
1894 ::: The Rat (1925) ::: crime ::: When bored etiquette Zelie de Chamet begs her lover, corrupt and powerful status, to slum her, the pair Pierre Baucaran, aka 'The Rat', Paris Underworld's boy-king and innocent Odile Facing Love, life and jewelry are at risk and are lost in this powerful romantic melodrama because the life of four characters is replaced by this opportunity encounter forever.
1895 ::: La ferme aux loups (1943) ::: crime ::: Bastien and Foret are a journalist and photographer working together as a team in the newspaper "L'Co Du Jour". Just as they are about to go out at the weekend with Mickey, their president's secretary, they are sent to the crime scene to report a Russian killing called "Le Mogik".
1896 ::: Irish Stand Down (2018) ::: crime ::: Rent-gallyhared is your average 60 years old, 2nd generation Irish, Irish, mill running, land, land, land, gangster. But Ray has a problem, it is to be placed with a "blind", naked box, with a nude gangland boss, a tall man. Over time, it is a problem with the light, the difficulty of his work, and the casino belongs to his opponent.
1897 ::: CH7 (2004) ::: crime ::: Tina, a young Swiss filmmaker, is tired of working for Ch7, the first private television channel in Switzerland. She decides to change her life and produce her own film. She plans to acquire the necessary money by stealing a bank, during everything that hunted by one of her former colleagues who heard of her plans.
1898 ::: Columbine Avenue (????) ::: crime ::: When the smuggler of Frank Monana is arrested and goes to Lam, his two younger brothers are involved in collecting money in his dangerous business than he gets away from the country away from the law he wants to bring him alive and the Mexican cartels that he wants They want to die, bring him out.
