1 ::: One Night More (2017) ::: romance ::: One night, more story of the city's internal romance in modern London and how two people can meet and change each other's life to make them think differently in themselves and how change is inevitable and firmly. We explore the synod, albeit brief, between Rose, the ambitious photographer, who meets with our parasites - a dancer. The film gives a unique and negative perspective and possibly sadness about love and attractiveness and how people may not be attracted at the end of the day to each other, and they should simply learn how to move to the next thing, whatever that may require it. The story does not try to say anything big or new regarding romance other than "perfect teenager" to be present in a relationship that does not see permanent potential only for installation.
2 ::: Aas (1953) ::: romance ::: A husband and wife live in wealthy life and Bomore, Kishore, Kishore, Koscha, his father, a Wiarchan servant, and three other employees. It makes life working closest to the business of a flora source. One day the Kishore is despised, a ashuman complaining to the police and put the reward of thousand rupees. A young woman named Asher, a poor person, himself was found, as she was found in reference to the house. Asha asked to receive any money. Shortly thereafter, Ashop Ads for the state of the main, Assha, haunted him to live. Soon he and Ashok fell in love, great for Chagrish brother's brother agenthogether of Aheka, who wanted him to marry his brother. Ashoko works in Ashok, Ashha, the army overcame the battle of Ashha, begating a boy, and bunna. Aska and Ashos are told to ignore Kiskore; The volume of an unparalleled voice, but the realm of Mlament for the kishore is missing, and next to the Great Munna; the cat dies after drinking milk for Kishore. Ashok is angry Adhook this angry Adhore and ask her to go, he takes a munna at the book. The question is still: Asa neglect, steal and try to kill the kosile looks or other than unknown?
3 ::: Apoorva Raagangal (1975) ::: romance ::: پرسننا (کمال هاشان) نرسي سته سته سته سته سته Both are brought to each other and they decide to marry their age gaps, and a last relationship that still is closed. At the same time the same time starts in touch with a young girl's father of Listana's father (Sangrajan) Both relationships are referred to be new to add unexpected new variable. A few brave conceptuals were put on in, but rely on standardized Towel TownDaderma Milography and wonderful segment.
4 ::: Do Dil (1965) ::: romance ::: Manu is the Prince of the Kingdom heir who has now decided by Ranimaa. He likes to know what his going on, and changes his prince, and wears as an ordinary man, and goes around the territory. He encounters gorgeous bile, and both come in love. When a bile introduces her to her father, he identifies himself as a bad. He then notes that soldiers from his palace are running young women from this community. After his return to the palace, he finds that the soldiers were acting on the orders of Kunver Pratap Singh, and he immediately stops it. This raises Pratap Singh, and he is planning to vindicate this humiliation, with such a devious plan that will endanger the life of Manu, the Ranimaa, as well as bile and people in her community.
5 ::: Love 10 to 1 (2009) ::: romance ::: Three stories, intervoven, every Los Angeles in the city of Angeles discovers a different aspect of love discovery. Lead letters are interconnected, but not necessary, and each thread works more or less independently. The first story is the 29 -year -old Virgin, Jenny's life, who wants to lose her virgin before her 30th birthday. Her dates face a loser one after another, whose pines after her boss, dustin. When his grandmother's retirement home, whose sex and the meaning of life learns his grandmother's powerful lesson. The second L.A. Rock band Dirty Virgin's lead singer searches for two days of Shane's life. Shane has a choice of her fans but she is her roommate dustin with whom she wants to be. Shane confessed to having a feeling towards the "mysterious man" at the radio show, but when Dustin meets Kali, Shane's shot on love begins to decline. With the launch of a world tour with Dirty Virgin, will Dustin realize that she is intended for Shane's affection? Will they risk their friendship to give this love song a chance? The final story is where Love is 10 to 1 left, but from the point of view of Dirty Virgin's guitarist gym. Jim looks at the swimming pool, trying hard to overcome the fear of diving. In fact, he finds out that she is making a list of everything that she is afraid and tries to control them, one by one. She is immediately offended and tries to assure her that she is not just a rock star who loves 'M' and leaves 'M'. Can a Rock Star be found in love with a virgin?
6 ::: "Sabor a ti" (2004) ::: romance ::: After the successful engineer Leonardo Lombardi captures his beloved wife Raiza by deceiving her with his best friend Federico, he meets Miranda, who should give up her studies of the medical pediatrician in order to help the family its with their financial difficulties. Things even deteriorate when the family will be expelled, when the owner of the building, who is actually Leonardo, hires Miranda to take care of his two children and the sick grandfather. Despite his constant unbelief in women, Leonardo soon falls in love with Miranda. But to ensure a happy life in the future, their relationship will have to stand against Raiza's anger.
7 ::: The Siren of Seville (1924) ::: romance ::: The story of a young man from a small city who wants to play on Broadway. His father sends him to NYC to have his throwing in the nightlife. He arranges a job for his son in the city, but also looks that the young man becomes as many problems as possible. Everything continues as planned until the young man meets a young telephone operator. He had gotten into trouble in the past, but comes in much more as he defended her. The film has a surprising but satisfying end. It was filmed in the heart of the city and also on the Lower East Side. Rod La Rocque plays the role of Roger Bentley and Dorothy Gish plays the telephone operator. Ernest Torrance is the father.
8 ::: Love, How I See It (????) ::: romance ::: A young woman named Anna always wants love, but after a failed relationship after the other, it seemed that she would never find him. Until one day, she meets a young man named Sam. Anna and Sam fall on the heels for each other, and yet there is something very strange in their relationship.
9 ::: Slushaya tishinu (2007) ::: romance ::: Listen to the silence is the title. Young woman-name- arrives in Moscow to study at the Conservatory and thinks her sister, alley, will help her with a place to stay. However, her sister can only offer her to live in the hospital where her son is waiting for a kidney transplant. Meanwhile, the only source of money for them is a rich family, more precisely Dmitry, a football "businessman", for whom Alya works as a cleaning lady. Then comes the romance between Nastia and Dmitry, but ...
10 ::: Montparnasse-Pondichéry (1994) ::: romance ::: Montparnasse-Pondichery is a metro station in Paris. When a 40 year old woman gets lost after too many drinks, she does not know that the station will change her life ...
11 ::: Time Please (2013) ::: romance ::: Amruta, a Babli girl who married 24 mature Hishi (30). She is alive and loud when he is composed and subtle. After marriage they begin to find differences between their likes, expressions and opinions. The real play begins when Hishi's colleague Radhika and Amruta's childhood Buddy come in the movie Himmatrao. Immediately the game begins with love, care, transparency and insecurity. At this stage, they learn about their reactions. Some short moments of truth, faith, anger, and evidence make huge differences in any relationship.
12 ::: The Poetic Savage (????) ::: romance ::: A loving British letter love two different ways in a expected journey expected on the journey looked in the spine. Both are changing lives; One of the emotions and the other without question and the line cannot cancel. A lot of hazardous programs that make someone to know that the guy is a good love, the love and the mind. Oh, a girl called Cynas.
13 ::: Les vacances de Noël (2005) ::: romance ::: Alel Kinner in Jan Bucquoy is the two Belgin's Belgin and Life of Love, entering the attacks of the showbiz World Vote CoWe. The universe will be unlimited to become the movie for the combat between all generations through many occens. These meets are usually the Betty BattersWeet and always touch it. In the beloved book, nearly in love for love and pharays you accept time at the end of it.
14 ::: Kaal Kg Preethi (2017) ::: romance ::: 1/4 kg Breithi is everything about the journey of a young man (Guru) who is in love with his college colleague (Sri). Continue to transfer this to her, assuming that he might be rejected. But then, there were two cases that made us Guru and secretly to travel along the journey of life together. Come and see their journey full of fun, madness, battles and enjoyment!
15 ::: Udivi menya (2007) ::: romance ::: Stanislav - a successful and rich man living in a small town - surprises anything. He lives in accordance with his state of life: a beautiful woman near him, there are no restrictions on wasting money, drinking, and doing so crazy. Once drunk he stole the car. The old one after the drive is crashing. The car owner Elena comes from Moscow to give lectures on ancient Slavic culture. Inadvertently, Stanislav attends one of his lectures.
16 ::: "Shinira bulriwoon sanai" (2010) ::: romance ::: Michael King vows to retaliate the death of his parents. He believes he can use his power as chairman of a underground drug kingdom to punish those who hurt him. However, his beliefs are shocked when he falls in love with a reporter named Jin Bo Bae.
17 ::: Mice and Men (1916) ::: romance ::: Mark Embury is heading to create the perfect woman by adopting Peggy. His work is a success until the girl falls in love with another man. Eventually he has to give her up and get satisfied with knowing, he made the perfect woman, albeit for someone else.
18 ::: Kusatma altinda ask (1997) ::: romance ::: Ottomans are already heading towards the European continent by 1453. After defeating the feudal Turkish bees in East Anatolia and the Serb in the Western Thrace, they were invaded to Constantinople! Totally helpless, the Emperor of the Eastern Roman Empire Constantine XI turned towards the Pope for help. The latter insisted on the Church's union as a condition of sending support. Both the Notarus, Byzantine Commander and Jennadeos The monk are against the union. Anna, daughter of Notaras, falls in love with a mysterious night George, accused Sultan Go Y Chari. The city is in siege. Italian General Longo tries to protect the city walls, but injured. Help never come. The Ottoman armies are successful in entering the gates and the city comes. The names of the Sultan Mehmette "The Concerner" orthanbal's Zennades patriarchy names become the capital of the Ottoman Empire.
19 ::: Your Perfect Angel (????) ::: romance ::: Talls and Adler are one month from their wedding day. They are so much, so they are very convenient to each other, so they define Talah entertainment websites, which takes a compatibility test than your and Adler than ADLER!
20 ::: He yi sheng xiao mo (2015) ::: romance ::: In his university days, Zhao Mosheng fell in love with a law student at first sight. Through various incidents where Mosheng "Danta" to Jichen on campus, Mosheng's cheerful personality enchanted Yichen, and he gradually became the girlfriend of the college. When Yichen's foster sister Yimi Yimi's focus on Yuchin's attention When Mosheng was challenged, Mosheng replaced Yichen directly for clarification, but did not expect to receive a cold response from him. It is wrong that Yichen and Yimi are a couple, Mosheng followed his father's arrangement and He moved to the United States to continue his studies. After seven years, Mosheng - who is now a professional photographer - returns to China, and coincidentally faces bumps in unforgettable yichane. People are standing in the way of these star lovers: Foster-Sister Yimi; Mosheng's wedding in the United States; incredibly infected ex-husband Yinge; as well as a financial grinder among the couple's father. All these situations are all two ex-lovers Keep affecting, but instead, these misconceptions and challenges give them a better understanding of love in the last seven years.
21 ::: Ishk Actually (2013) ::: romance ::: Jia stands at the crossroads of her life, the arrow is in one direction toward Neil, and the caven is in the opposite direction. She works on making a decision when she is torn in the two world she lives. Love is an unexplored emotion that leads to a series of life changes. She is surprised at the timing of life, and she steps along the path she believes that she will lead to her true love.
22 ::: Jawab (1970) ::: romance ::: Raja (Jeetendra) lives with his sister of Ve Divya (Meena Kumari) in a small village. He is constantly becoming a target by the local oppressive zamindar and his two children, Sagar and Chanchal. The children of the landowner decide to retaliate against Raja by marrying Sagar to Raja's beloved heart. Zamindar also teases Raja's sister, who kills herself. With his married Neela and his dead sister, a destroyed Raja goes to the city. After he tries to unite his life and try to forget the past. Then he meets another victim of Zamindar, Eid (Mehmood), and together they create a plan to retaliate against their oppressors. The question is, will they succeed or will have more victims.
23 ::: Thai Girl (????) ::: romance ::: Just after graduation, Ben and his girlfriend, Emma, ​​embark on a trip to Thailand. It does not spend much time before they reach the blows and in the shapes. Ben is driven to explore the exotic surroundings of Paraíso de Koh Samet. There he meets the mysterious local Fon, a local masseuse on the beach. As Ben and Fon approach, we see what happens when two radically different worlds collide. Is this a summer romance or an encounter that will change their lives forever? Can they overcome their cultural differences and stay together or Ben will leave this fantasy and return to the real world at home?
24 ::: Une heure avec Alice (2011) ::: romance ::: Alice with two Paul studies at the University of Sorbonne University and Latin. After the study, the Alice Paul attracted the Alice and to talk to him. They share a picture of philosophical and philosophers today and continues to feel that they are going to move to fly: It's all about new waves since though that they are big. By contradictory opinions, is it reasonable to remember love, and to stay together?
25 ::: Une heure avec Alice (2011) ::: romance ::: Alice and Paul both study at the University of Sorbonne in the Latin district. After a course, Paul who is attracted to Alice, begins to speak with her. They share the same ideas on today's philosophy and philosophers, but although they continue their conversation, they realize that as far as cinema is concerned, they are not at all on the same length of 'Wave: It is everything for the new wave when it is definitely the current. With such contradictory points of view, is it reasonable to think of romance, especially since considering life together?
26 ::: Soundtrack to Sixteen (????) ::: romance ::: Messi is a 16-year-old self-conscious upset with her romantic inexperience, yet her first kiss. She tries hard to change her reputation but her social oppression constantly makes her herself embarrassed. Meanwhile, Ben, a BE fabit teenager to prove his intellectual ability, is struggling to organize when the A-level prove more difficult than expected. With each of their own obstacles, the two see themselves more and more isolation until they meet by chance on the bus. Finding a friend in one another, they begin to adjust their changing self-image before facing their biggest challenge: the exam season.
27 ::: The Allotment (????) ::: romance ::: What if you were able to permanently expand your time allocation on this earth? Charles and Mary Dubis have been given this opportunity. And when they accidentally meet the pilot/architect Jim Brooks, they give it an opportunity for eternal life and love. Is this an elaborate scandal or a lifetime change.
28 ::: "Painted Skin II" (2013) ::: romance ::: What sacrifices will a woman make to catch the heart of the man you love? Located during the Tang dynasty, a beautiful princess becomes transfigured after an accident. Princess Li Jing (Ying ER) then agrees to exchange her human heart with that of Fox Spirit, Xiao Wei (Michelle Bai), so that she can recover her physical beauty.
29 ::: Love Life (2006) ::: romance ::: A love story is closely noticed, Love Life carefully examines the sexual secret marriage of atmosphere and Mary Han. When an emotional meeting outside the marriage leaves Joe Joe with an emotional communication that he cannot break - and when she floats a beautiful friend from the years of Mary College with her own agenda, the marriage of comfort begins with cracking, and reveals the truth, strength and hope buried within each of them.
30 ::: November Rain (2014) ::: romance ::: Sheetal was a heart patient at birth. To save him, his father illegally swaps Sheetal's heart with myush, he was born on the same day. Ayush is declared dead for his real parents, but a nurse adopts and lifts him. After the death of the nurse, Ayush learns the truth and waits for his doom fate.
31 ::: Emilie Richards - Entscheidung des Herzens (2011) ::: romance ::: New Zealand's family farm is struggling to survive, but Megalander Williams wants to buy it. Nevertheless, the lost sister, Casey, is welcomed at home without many questions, even for a boy who is a former lover John, a former lover John, who was a prosecutor's office. A depthed priest who broke the confession secret is also hired.
32 ::: Cheesy love (2015) ::: romance ::: In one city in Puraguay Lifey Pariam, the Seller's friend who loves his friend if he tells him how he thinks. * China: Type of small, caused, cheese-floods, and famous food and breakfast and paraguay. It is cheap and often selling it on the streets from the bus from the shoppers carry a large basket.
33 ::: Wrong Number (2003/I) ::: romance ::: Four friends from the university: Khir Mother, Monty and Disari Love is played with those included by their phone name by logs and call it in cells. But when they label with Raj; They will find out their life is not the same again. Mahi and some her friends decided to play a phone through no system that results in numbers by recording Bonkry Depoles. The same day mahi is not a few patterns, telling him a few words, apologizing for the wrong number, and he will start this start in this start his life to be sure and trust.
34 ::: As You Like It (1992) ::: romance ::: Two brothers and sisters have used the power of his older brother. Fearful of this action, he plans to strike before torturing, so that many people around him run away, so that they soon end prematurely, hidden in industrial dysfunction and abandoned waterfront regions. Orlando is such a displaced fugitive, an angry young man because of a older brother Oliver, who has family luck and plot against him. Before fleeing, the Land Ralendo executive's niece, Rosalind, met and falls. Immediately, Rosiland must also be hidden, but for protection, Gennymade disguised. Garbage gets Orlando and "Genimade", but that Orlando does not recognize him, Rosalind/Gennymed made him a maneuver to take a lesson from him, to purify his romantic stupidity (test). Among new homeless people, these two do not just enter the trials of love and wolf.
35 ::: Laura está sola (2003) ::: romance ::: Laura is a young and independent girl, and seems to have always decided to have a sentimental life with her boyfriend. But one day, he met Ricardo, discovered what sex was, and forgot all kinds of taboos. Quoted every Wednesday: I just have sex, no questions.
36 ::: Fighting for Love (2020) ::: romance ::: Jasmine is with a man and now do it. Sight night, kisses and rules are breaking them. He repented of his world and now she does it with him. In this case they may cheat for each other? "
37 ::: Mohabbat (1997) ::: romance ::: The Mrs. Kapoor family consists of Madanlal, his wife, Geetarani, daughter, Roshni, and son, Gaurav. Once while Gaurav is returning home from the Oriental Commerce Bank, he is attacked by a group of shiva-led men, but a young man named Rohit Malhotra comes to his rescue. Gaurav hires Rohit in his firm, and both become fast and inseparable friends. The two unknowingly love the same woman, Shwieta Sharma, but Gaurav discovers and decides to get away. Shwieta and Rohit are in love and want to get married. Then Shiva attacks Rohit and threw the cliff. Believing that he is dead, Shwieta shocked and destroyed loses her voice. The capers discover that Gaurav loved Shwieta and approach her brother, Shekhar, and arrange their marriage. Shwieta reluctant gives her accent. Then it is starting to see Rohit, while Gaurav starts to get away from it, and is not known to everyone, hiding a deadly secret. The question remains is Shwieta delusional, and what exactly is Gaurav's secret who doesn't want anyone to know?
38 ::: Love Locks (2017) ::: romance ::: Lindsay Wilson, who has a successful local New York Art Magazine, is offering some proposals by the international publisher Trent Greer: he wants to buy her magazine to take it to a big market, who will be allowed to retain the consultant and her main staff; And he wants to dating with her. Lindsay's Assistant Maggie, she feels insane not to accept her date as it has taken into account the trent as the most beautiful person on the earth's face. Lindsay has a week -long visit to Paris with her eighteen -year -old daughter Alexa Wilson, and her mother is following her mother's footsteps at the Art Program at Sorbone. Teacher, Hugo Blanchet when she was a student there. Lindsay, who has not traveled to Paris in twenty years since she was a student, hopes that Alexa will not follow another in her Paris footsteps, falling in love when she is there. Lindsay fell in love with an American named Jack Buro, an American named American, a businessman with primary holdings in Europe, and Jack broke her heart by not returning to States after her art studies. The symbolic element of that heartbreak is that the lock that they will be handed over to one of the bridges on the scene to refer to their love is accidentally falling into the river. As soon as Lindsay and Alexa come to Paris, Lindsay runs into the jack. Although their meeting was a surprise to both of them, it was not as accidental as it first appeared. Although he was dating a woman named Nicole, he was a little developed in this relationship, and Jack quickly falls in love with Lindsay, what happened twenty years ago and now they live in two different established worlds to tell her. Alexa's meeting and a student in Sorbonne, who is a student of Belboy, Jean-Pal, and recently a widow's British tourist Catherine Daltri, their encounters, without her, is the first time in Paris, Lindsay and Jack. But the biggest aspect of Trent's Paris's arrival, beyond the problem of work and magazine, Lindseni takes steps to wipe her feet.
39 ::: Aawaz (1956) ::: romance ::: Mr. Bhatnagar alias Masterji comes from a poor family and lives every day. He has a daughter and a son, along with his wife, who has deceived him to believe that he has saved enough money to retire and marry his daughter. The Masters Dreams turn into a nightmare, as he is unable to meet his debtors, loses his work and dies tragically, leaving his daughter at the mercy of a cruel society; His son, who has taken the crime, and his poor and poor wife.
40 ::: Love is Not Love (2018) ::: romance ::: By the eye of the report and Siren comes to an apocalypse. The connection between men and women are broken and supports them that they are not fixed. Frank, married 60 cities, appear on the streets of the community roads revealing they are all in love. Frank is participating in pursuing hunting, as he chases Rewna, Mexican leader-American-American-American - has been carved, 40 is there. When they meet, everyone attempts to make other mates change their spouse. They fail. When Valentine's on Valentine's and Valentine, Frank tells Paua, his wife 30 years old, his dream and tragedy that says their lives. As they die he told him, dreaming: "I am happy to have you been to you." Paula caused him to repeat that. He does it. They opened each other. In the final place, Ryna again cross in Frank road.
41 ::: Badmaash (2016) ::: romance ::: "Badmaash" in front of a urban background, an exciting romantic, a clever, playful and humorous boy, a rhoad and a passionate Canada who tries to try through street plays and street plays Theater teaches the non -Indians and Indian culture to the non -Indians. From its first encounter, Vijy creates a serious charm for Priya, which ultimately becomes love. When everything looks great and romantic, when a cruel and at the same time a very intelligent evil, the tone of the story changes suddenly. From now on, how does Vigi use her brain like Chanakia to gain her love, which is what "badmaash" is about. "Badmaash" is a very convenient and based on the heroic character - which is a man. Badmaash is a characteristic of the character that cheats you and gets away with a smile on your face right in front of you. The story of the film is like reading a newspaper that covers news of politics to cricket, cinema to the media and astrology to scandals. "Badmaash" with countless twists, "Badmaash" is a romantic trailer that goes to the peak of unusual gas and nails. What is waiting for the audience at the end of the audience puts them on the sidelines of their seats.
42 ::: Intimity (2014) ::: romance ::: The discount is a romantic peel of a film that is a thin film, where loving couples can understand their loved ones when they solve certain problems with their age and individuals. Teenagers feel the first romantic love; Young artists try to interact with their privacy; The self-destructive boogemic guy meets a religious clean person; Cheating must make a fateful decision; Lazy zinc falls in love with unexpectedly; Self-performing old people try to approach the future with failed; Love is also associated with the life of a high-level call girl. All stories come to a conclusion that brings hope to the future. Basically, these seven stories are one big love story.
43 ::: Betting on the Bride (2017) ::: romance ::: The fanatical health Melanie (Karissa Lee Staples) has gone back from not one but three weddings with the last one seeing it escaped at the last minute from the church. That is why she decided to ignore men for a while and focus on her business with her sister. Damon (Peter Mooney) is a bachelor committed to mocks to all his teammates who have established and had children but is confident that he can seal the deal when he ever wants. That is why he takes a bet from his boss in the trading company that works in what he cannot meet with a woman and gets her to say yes within 30 days of meeting her. The trouble is that having Melanie to fall for him is harder than he thought and so he genuinely begins to have feelings for her that complicates things especially when one of her ex discovers that Damon was just going as a bet.
44 ::: "OK Jaanu" (2017) ::: romance ::: Janu is a rich 19 -year -old girl, and has a family who can do anything to see her smile. She lives with her family and meets heroes. Lam, a middle -class boy, fled his family and escaped from the arranged witness. What happens when they meet?
45 ::: Beautiful Beast (2013) ::: romance ::: In a touch of classical beauty and beast tale, Isabelle is all the beauty - outside. A worldly Glamor-Queen, she spends her days spoiling and spending money as if it gets rid of. When Isabelle is injured and lost in an isolated winter land, she stumbles on the solitude of Jeremy, a man hiding from both the world and his past. He is the first person to put Isabelle in her place, and Isabelle realizes that she could be more stupid than she wants. Thanks to Jeremy's influence, she begins to change - and fall in love. But will she come back to the beast and abandon her chance of really love when he returns home?
46 ::: June (2016/III) ::: romance ::: In a summer night a restless man cannot sleep. In his garden, rocking from the near sea sound, he arranges with his imagination through his obsessions: the mercenary likes to carry it in contact with himself, desperately looking for a kind of happiness ...
47 ::: Milyonerin kizi (1966) ::: romance ::: The handsome Ali meets Leyla at the airport, it appears that Ali works for Leyla's father. Leyla wants to be close to Ali and becomes his secretary. She prevents Ali's friends from talking to him. They get married, but Ali's ex-lovers give him no rest. Leyla becomes jealous. She has a plan and uses their neighbor Abdul Osman and pretends to be attracted to him, but she still tells Osman that she just wants to make her husband jealous. Osman tells Ali that Leyla is not with him, although Leyla tells the opposite! Ali confronts Leyla with Osman and everything turns out to be fake. Ali promises that she does not deceive her and all problems are arranged.
48 ::: Crossroads (2019) ::: romance ::: As Coven Vampire North, and the owner of Casino and Club Moroii, alpha billionaires have a good and unbelievable look and appearance for any man. She is a husband and grandfather, but she is also a vampire. His wife, Leila, is human, and his son is a human being and a half-vampire Dhampir-but to live with his wife and son, he wants to become human again. As a brilliant physician and scientist, Leila has developed sunlight, and friends who work on vampire treatment, but is Lancers ready to leave her vampire and become human again? Or will he decide for him to live his wife and son and destroy his entire covenant? What path does he choose in the intersection?
49 ::: Khimiya shuvstv (2008) ::: romance ::: Boris is a world -renowned scientist, working on serious issues of chemistry, his wife Natalia is a music teacher. The young couple would be happy if they could just have children ... But the doctor's sentence is terribly strict - both Boris and Natalia are healthy, but because of physiological compatibility, they will not be able to give birth to a new man. Natalia goes to Crimea to spend time with her own self ... There she meets the producer of films Sergei, who is trying to understand some remarkable views of future shootings. For Natalia, it is just a method to leave all the problems after a while. Sergege hopes to start a romantic relationship. Boris cannot put up with the doctor's conclusion, he wants Natalia to be happy. That's how he left Crimea to speak.
50 ::: "Bai jin nu wang" (2011) ::: romance ::: The story of the story is about a girl who left her mother as a child. After growing, he will find money and becomes a model that does not like the poor. He is ready to save and support money just with money. When there is a fashion exhibition in Paris, he will meet with a male music student. They start with death after one night stand.
51 ::: "Tao Hua xiao mei" (2009) ::: romance ::: In a family of six children, Tao-Hua ('Cyndi Wang' (QV)) is also the youngest and only girl! Her four older brothers, Chen Chi ('Ken Zhu' (QV)), Chen Cheng ('Chun-Tian Lan' (QV)), Chen Chuan ('Sphinx sound') and Chen he ( Godfrey Gao '(QV)), try to destroy every chance she has in a life of love by placing impossible rules about the appropriate men. One rainy day, Tao-Hua meets see Lang ('Jiro Wang' (QV)) and immediately falls for it. Despite the above-mentioned academic standards see Lang and high quality character, the Tao-Hua brothers only tighten their control. To add her problems, she also needs to compete with Kung Hui-Chi ('Chia-Ying Lee' (QV)) for love see Lang. Will Tao-Hua gain its independence and see heart Lang?
52 ::: Bhama Kalapam (2005) ::: romance ::: The story is developed mainly by a criminal lawyer who married popstar Anjari and wants to kill her for her wealth. Bardan Serle is in love with Aditia, but he has another plan. He complained of his wife's murder and decided to borrow Sailu's help. From here, the story makes an interesting turn. See the full movie BHAMA KOLAPAM online. Only with Eros now.
53 ::: A Concert for Rain (2013) ::: romance ::: Rona is a vocalist of a rock local group. He lives with his bigger sister and son -in -law. After graduating from college, he continues his trip to music when others are looking for the right job. Bully a new participant in the neighborhood is a self -addicted woman who is a teacher and lives with her mother. One day, this two people from the opposite world are found in the roof. At first glance, Bully began to HTE Rono, while Rono was curious about mature bullies. The day is gone, Rhone has to leave music, even though Bulie. But fate was cruel. Buly became ill. Rhone has no other way to organize a concert to raise some money for treatment.
54 ::: Yankesicinin aski (1965) ::: romance ::: Osman and Hacer are two pickpockets that are in love. Your life changes because the rich valley acelic is dead. Talat leaves the majority of his granddaughter Nalan and the rest to his employees under a state, Nalan has to marry his older brother's son. Osman (the son) is ready to marry Hacer and reject the proposal. Sekip gives Osman's father his ID to start preparing for the marriage. Osman is married to Nalan, which makes Hacer angry. Osman tells Nazli everything. Nalan knows nothing about her marriage. It's all Sekip's plan. With the lawyer on it, Osman Nazli convinces to stay married. Nalan falls in love with her. Hacer begins to work in a night club. Osman asks about her forgiveness and says Nazli that he wants to divorce. Nalan only accepts it for him to be happy, she gives him a share in the inheritance and the small house in the garden. Hacer and Osman live happy forever.
55 ::: Une heure avec Alice (2011) ::: romance ::: Alice and Paul both study at the University of Sorbonne in the Latin district. After a course, Paul who is attracted to Alice, begins to speak with her. They share the same ideas on today's philosophy and philosophers, but although they continue their conversation, they realize that as far as cinema is concerned, they are not at all on the same length of 'Wave: It is everything for the new wave when it is definitely the current. With such contradictory points of view, is it reasonable to think of romance, especially since considering life together?
56 ::: Find Love (2006) ::: romance ::: "Find Love" is the second feature by UK writer/director Erica Dunton. The story is partially improved and partially written by two foreigners who are not looking for love, but find it anyway. It is a twenty -four -hour romantic journey that really catches that first feeling of falling for someone. Alexie Gilmore and Christian Camargo lead in this very true, almost documentary feature, They are supported by an extraordinary caste including Craig Sheffer, Traci Dinwiddie and Cullen Moss.
57 ::: Sehnsucht nach Neuseeland (2009) ::: romance ::: Trough Notary Nolan Davies, the late James Abbott left his New Zealand estate for the perplexed niche editor of New York, Paige Duvall. She delays a $ 1,000,000 agreement with Douglas Lancaster to collect the inheritance and agrees in principle to sell to the regional magnate Steven Armstrong, who wants to build a hotel there. When visiting the farm, he seduces him both for the pristine landscape and for the local sheep farmer Adam Leary, who lives there with the lovely son Jake and Maori Nanna. Respecting the native heritage also obtains a new dimension when a family secret is discovered, but it is reluctant to dispute the sale, although lawyer Maoru Haki Tamahori.
58 ::: Kaminnyy gost (2012) ::: romance ::: Her district lawyer, she was trapped in the days of ending. She lost her beloved husband five years. However, soon, she will notice one's presence in her apartment: things can be broken or reorganized when she is away ... will she lose her mind? Or is she trying to get in touch with her dead husband? Her friend continues to say ... and then she ties to her husband's spirit and Oh Miracle, he answers. She sees proof everywhere ... and she is happy again, even though he is just a ghost, she is in love with her life. And then he appears. Or instead of the chimney shaft falls down. He was the one who fled, designed for the murder he did not do. He was in contact with her this whole time. So she helps: she justifies him and wins the case. Somewhere along this emotional roller-coaster she finds her past pain, her dead husband and peace. He, her chimney guest, is still there when she starts with her clean slate ...
59 ::: Tomándote (2000) ::: romance ::: After the co -director (the episode of the smell), Isabel Galdera makes a solo debut in the comedy of the city. This does not move away from everyday situations such as immigrants. Gabi, an Indian Muslim who works at a flower shop, lives many people, liberal state is an erotic story writer who is not very suitable for her new boyfriend's conservative mentality. Many characters cross the road among couples: Gabi's mother, your sister, friend's friend, or ex -lover.
60 ::: Chand Ke Paar Chalo (2006) ::: romance ::: Anisa and her family move from the lower middle class to Laknau to glittering Mumbai. Anisa has opportunities with the family of glittering Singania, the publishers of Girls Desi Girls, and she struggles to make room for herself in this new glamorous world.
61 ::: Yeonae (2005) ::: romance ::: A-Jin is the mother of two children and the husband of a husband with deep financial difficulties. To increase her income, she works for a phone service for sex. After a random meeting with Madame Kim, she is offered work at a bar all night, acting as a companion for lonely men. She is uncomfortable as the level of services she should provide for increases until one day they meet a client who does not seem to treat her gently and with love. Can he be the one for her, the one who takes her from all this?
62 ::: Travesti (2006) ::: romance ::: A young Russian actor refuses to work for a powerful and powerful manager, so he will sign his signature with a small and poor company, but soon he will find that the manager of the poor company is just as sense. In a luck strike, the actor presents the lead role in the new film. But he is trapped for three years and is limited by the contract. The only way out is to get in touch with this leading actor, who is a medium director toy. But this is a serious crisis for all parties involved ...
63 ::: Freundinnen (1994) ::: romance ::: Almonds about her relationship with Sofia Peter. One day when he is in the middle of suicide he meets Olga, which helps him during the night. Both women know each other better and both have some difficulties with their lovers. Although they are both quite different, they attract each other. Sofia also begins to fascinate from Olga's lover.
64 ::: Kaal Kg Preethi (2017) ::: romance ::: 1/4 kg Preethi is all about the journey of a young man (Guru) who comes in love with his College teammates (SRI). He refrained from delivering it to her, assuming it could be denied. But then there were a few cases that made Guru and Sri to travel along the journey of life together. Come and see their journey that is loaded with pleasure, craziness, fight and enjoy!
65 ::: "Dao Kiang Duen" (2014) ::: romance ::: Darika is the granddaughter of an outward director. She is a strongly -hearted and independent young woman looking for money as her most important refuge. Fate happens to have her stumbling head over heels when she meets Prajan, a successful man with perfect background and qualities.
66 ::: Achter glas (1981) ::: romance ::: Radio-reporter sees a window-vesser and becomes a lover. Their relationships start well but after a while they turn into a power conflict between a very different background and two people of interests.
67 ::: The She Devil (1918) ::: romance ::: Lolette (Theda Bara), an exotic and energetic peasant lives in the small Spanish town of Juanguera. Although ardently courted by the native swains, and particularly a bandit named The Tiger, Lolette prefers Maurice Tabor, a French artist who has come to Juanguera to paint. Because she refuses to take her to Paris, Lolette accepts a gift of tiger steal jewels and follows Maurice to France. With Lolette as his model, Maurice paints brilliantly, and soon becomes a sensation of Paris. One night, Lolette performs a Spanish dance on stage, and the next day, signs contracts with several entrepreneurs, accepting the anticipated payment of all. Fearing her arrest, Maurice instas her to accompany him back to Spain, but the Tigre attacks her coach and imprisons them. However, at a party held in his honor, Lolette urges the tiger to drink, and when he is unconscious, she and Maurice escape.
68 ::: Andala Rakshasi (2012) ::: romance ::: Andhala Rakshasi is set during the innocent days of 1991. It is staged for three pure hearts Surya, Gowtham and Midhuna and is about falling in love, forgotten and waiting for love. The story celebrates both love and exposes his dark side of tormenting his customers to pursue it. The three characters resemble the three heavenly bodies of sun, moon and earth. Located by the power of love, the three individuals cannot get close or cut off, but are destined to turn around the loved ones. In this pursuit of pure love they will be thrown at destinations that they had never thought. Goutham, who is the son of a rich father, leads an independent normal life ... One day he sees Mithuna and he falls in love, but will not acknowledge it, meanwhile Surya, an artist, also loves Mithuna and she falls for Him ... ... Later an accident in Mithuna changes the life of the trio ...
69 ::: "Suo Meng Lou" (2012) ::: romance ::: There is a building called "Suomeng Lou". It is said that this building is built for connubial love. Jiangs do silk business for generations. However, until the early Republic of China, only one widow is in Jiang's family, which adheres to traditional standards and manages Jiang's family business. As society changes, a Shanghai dancer girl arrives at the Jiangs. She is pregnant and wants to marry the eldest son of the Jiangs. In addition, the second son of the Jiangs, who is myopic and wise, is willing to marry a poor girl who does not want to become a member of the Jiangs. In that traditional society, the conflict of the three women is inevitable. The dancer wants to be a member of the Jiangs, but is disapproved by Jiangs. Then find their ways to challenge the dignity of the Jiangs. While that poor girl, who has married the family, challenges the rigid system and traditions from the inside. In addition, the conservative widow does everything possible to defend traditional standards in Jiangs. Finally, Jin Feng and Zhou Qing make a big difference in Jiangs. "Suomeng Lou" opens again, which becomes a new beginning for Jiangs.
70 ::: Sabah yildizi (1968) ::: romance ::: Orphans grow neuvinit Mehet Bay. He works as a tutor for the well family. She gets a letter about her husband, but he never married. He goes to Istanbul and knows he inherited serious inheritance, he will get it to the neuts and to marry the artist. Nevels did not believe in him because he was a victim of Mehit Bay, because he married a false neuyn and entered Dowry. Nevzat agrees to marry newine. Nevels that he is a simple girlfriend because he is a simple girlfriend of the village. When Nevels are abroad, Kamil Camil turns a girl into a khan. Nevat returns and distinguishes Nevin. Then he meets nevine that has become very beautiful and attractive. Nevzhyz wants to be in love with her and marry her. Nevin explains the little game to Nevel, and now they are really married and happy ..
71 ::: "Blissful Dandelion" (2013) ::: romance ::: On her 12th birthday, Lin Chia-Thung's ('Kai-Suwan Tijeng' (QV)) was crashed into the life of their special right when her father declared bankrupt and sent to jail. Despite her terrible situation and the abuse she received in the hands of relatives, she maintains her positive and looks at the future with optimism. What changes are for Lin Chia-Tung, the most rich and pampered, sung Li-Hasing ('Dance Tang' (QV), when to come to the scene?
72 ::: Intu Mintu Londonma (????) ::: romance ::: Into Mintu London-Ma is a romantic play about two modern-day Nepalese persons who struggle to run a nice line between tradition and modernity. While Ishaan (Intu) and Mira (Mintu) are met by their ordinary friends in London, they inadvertently depend on a difficult choice that they have to find their destiny for each other. Do you follow your tradition or follow your heart?
73 ::: Yeh Ishq Nahin Aasaan (1984) ::: romance ::: Architecture and poet Akhmed Ahmed Ahmed Ahmed Salim lives in Nizamuddin, in India, a widow with a widow. He returns to success with Shirazi and the company. Thus, he met his attractive neighbor's Salma khan, and they both fell in love with their widow women very much, which promised to marry the mother Anvar. He commands him to leave home, and when he was preserved, he sells his house, and he decided to get to Lahore and Pakistan. Salim tries to stop them, but Hamid attacks him and leaves it. Salim is restored, but it is larger to alcohol and alcohol, and the named named Fulran. His mother is associated and makes it to marry his new neighbors's daughter, he is reluctant to him. Now he is married with a woman who does not love, he often goes to the edges of Salim Fulrani, he hopes to reconsider his lover - it knows that a vacation is not easy for her to rest.
74 ::: Shining Star (2012) ::: romance ::: Shining Star is a group piece in Alex Cash, a talented bisexual athlete who has HIV after choosing to play in professional basketball abroad. He keeps this secret from everyone he loves. She meets a young actress who loves her and is the last to know about her secret and sexual orientation. The writer/director of Cassandra Ridic makes her first game in a film about friendship, love and forgiveness. This is a intimate look at this young man's life that changes life forever when he is positive for HIV.
75 ::: Tum... Ho Na! (2005) ::: romance ::: In the convertible, two female friends are trapped with a long and attractive Anazly flat tire. Unable to change the tire, they wait until someone helps them. Then they see the vehicle's head, the driver Jai Walia, the former major in the Indian Army and the present business executive. He helps them, and when Anjali and Jai locked the eyes - it's love at first glance. After a while the two are married and settles in life in harmony and love. Then one day Anjali comes to the phone from a woman who warned Jai's affair, and she should check his napkin for lipstick marks. Anjali does so, and find lipstick marks on them, when she faces Jaini, he denies having an affair with anyone. Then Anjali, during a visit to Jai's office, found his secretary Maheck rubbing his back and shoulders. Again, she finds Jaini on the couch with an unknown young woman in their spare bedrooms. Anjali's unknown thing is that Jaiki has an affair with a drug addict with a man named Rema with a gun with Jai's finger seals-a gun used to kill Mukhtar.
76 ::: Fighting for Love (2020) ::: romance ::: Jasmine was obsessed with a man and is now obsessed with him. Steam nights, kisses and broken rules are awaiting them. He reversed his whole world, and now he is doing it with himself. In this free fall, can they fall from each other? "
77 ::: Fighting for Love (2020) ::: romance ::: The grumin loved a man and now he surrounded her. The inconvenience night, kissing and regulations want their break. He turned his whole world in a lol and now do with the lions. In this free autumn, can they survive each other? "
78 ::: Coffee Ani Barach Kahi (2015) ::: romance ::: What happens when two young people start picking each other? Someone takes the initiative, expresses emotions and then if both look the same, and they click. However, what happens when Jai and Neid are found is a Come Medi of mistakes. Jai is a girl whose romance ideas bloom by following all Hindi films. While forbidden love is an illusion, it is amazed by the fact that people are very desperate to fall in love. How typical it can be, but the fact is contrary. Falling in love turns out to be a simple process for Jai. When Nishad tries to figure out how he can choose anyone like Jai. It becomes difficult to digest. After a lot of thinking, there is no other option except to accept the fact that she has fallen for her. They like each other, so the next step will be 'the person asks'. The JAI proposal has come from Nishad, when he thinks he will reach there. So even after choosing each other, they stick to their opinions because they are stubborn, unless they have to make a final decision until they have an event. Do they meet or participate in their way? Well, we all know the end. Although the film is not about the destination, it is a film about the tour that ends with the beginning.
79 ::: No Strings Attached (2009/II) ::: romance ::: Andy is searching for Mr. Wright and Klier who does not believe in unilateral marriage. After meeting Justin at the dating site, Andy hopes that it is he who is supposed to be with him. Meanwhile, Claire was arrested between Ethan and Jonathan. A movie about love and unconventional relationships.
80 ::: Kirsitubakas (2014) ::: romance ::: Cherry Tobacco is about a small town girl, Laura, who is constantly bored. His mother goes to his veins, boys of his age are stupid and whatever he wants to do, he seems to be childish. One day Laura's energetic friend Merit invites her to an increase for a swamp led by a middle-aged nature-lover, called Josep. The beginning of the trip is anything, but promising: the relationship between the reserved girl and the outgoing josep- the ship, which tries to impress the hiking party with its hill style and bizarre rituals, becomes stressful. But for his own surprise, Laura realizes that as the hike continues, he is fascinated by the rugged attraction of Josep. The search is coming to its irrefutable end and Laura has to decide whether a relationship with an old man is the only step with a winding road to become a woman or whether it is her first love. This is a story about falling in love for the first time. For psychological reasons and due to social norms, it becomes more difficult to decide - especially if the feelings that are awakened are directed to a large man.
81 ::: Aas (1953) ::: romance ::: Ashok's widow lives with his son Kushor, aunt, a servant, Chandanda and three other employees, living a wealthy lifestyle in Mumbai, India. He earns a living that makes an export and import trade near the spring of Flora. One day Kushor escapes, a disappointing Ashuk complains to the police and receives a thousand rupees. A young woman named Asha, who has a weak lifestyle, all finds Kushor alone, bringing her to the sheriff's office, where she is chosen by Ashok and goes home. Asha refuses to get money. Shortly thereafter, Ashok promotes the position of a Governess, ASSHA applies, hired and moves to live with them. Soon he and Ashok fall in love with Ashok, who wants to marry his niece. However, Ashok marries Ansa, the family lives in harmony, and Asha son of son, Mona. It is then referred to as Ashok that Asha neglects Kushor. The necklace that was cheap, but a good thing for Kushor disappears and is subsequently found in Monna's bed. And a cat dies after drinking poisoned milk for Kushor. Ashok's angry Ashok blames Asha and asks him to leave, and he collects Mona and goes. The question remains: Did Asha really neglected, stole and then tried to kill Kushor, just because he became a mother or was there another unknown reason?
82 ::: Zill-E-Shah (2008) ::: romance ::: Kulsoom (Noor) is committed to Sarwar Shah (Babar Butt), but is deeply in love with Zill-E-Shah (Shan). Later in a Zill-Shah (Shan) meeting kills Sarwar (Babar Ali), therefore, sent to jail. When Zill-E-Shah returns from prison, finds Kulsoom (Noor) married to Abid Shah (Safqat Chema), Sarwar's older brother (Babar Ali). She does not feel comfortable, so is Zill-E-Shah. In his search to forget his past, Zill-E-Shah adopts alcohol and the courtyard's company. There he meets Sitara (Saima) a dancer, and falls in love.
83 ::: It'll Happen (2007) ::: romance ::: It will be Brent Marshall is a professor of a good -looking college leg, and Sarah Palmar is an attractive author for local magazines. In an attempt to find meaningful romantic relationships, they test the dating scene in Monterery. Unfortunately for them, they face a fun range of every destructive dates, making them amazing what is suitable for search efforts.
84 ::: Could This Be Love (2014) ::: romance ::: Sandra, a little girl in the city, returns home after university to take over the family business, the beloved bed and breakfast from her father. Faced with an unfaithful husband and a dysfunctional relationship with her mother, she finds herself at a difficult crossroads. Everything changes, however, when Terrance (Steven Sutton), a young and beautiful lawyer is verified and opens his eyes to an entirely different life filled with happiness. Sandra, a little girl in the city, returns home after university to take over the family business, the beloved bed and breakfast from her father. Faced with an unfaithful husband and a dysfunctional relationship with her mother, she finds herself at a difficult crossroads. Everything changes, however, when Terrance, a young and beautiful lawyer is verified and opens his eyes to an entirely different life filled with happiness.
85 ::: The Bridge Over the Bosphorus (????) ::: romance ::: Jennifer is assistant district of Chicago and goes out with her boss. She discovers that he has hidden a key evidence on a case that they are trying together. When she confronts him, he puts her pressure for her to hide, to risk his career for her political ambitions. She discloses the next day, resigns and throws him away. She is left by trying to give meaning to her life. She remembers the stories that told her by her grandparents, who emigrated to Turkey in the 1940s. She decides to check her roots to reset her life. She arrives in Istanbul for her trip and is only there for a day when she is going down to the street by a taxi. She wakes up in a hospital with her leg in a cast. His dream trip is now ruined. The learner this, his pretty doctor, Kemal, invites him to join him with his family in the Black Sea, to continue his care there while he takes his annual vacation. Jennifer is doubtfully agreed, but she is overwhelmed because she is welcomed in her house with open arms. Her parents treat her like a girl; She quickly gets friends with her sisters. She falls in love with Turkey and Kemal, and he with her. Then Kemal's uncle visits. He is the same taxi driver who struck Jennifer to start. Now she does not know who to trust or what to believe.
86 ::: "Zhi Yin Danshen Zai Yiqi" (2015) ::: romance ::: Luxury life is offered at the best of eight men and women rich in Uber. Catch? Falling in love and firing face. In response to the question, as a friend of his interior designer, the small artist Jiang Ke Xin (XU LU), he finds himself among the single residents of the villa. He quickly violates all the rules, he is falling for the resident, Qiao Sung YU (Joe Cheng). Baby, baby Jiang Ki Shin, Chi Chi Bo Yuan (Jiro Wang) and a love triangle.
87 ::: June (2016/III) ::: romance ::: On a summer night, the restless person cannot sleep. In his garden, shaken by the nearby sound of the sea, he blows away with his imagination through his obsession: the Mermov loves it brings it in contact with himself, desperately seeks a kind of happiness ...
88 ::: Changing Tides (2011) ::: romance ::: This dramatic film follows the lives of four friends who unintentionally participate in a network of love, secrets and sacrifice. In 1982, we see four students from young colleges trying to find what is not only in their hearts, but it is worth fighting for it. What will you do if your heart tells you one thing, but your mind was telling you something else? What will you do if your best friend agrees on your mind, and your family agreed to your heart?
89 ::: Intimity (2014) ::: romance ::: The discount is a romantic peel of a film that is a thin film, where loving couples can understand their loved ones when they solve certain problems with their age and individuals. Teenagers feel the first romantic love; Young artists try to interact with their privacy; The self-destructive boogemic guy meets a religious clean person; Cheating must make a fateful decision; Lazy zinc falls in love with unexpectedly; Self-performing old people try to approach the future with failed; Love is also associated with the life of a high-level call girl. All stories come to a conclusion that brings hope to the future. Basically, these seven stories are one big love story.
90 ::: "What If: Aka Laow" (2014) ::: romance ::: The series revolves around Layla who is married to Ghaith but is demanding with his work, she feels an emotional void because of carelessness, until she meets the visual artist JAD, and a secret love story arises between them. Is a series adopted by the film (betrayal) produced in 2002
91 ::: More to Love (2014) ::: romance ::: The Sisters Margo and Karen, along with the best friend 'Chelle, were full, bootylicious and proud of it: they loved them strongly, they laughed out loud and lived life by the code: "The more the woman, the more to love'" . That is until Margo returns from Chicago not only with a new job, but a new body to accompany him. Armed with a new image, no man is safe, not even Terence, the studio partner of the Karen bar exam and the secret falling. Believing that a complete thoughtful woman could never land a man like Terrence, Karen moves out of the way and Margo and Terrence commit themselves. However, in Karen's 30th birthday, Terrence professes her love for her. After sharing a passion night, Karen must decide whether to fight for the man who loves or see him walking down the hall with Margo.
92 ::: April Moon (2007) ::: romance ::: April is a blind but fierce independent and talented sculpture with a dark past that everyone gets at a safe distance. Then she meets David, Part Cowboy, Part Geek, which looks through her pain. But does he have enough understanding to achieve his deepest mystery, one that threatens them to separate them forever?
93 ::: Broadway Love (1918) ::: romance ::: A small city girl goes to New York in the hope of becoming a star on Broadway, but she can do best, there are roles in the form of chorus girls. She comes with a "sharp" crowd, especially a "party girl" named Cherry Blow, and finds herself back from home with wild parties, horny millionaires and her lover who to marry her New York has come.
94 ::: Growing the Big One (2010) ::: romance ::: Seattle's Talk-Show's presenter Emma Silver, inherits the grandfather Walt pumpkin farm in Valleyville. She did not plan to respect her last will, which was to direct the farm, but loses her job and is forced to accept the organization of a new 'green' program. To keep it, you must pay a mortgage of $ 75,000. To that end, he hopes to win the pumpkin growth contest using the seed line and the grandfather -winning culture record. Neighboring Seth Cullen, the maintenance of the city (and actually a Stanford engineering graduate), has difficulty convincing her that they need to associate. The presenter of the Radio de la Radio de Seattle program, Emma Silver, is called back to the small city of Valleyville, three hours by car, upon learning of the death of her paternal grandfather, the farmer Walt Silver. Like all farmers in Valleyville, Walt mainly cultivated pumpkins, since Valleyview celebrates a competitive annual pumpkin cultivation contest. Emma has not returned to Valleyville, where she used to visit all the time when she was a child, from the tragic death of her parents when they visited there while Emma was in college. As she is her only more similar relative, Walt leaves Emma's farm, even though he knew she doesn't know anything about agriculture, and gives her some seeds of her last award -winning pumpkin, the last one in a lineage. In a note for her, he asks her to ensure that the spirit of her legacy on the farm is preserved, if not for her, that someone trusts her, will honor him. He also mentions that he hopes that he can deal with the problems he could not during her life, what she learns is a mortgage of $ 75,000 on the farm, which is due at the end of the growth season of the current year. Walt's death also leads Emma to know some of her new neighbors in Valleyview, some of whom have an agenda. The mayor of Valleyville, Kyle Finster, who is also the Bank's manager, wants Emma to sell the Walt farm to a developer, in the name of the "progress" of the city and that executes the mortgage execution if it is necessary for that to happen. And the neighbor next to Emma, ​​Seth Cullen, who makes a living as a mechanic who directs that business on her farm, wants to buy some of Walt's pumpkin seeds in an effort to open her own garage in Main Street To compete against Mighty Muffler, a a a a a a a a a El attire of the chain arrives in the city as part of the progress of the mayor. Emma also learns that the Seth plan implies winning the pumpkin cultivation contest, which has the potential of a $ 50,000 prize if the 1,878 pounds world record for a single pumpkin is broken. In combination with labor problems resulting from a corporate fusion, Emma decides to remain on the farm for the season to try to win that $ 50,000 award to save the farm. While Emma tries to learn everything she can about agriculture, including the secrets of the other locals and their late grandfather, you can realize who can better take care of the long -term Walt legacy, and what she wants for her life.
95 ::: Romance (1983) ::: romance ::: The British master and Mrs. Roy is pleased when their son announces that he will marry a Caucasian woman. Soon, she blessed when she was born a daughter, Sonia. Traveling, their son dies, leaving them sad. Sonia grows under her strict mother's control, directives, and love of her ancestors, who encourage her to visit India, which she does. When she returns, she announced that she met her colleague in Omar, who would invite Britain, where they would marry. Her mother does not agree to this, because she wants to marry Sonia from the male of Caucasus from her choice, and she will not allow any interference from her fuse, which is required to leave her home. Meanwhile, Ammar and Mal passport were stolen. He managed to ride a ship heading to Britain, where he is later arrested, arrested, his heart to trial and a possible deportation as an illegal immigrant. My mother Sonia seems to have made her way with her daughter after all.
96 ::: Beautiful Beast (2013) ::: romance ::: Isabel in twisting on Beauty Classic Beauty and the Beast, all beauty-abroad. A gorgeous queen social society, she spends her days ruin her and gets money like she gets out of the style. When Isabel hurts himself and is lost in an isolated winter land, he alone crime, a man who is hidden from his world and his past. He is the first to put Isabel in his place and Isabel realizes that he may be more than he wants to confess. Through mass influence, he begins to change-and falls in love. But does he return to the beast and refrain from real love when he returned home?
97 ::: Barkha (1959) ::: romance ::: Ajit is a poor farmer who has pledged his land with zamindar Haridas. Ajit gets into Haridas's evil books, and as a result he loses his house and property on his sister's wedding day. Ajit loses his temper and attacks Haridas, and as a result is arrested and imprisoned. Her sister, Parvati, now on her own, is tampered with, but Haridas's son, Dr. Manohar is saved in Nick of time, who eventually marries her, much for his father's anger. When Ajit is released from jail, he comes to Haridas's house with a sharp knife, bent on retaliation at any cost, does not know that his sister is married in this family.
98 ::: A Desforra (1966) ::: romance ::: Sao Paulo, 60, Mara, Simple Girl, falls in love with Rildo, but he betrayed her and took her to a building, where he raped her, led by his gang, Torsyyo. To take her revenge, the Mara enters the gang and its daily: species, drinks and night life. Will you get your revenge?
99 ::: Herzsprung (1992) ::: romance ::: In the small town of Herzspring - whose name returned to an ancient legend of broken hearts - almost nothing has changed since German integration, except for an increase in unemployment. Johana, a young mother and widow become one of the unemployed and live on welfare. To make matters worse, she falls in love with a dark-tip-off, crying courageous and the whole village starts talking about it. Director Halke Misselvitz is known internationally for her documentary Winter Ede (1988) in the final years of GDR. Herzspring was the beginning of his feature film. The songs of the song "Oh, Your First Love" sung by Eva-Maria Hegan were adapted by singer-songworm Wolf Burman, expelled from GDR in 1976.
100 ::: Love's Coming (2014) ::: romance ::: The story reveals strong friendship between pid, arm, ji and gump. Ji asked Gump to hang out several times, but he said he had a pre -commitment with NAI every time. Thus the suspicion began. The orchestra is to find out whether Ji and another friend is in love with a person or not, with the help of Uncle Lek, who likes to call aunt Alexandra.
101 ::: Loghat El Hob (1974) ::: romance ::: An Egyptian boy falls in love with a visitor folklore dancer from Poland, his father wants him He and tries to break apart!
102 ::: Sal-gyeol (2007) ::: romance ::: Min-Woo is a journalist who lives in the apartment of a woman who died in a car accident. The min-woo examined the car's wreckage and is slowly obsessed with the woman's past, also because her personal property was not recovered by the family. Min Wu discovered that the woman had met a sexual confused man. The moment when Min Woo loses, because of his obsession, his grip on his life, Jaye He is a former girlfriend. He still feels attracted to her, and to surprise, you want to sleep with him, in one case of having sex only nine times.
103 ::: Ullaasam (1997) ::: romance ::: The plot revolves around two fathers and their sons. GK (Raghuvaran), father of Dev (Vikram), is a passer who lives in a house near Thangiah S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, father of Guru (Ajith Kumar). In his childhood, Guru was attracted to GK's activities and follows his steps. While Thangiah tries to convince his son, everything is vain. He was upset and began to raise Dev (GK's son), as a good man. At the time of their colleges, DEV became a singer. With the Lover Boy image, he is really popular among the ladies of the college. While Guru studies in the same college becomes a dancer and turns out to be a local dada, which helps GK in his business. Guru and Dev fall in love with the same girl Megha (Maheswari). Who is in love with Guru. Thangiah learns Dev's love for her and begs Guru to leave her love for Dev, because he will not be able to lead a peaceful life in the form he has. Despite the guru having thoughts to leave Megha. Dev dismissals knowing that Megha in love with Guru. While Dev hides his feelings for Megha. He wishes them both saying that the love they have for each other. The film ends with Guru's choice to stay with the dark world and with Megha, by his side.
104 ::: 6ft Above Sea Level (2015) ::: romance ::: The life of the dawn goes down into flames: her work is nasty, the ratings slip, and on top of all, the surfer of the dawn breaks down with it for no good reason. Determined to bring the boys back, dawn embark on the beach in mid -October to learn the craft of "catching a wave" and to see what the whole of the hurricane is about.
105 ::: Ghetto Chronicles (2011) ::: romance ::: The daily life of the hog-mouth consists of weeds, laziness and laziness, and he is also with his grandmother with his grandmother, he is especially threatened by his laziness. After his grace, after a sudden unexpected place of his high school, he did not see for 10 years. Hog's mouth realizes her dream soon and soon wakes up to reality.
106 ::: Sehnsucht nach Neuseeland (2009) ::: romance ::: A cough Nabbon Durayyer, late James Abuts to collect a New Yalland Linder and originally to SELECTED AREAS SERVICE TO SOLD THE ALIO ABOUTSON STANDING Who wants to make the hotel. The real estate, he was eliminated due to the permissions of both and the local sheep of the most, and the farmer sheep farmer. Respect his original inheritance A new dimension also gets a new dimension when the mouse lawyer is a hocine.
107 ::: "Hui you tianshi ti wo ai ni" (2008) ::: romance ::: The beard died because his friend's heart transport is to school - yin tong or beautiful, his family is the best and cold ......What it is your homework To do the yan to make a tightness or oe to o o o o o o o o oin actually goes to the body of Yan Tong Yu
108 ::: Kogda ya stanu velikanom (1979) ::: romance ::: Change times - the characters change. But how often do we return to the brave and noble musketeers, to D'Artagnan and Cyrano de Bergerac, play on stage or in life. The protagonist is the eighth Psya Kopeikin grader, "The Notorious Hooligan"-according to the teacher's expression, breaks the school play "Cyrano de Bergerac" because he does not like the appointment of a class of the Lastochkin Fyodor Class recovery for Cyrano's role. From this event the story of "A La Cyrano" begins between Kopeykin and Lastochkin.
109 ::: "Tao Hua xiao mei" (2009) ::: romance ::: In a family of six children, Tao-Hua ('Cyndi Wang' (QV)) is both the youngest and the only girl! Her four oldest brothers, Chen Chi ('Ken Zhu' (QV)), Chen Cheng ('Chun-Tian Lan' (QV)), Chen Chuan ('Sphinx Ting' (QV)) and Chen He ('Godfrey Gao' (QV)), Try to reinforce every chance that she has in love life by setting impossible rules with regard to suitable men. A rainy day, Tao-Hua meets Shih Lang ('Jiro Wang' (QV)) and immediately falls for him. Despite the above-average academic standards of Shih Lang and the character of high quality, tighter the brothers of Tao-Hua are only in their grip. To add to her misery, she must also compete with Kung Hui-Chi ('Chia -ying Lee' (QV)) for the affection of Shih Lang. Will Tao-Hua win its independence and the heart of Shih for a long time?
110 ::: The Melody (2012) ::: romance ::: Win, a famous singer and writer has worsened at his life when he realizes that his fame will disappear. Win can't face the truth and escape the city to stay quiet in the province of Mae Hong Sern where he meets MOK, a girl of the competent pianist who becomes his inspiration to redeem his fame.
111 ::: Hai ou fei chu (1974) ::: romance ::: A girl who likes to play different roles in real life cheated on a man for several times, however, the man falls in love with her. For the reason for some misunderstandings, the girl marries another man without considering her. Her husband means tortures her and deceives her father to get the family's wealth, leaving the girl with regret for the loss of true love.
112 ::: Have Faith (????) ::: romance ::: After the victim of an accident, who puts it in a coma, John, who has wandered with his faith, has been put in the work by God, through which he is to live in the body of strangers, and determines his destiny in certain moments of danger. Julia, her girlfriend, who has been in charge of the support of her life, is enticed by monsters and is encouraged not to believe in the human form, in human form, by angels.
113 ::: Hatsuyuki no koi (2007) ::: romance ::: Min moves to Japan with a Korean boy with his father, a potter. One day, at a local shrine, he meets a beautiful Japanese girl, Nanae, who has a stunning eye that he wants to be a painter. Minni falls in love at a glance and knows that Nanae is attending a school he has just transferred. Their friendship develops quickly despite their cultural and language differences. When Min's grandmother gets sick, Min returns to Korea and Nanae cannot be found anywhere. Wasn't his true feelings about Nanae clearly? Why did Nanae disappear without words? Min moves to Japan following his professor's father. One day, at a local shrine, he meets a beautiful Japanese girl with innocent eyes. Her name is Nanae and she is an ambitious painter. Minni falls for her at a glance, and soon knows Nanae goes to the same school that Min has just transferred. They become friends, and despite the barriers of culture and language, they are intense friendship. When his grandmother suddenly gets sick, Min returns to South Korea in a hurry, but cannot contact Nanae in advance. After his grandmother regains her health, he returns to Japan and reunites with Nanae, but she can't find it anywhere. Wasn't his true feelings about Nanae clearly? Why did Nanae disappear without words?
114 ::: Dalshe lyubov (2010) ::: romance ::: Elsa is eight years old. Over the past five years, the main lawyer of a large oil holding company has been. The other thirty -three of her life works to achieve this position. She is at the forefront of her career and the next step is the Board of Directors, and it may be transferred to London if many international companies are in Bagra. The gold medal, red diploma, degree, another red diploma ... an incomplete list of successes in "universities". Her career was fast and bright, but she was unable to have children. Then the problems begin to crawl on it.
115 ::: Une heure avec Alice (2011) ::: romance ::: Both Alice and Paul are studying at the University of Sorbone in the Latin Quarter. After a course, Paul, who was attracted to Alice, began to talk to her. They share the same ideas about philosophy and today's philosophers, but when they continue with their conversation, they realize that they are not in the same wavelength: she is all for a new wave, but definitely the mainstream. With such contrasting perspectives, to think about romance is reasonable and think about living together?
116 ::: Aawaz (1956) ::: romance ::: Mr. Bootnagar Alshan lives from a poor family of Mastji, who is from a poor family. His wife and son, his Son, his Son, and his Son, convince him to save some money, sitting happily and to marry their daughter. Masterji's dreams become fear, because he does not meet with his debtors, does not lose his work and dies, leaves his daughter in the mercy of a rigorous society; His son, committed a crime, and his wife shall be desolate and not.
117 ::: "Stranger" (2013) ::: romance ::: May I face the full alienation of people who are like you? Lee Young Ho (Jong Euun Wu) is a man from a high-level family in North Korea, but he is a man to complete "Mission" to complete the "mission". He knows that he is living in this new country when he was in a car accident. Can he walk a new life in southern south? "Stranger" is a South Korea drama in 2013.
118 ::: Mere Humsafar (1970) ::: romance ::: Raju is his real name, but because of his unhealthy and unconscious way of living, he is called "Junglee" by everyone in his village, all saves for former convicted Ustad Anwar who has Serve time for murder, and his father. When the Raj's father passes, the local money lender gives him an ultimatum to replenish the loan or he will take his home and land in possession. Raju decides to put a trip to Bombay, get a job, save money, buy some bulls, up to his land, and repaint the money lender. No one gives a trip, so he stops at the back of a fruit -loaded truck, which has one more stowaway, a finished gypsy named Tarnna. Both meet, fall in love, promise to help and marry each other. After truck travel, they ride on a cargo train tied to the bombay, but during the journey the two split. For several months Raju reveals that Tarna is now known as Meenakshi, a film actress. When he goes to meet him, he is told a man named Ashok, that Tarna is his wife. An amazed Raj is angry and destroyed. When Tarni discovers that the Raj had come to meet her, she rushes to meet her - just to find her in the arms of a young attractive woman called Kusum. It seems that none of them kept their promise to help and marry each other, and because of their change in their respective circumstances they have ended up with different partners of life.
119 ::: Segi3Hati (2015) ::: romance ::: In reverse school links, the plot Mei Lin is an Indonesian student who comes to a Jewish boarding school but tells anyone that she is Asian, no one at school realizes that she is Asian despite the fact that 'She looks Asian when the school discovers that it is in fact Asian there are many stereotypes of prejudices who move and Mei Lin is unable to find friends in her Jewish boarding school at the end, Mei Lin and His peers learn acceptance and are able to note that prejudices go beyond a first glance.
120 ::: Arike (2012) ::: romance ::: The film says the story of Snow (snuggles, and a research, and his two friends, clipinia (sambooks) and Anita. Avrada is sensitive to meet small experiences in her tension, where her cousin has felt her that it was just his desire for her. Kalatappa is some ultimate and love in love. Anorada wants the message to be played and to pull the cyts and clipinia together; He knows they care more for each other, but is to take another step for any reason or the other. The Palpaya's parents are against married her and they try to bring offers offers their (brahman) society. On a point on a point, he closes the boy's mullah of the boy, those who expect to have a clippannae and marry. While they travel with snaps in their car, they launch some symptoms on the front of the clipina face and to seek missiles. After the incident cappfun, the years are supporting the relationship with sannado and wants to marry her parents to marry a snack. Anoda feels very bad for the sultan and trying to do that for giving. This is the Sultanists know that the clipinia really liked him. Although it was close to the real love, her approximately, he failed to recognize it.
121 ::: Big Al (2017) ::: romance ::: A young gay man and a self-loving direct hustler are kept in a cheap motel room. The young man wants to be laid. Hustler needs a place to hide. As they smoke and identify each other, a sexual cat and mouse game is played, and who uses - and for which, exactly - unclear. During the enthusiastic moment, however, a kiss - an undeniable physical and sexual act - brings their true desires to boil and big collisions among men.
122 ::: Time and Fate (2005) ::: romance ::: The fate of two people together, but they are able to accept what happened. The time of all things in the world, including fate. When they do not take what fate has given them in a proper time interval, it turns his fate to something else.
123 ::: "Keuhaetsali naege" (2002) ::: romance ::: Ryu Sivon's stars are cheating, honesty and love in this Korean drama. Geroi Kim Yunu allows you to self-knowledge in the biggest shopping flood of Korea in search of her true father. Kang Dongsuk (Ryu) helped on the road, and the door determines how difficult it is for the girl's family is and how difficult it is to maintain true love. Korea proves that the moving married dramas filled with some actors of Korea and me, even after severe storms and sunshine, the sun is returned. D. with English subtitles of bannon (author, subtitle elements).
124 ::: Surf, Sand and Sex (1994) ::: romance ::: The story is held together by a beach party where six relatively young women participated. Pretending that it may be the heat that is making it do it, each woman tells of a sex fantasy she is remembered by the situation. Sex with a ex-husband, a man in uniform and a motor mechanic are stories that make up half of the segments. The other three relate to the unique places where their fantasy rehearsals occur: in a public place, after hours in a dance room, and finally, in the mountains.
125 ::: Aao Pyaar Karen (1994) ::: romance ::: Wealthy Suraj lives with his mother, Anjali and his father in a palace -like house. When his marriage comes in time, his parents find a suitable match for him, but instead he marries a woman from a poor family who gives his parents who asks him to make a choice between his wife and them. Suraj decides to stay with his wife and undress. Years later, Suraj's father passes, leaves his wife alone to take care of the business and the huge property, and promises that she will never greet Suraj, his wife or children in this house. Suraj and is a woman due to an accident dying in a tragic way and leaves a son named Raja. One day Anjali receives a telegram that she informs you that Raja has settled with her. She instructs her employees not to leave Raja in the house, so that Raja opened a tent on her lawn and lives there, hoping to win her one day and be invited to the house. He is successful and Anjali welcome with open arms. Since he is married, she wants him to marry a beautiful young woman named Sonu Rai, the daughter of wealthy sampat Rai. But Raja is in love with Chhaya, a servant in her household who is pretty unacceptable for Anjali. In Chhaya's house, her brother Shankar rejects her marriage to Raja and wants her to marry Maniram. Looks like the story is supposed to repeat itself because both Chhaya and Raja have sworn to get married and no one else.
126 ::: For Tom and All Eternity (2009) ::: romance ::: Clarita Harbinger - played by Peggy Matheson (together forever, Films for Family Series) is an too alarming undercover policeman who is interested in Tom Hansen - played by Drew Martin (currently out of Broadway), an architect who can have what may have what may be the best stupid love life. When he approaches what he seems to be the perfect woman, he begins to "see signs" who tell him to throw her away and go to the pursuit of finding the girl who first kissed in 6th grade, a move that disappoints everyone and He even calls the ghost of his beloved teacher at school, returned from the dead to offer tips to correct his love life. Tom escapes out of control, risking his friendship, work and life as he is confronted with a twist and an unexpected result. A fabulous soundtrack of Rockabilly, Swing and Country Western Music really distinguished this skillfully written indie movie for indie. Based on true events (without including the ghost of the teacher's part at school). Music from copper bees, two Timin 'Three, Mark Hansen, Jerry Hotrod Demink and Dangerous Dan and Dangerous Rangers.
127 ::: As You Like It (1992) ::: romance ::: The youngest of the two sisters' leaders has usurped the power of his older brother. Fearing the punishment of the move, he plans to hit before he is hit, making many around him flee, so that they can meet quickly at the premature end, hiding in industrial dense and abandoning water territories. Orlando is such a displaced escape, a young man embedded due to a older brother, Oliver, who has family wealth and plots harm against him. Before leaving, Orlando meets and falls for the niece of the Uzurping executive, Rosalind. Shortly thereafter, Rosland should also be wiped out, but disguised as a boy named Ganymede for protection. In the remnants of Orlando and "Ganymede" meet, but in that Orlando does not recognize it, Rosalind/Ganymede maneuizes him in learning from her/his with which he can clear him of his romantic folly. Among the newly cleaned people, these are not the only two to enter the evidence of love and deceit.
128 ::: Patterns of Attraction (2014) ::: romance ::: Patterns of attraction are a romantic k COME Maddy that emphasizes the importance of committing commitment, true love and old love patterns to create a new beginning. Celeste and Shane are writing partners as well as romantic partners. Shane is not ready to settle and commit a woman, though he and Celeste live with and have been in relation to two years. Both are struggling with their personal issues and are constantly learning to accept each other despite their faults. Their love of writing is the bond that keeps them together but there are many things that tore them out. Selest finally reached the point where he is ready for more in the relationship and gave Shane an ultimatum. He learns a strict lesson about loving a man who is not ready for the same level of commitment and has to face some hard decisions. Shane always shops for the perfect woman but through the addiction of her purchase, she realizes that this pattern is destroying it and the way she loves the process. Women have taken on the examples of how to love her in the past, and they are trying to break these patterns and start a new life with Celeste. He must either decide to change his examples or to lose the salest forever. In his efforts to understand his examples, Shane invites counseling for his issues but is it too late? Is the salest already tired and ready to move on? Shane and Celestena "patterns of attraction" can create or break their relationship and replace these patterns they can affect their lifetime
129 ::: Soori (2003) ::: romance ::: Surya (Visigy), market delivery, in love and college high school (artist. They decide their love by endurance to express themselves and love is more stupid. The love to decide to injure themselves in the pain of separation. The Security Watchtower is manikandan (crowd), batch, making its entry in this time. Many things are happening in the state of shock after year and see the end of the year he loves himself. Love turns the hate and revenge, as she seeks Rishaba. What happened if it's something that exciting. If his first company is "Sori" is a sample, shelvan is sure.
130 ::: Cabriolet (2001) ::: romance ::: A simple low -budget part about the relationship between a young musician (making a living as a garbage collector) and a girl who received a trauma that he found "in the mountain of garbage". The movie, which was shot digital, explains in detail the atmosphere of their rapidly growing emotional bonds, but is more and more focused on creating a real description of the protagonist. The music of "Ivankrál" (QV) adds an important texture to the movie.
131 ::: "Juegos prohibidos" (2005) ::: romance ::: Nacho and Luisa don't care about the result of being able to seduce women 10 years older than him. The victim of the bet is Jimena, a psychologically abused woman by her husband. Nacho and Jimena fall in love in the serious danger.
132 ::: Ankhon Mein Tum Ho (1997) ::: romance ::: Brem Kapoor lives similar to the wealthy life with his grandfather, as his parents died in a plane crash while he was a child. Since that day, his grandfather had only regretted that he refused to listen to his mine, who warned him that travel would be at risk. Now he always consults with his mine on any important issue. When Brem introduces him to Puja, he approves her immediately, but when his mine tells him that Puja is not fully worth Kapoor because she will finally kill her husband within 12 months of their marriage. As a result, PREM and Pooja are unable to marry, and soon prem is known that Pooja married another rich man called Pratap Burman. Then a year later, Bouja was arrested due to the death of Mohan, Uncle Bratab, his mother, Mrs. Burman and Batab, hardly an attempt in his life. Brem, a lawyer now, must determine whether there is any truth in the prediction of the mine, and if so, then why Puja killed her mother -in -law, and Brazab's uncle.
133 ::: Andala Rakshasi (2012) ::: romance ::: Andhala Rakshasi takes place during the innocent days of 1991. He is at the center on three pure hearts Surya, Gowtham and Midhuna and aims to fall in love, to forget and to wait for love. History celebrates love and exposes its dark side to torment its customers in the pursuit of it. The three characters resemble the three celestial bodies of the sun, the moon and the earth. Presented by the force of love, the three individuals can neither get closer nor cut but are intended to turn around the dear. In this purely pure love, they will be thrown to destinies that they have never imagined. Goutham, who is the son of a rich father, leads an independent normal life ... One day, he sees Mithuna and falls in love but will not recognize him, during this time, Surya, an artist, also loves Mithuna and she falls in love with him. ... Later, an accident in Mithuna changes the life of the trio ...
134 ::: The Girl behind the White Picket Fence (2013) ::: romance ::: Filmed with polaroid and super-8 images, dressed in poetic monologue vo, this feature film creates a dynamic kaleidoscope of words and photos, a dreaming tale that channels Malliick, Van Sant, and pages torn by a girl's magazine lonely.
135 ::: Carla (2020) ::: romance ::: A sixteen -year -old teenager built an eternal warrior who had to decide on the fate of other immortals. The gods of Norraz grant Carla the immortality. He has to fight against all the chances to survive when the man responsible for becoming a tail god betrays him. His relationship with Viking's legacy is growing and he becomes a threat to his program. He is protected by another that he can't face. His program is failing and Mark is disappointed. He should stop him from leaving the islands or he is going to lose what he is more than that. Carla is the key to opening more than immortal treatment. He also has access to the god of Nuris and endless power. The power he must have. Time is running. The parties must be selected.
136 ::: Monemvasia (1964) ::: romance ::: A young man, a woman and a gambling, committing the murder of a woman to pay his debts. She lives in Monemvasia castle and when they know that their lives will change because of love. But things get a bad turn, but eventually the couple will be able to overcome all the obstacles.
137 ::: June (2016/III) ::: romance ::: On a summer night, an agitated man cannot sleep. In his garden, shaken by the close sound of the sea, he walks with his imagination through his obsessions: mercenary loves carry him in contact with himself, desperately looking for a kind of happiness ...
138 ::: "Shuang mian jiao" (2008) ::: romance ::: Lijuan, a girl from Shanghai, is married to Yaping, a young man from China, who works in Shanghai after graduation. With the help of his mother -in -law, Yaping buys a house and has his own home in Shanghai. Before their parents come to Shanghai, Yaping is a typical Shanghai husband who is extremely considered with Lijuan. The relationship between the couple is as intimate as it can be. They are very affectionate and happy with each other. However, after the mother -in -law of Lijuan from the Northeast of China arrives at his home in Shanghai, the happy life of this family begins to crumble. There are great differences in customs and customs between southern China and northern China. Unfortunately, the mother -in -law of Lijuan, which is deeply influenced by the traditional ideology of the North, contradicts it completely. In addition, his mother -in -law wants to adapt to Lijuan to his ideology and lifestyle of the north. As a result, conflicts between Li Juan and his mother -in -law intensify. When the family is on the verge of crumble, both the mother -in -law and the daughter -in -law begin to regret and reflect.
139 ::: Princess Hwapyung's Weight Loss (2011) ::: romance ::: When the princess Hawaping falls in love and marries a man of her dreams, she feels that she will live happily at any time. But when she finds out that her new husband finds her replication and instead she falls in love with a maids, she decides to take revenge by becoming unique.
140 ::: Hai ou fei chu (1974) ::: romance ::: A girl who likes to play various roles in real life has been deceived by a man several times, but he falls in love with her. For some misunderstandings, a girl is not married to another person. His medium husband tortured him and deceives him to get marital riches from his father, he leaves the girl to lose true love.
141 ::: Ein Sommer im Burgenland (2015) ::: romance ::: While Berlin-based trade Mark Kong is in Hong Kong, the miracles open his line, opening his line, opens his line, his line To advance to advise hopeful to see the hopeman, Nina, the Kakard Herbard of Brand Farm and the Stores House. Maria loves the characters but also seeks key villages for the graph family past. Paul has arrived and find it finds impossible for dealing is impossible for dealing, still seeks to belong to your born son.
142 ::: Sweet Talk (2004) ::: romance ::: Modern telephone and internet love story. A disappointed sculptor artist calls a brave sex service and meets the love of his life. These lovers develop an obsessive connection over the phone. Each of them creates erotic fantasies for periods in their imagination on the phone, then through the Internet, which in turn makes the fantasies come to life in a real meeting.
143 ::: Princess Hwapyung's Weight Loss (2011) ::: romance ::: When Princess Hwapyung falls in love and marries the man of her dreams, she thinks she will ever live happy. But after she discovers that her young man finds her disgusting and instead falls in love with one of her maids, she decides to retaliate by becoming irresistible ..
144 ::: Mon ange (2016) ::: romance ::: After the disappearance of her magician's mysterious mysterious, Louis, who is ruined by Rief, is sent to the mental shelter. Nine months later, she gives birth to the angel named Angel named Angel, who is an incredible prize: he does not appear. To protect him from the brutality of the outside world, his mother hides his presence. Angel grows very commonly until he meets Madeline, a blind girl at his age, who lives nearby. They become inseparable quickly, Madeline is still unknown about the disappearance of Angel. Up to one day, Madeln declares something that will make their lives upside down: she will regain her attention.
145 ::: U R My Jaan (2011) ::: romance ::: When Akash, a renowned tycoon, obsessed with wealth, met Reena, a small Indian girl in the city with large star dreams, he is confronted with confusing choices and has to make life changing decisions before it's too late. The film is a musical romantic love story in India.
146 ::: Daburu mintsu (2017) ::: romance ::: When one of Mitsu Ishikawa hears of Mitsu Ichikawa, who was a colleague of his school as well as a senior and a coach, he learns that the caller is not only a thug but also killed a woman. Instead of creating a distance, the two form a new cooperation.
147 ::: Love Overboard (2012) ::: romance ::: The S.S. Love & Happiness is the cruise ship that is known for romantic dreams to come true, but the passengers on this trip are a turbulent group. From the captain (Sam Logan), who is more concerned with stalking women than sending the ship, to the couple (Carl Payne and Tammy Townsend) in the hope of restoring their marriage and the divorced man (Khalil Kain) who His new independence is celebrating, everyone on Board fluctuates the boat. Can this ship justify and the relationships that are saved before the journey ends, or is this dream vacation to a disaster cruising?
148 ::: "Keuhaetsali naege" (2002) ::: romance ::: Ryu Siwon is involved in this Korean drama of the price of fraud, loyalty and love. The heroine Kim Yuno overcomes the chances of making a name in the largest shopping channel in Korea while looking for her real father. Help along the path of Kang Donsuk (Ryu), the bold girl finds out how difficult the loyalty of family can be-and how difficult it is to keep true love. A moving family drama, filled with some of the most beloved actors of the characters in Korea, the sunlight on me proves that even after the storms, the sun will return first. With English subtitles from D. Bannon (author, subtitles).
149 ::: "Waiting to Bloom" (2013) ::: romance ::: Ming Ni (Jiang Kai) and Liu colored Ming (Zhang Han) came to the university but attempt to prevent their relationship. Although wearing school in Beijing, his friend Zhang Zhi Hun (Zhao Chun) stayed side of meng and watch it. After the graduation graduates, I plan to move to Beijing to be with my work and began his work.
150 ::: "Stranger" (2013) ::: romance ::: Is it possible to experience a total alienation in a country full of people who look like you? Lee Young Ho (Jeong Eun Woo) is a Yoeg man who is from a high -class family in North Korea, but crosses South Korea to complete a "mission." When he enters a car accident, he discovers that he is caught living in this new country. Can you navigate your new alienation life in the south? "Stranger" is a 2013 South Korean drama.
151 ::: The Perfect Girl (2015) ::: romance ::: A little boy (Jay) and a girl (Vedika) happen to meet in the tourist city of Goa. They spend some time together and realize that they are perfect for each other. However, life has different plans. Many years later, in Mumbai, they cross each other. But the memory of her time together is so far away that it takes a while for Jay to remember. When he remembers, she is lost in the crowd. What happens when two strangers meet for some time and realize that they are perfect for each other? What if life has different plans? Would you wait for your specific perfect other or would you continue?
152 ::: Awesome Mausam (2016) ::: romance ::: This love story between the Hindu boy, Rahul Sharma (Rahul Roma Sharma) and a Muslim girl, Gazal Siddiki (Ambalika Sarkar), refers to the Lila-Majno track to go home. Unfortunately, there really is nothing to recommend here for a few lines of sting that provokes the thought. Rahul and Gazal perform the game of Laila-Majni in their college and eventually fall in love. But the uneducated, successful land shark, father, Siddiki (Mukesh Tivani), is cheerful to pairing and puts obstacles in their path. NGOs, mainly a website lined with Love Guard, started by Arjun - surviving from love, hopes to help and protect such couples to achieve happily so far. Rahul and Gazal seek his help, but will that be enough to withstand all the pressure that Sidiki has for them?
153 ::: "Desperate love" (2013) ::: romance ::: It was love at first sight. When Mongol Princess May Lee (Li Shen) arrives in Beijing with her father, Mongol prince, Prince Jing Yuan (Mickey He) of the Qing Dynasty saves her from falling. They divide ways without learning the names of each other. May and her father visit the Great Empress Dowger (Pan Ying Z) in the palace, and the great Empress Dowager takes May Lee immediately.
154 ::: Bypass (2019) ::: romance ::: An American adventure seen through the eyes of a girl in love of love. A road trip going down a dangerous nuclear expressway, where the reality is perception, and the salesman and the thief indistinguishable. The journey may seem destined, but love is shining, and the biggest blessing is in the desert full moon.
155 ::: As You Were (2014) ::: romance ::: Gohowi was the love of childhood who met again after years of separation and became a couple. On an ideal island south of Singapore, they spend their last moments together with the collapse of their relationship. The film revolves around the impossibility of knowing what made people change. Through the constantly changing landscape, Guohui realizes and exfoliation that what is temporary is eternal as well.
156 ::: Deepavali (2007) ::: romance ::: Bill (Jayam Lavi) is the son of Mudalia (Villay Kumar). Mudaliar is greatly loved and respected by the people in his area, and Billu is a foster parent for everyone in the area. The building prefers Susie (Babana) immediately when she turns her eyes at a railway station. All Susie arriving in Chennai from Bangalore will stay in Sait's (VMC HaneeFa) Place and Sait. Nevertheless. Susie, who has been seeking love and interest from Young, is impressed by the bonds shared by the Roypuram residents. Love blooms between Susie and the building, and if they share a light moment with a friend of the building, unexpected things happen.
157 ::: Muskaan (2004) ::: romance ::: The ASh horn and Debore fashion designer Sameer Oberoi has everything for him, a successful career; Protected future; Comfortable and wealthy lifestyle; A beautiful girl Shikha who hopes to marry her, what does one want more? But Sameer has the image of his dream-girl in his mind, and he hopes to find him soon. With the obstacles to discovering a better model, his search for it; A series of false telephonic connections, all connecting him with a young woman. Their group decides to travel to second place, and a young "wrong number" Lady named Muscan also travels on the same bus, which has led to some further misconceptions. Sameer likes the smile, and decides to designate it as his new Model Dell, in which he agrees. Then when his group's member Jahanvi is brutally assassinated, his world is down, and the only key to the police is that his murdered name begins with "S", and Sameer becomes the main suspect in his murder, and in this. Inspector Vikram Rajput's eyes, who resolve to get a murderer at any cost.
158 ::: Hum Tum Pe Marte Hain (1999) ::: romance ::: Devayani is a woman's activist, and a social worker, living in Bombay for many years. She has a younger sister, Radhika, he is married. Devani Radhika prefers to be economically and otherwise independent without relying on men. When Rahul Kumar came to live in the neighborhood, he was immediately attracted to Radhika, but he must first prove himself to his sister.
159 ::: Engeyum Kadhal (2011) ::: romance ::: A story from a young, rich and successful young man, perfection, who wants to break all the astonishing docks around him to go to Paris, France. In a boy who meets the story of the girls, the fate, Kayal, brings a life of an Indian girl who grew up in France. Rajaskar, the father of Kayal, runs a detective agency. When he is aware of his father's case, he is shocked that the customer is currently following perfection, just to kill him. Kial decides to save the life of perfection. The act of savior between them becomes love. Perfection leaves France and kale crushes. After nearly a year, they meet again and everything will turn.
160 ::: Prem (2007) ::: romance ::: It is the story of a young boy love, whose family is destroyed by a greedy man. There was a father of love that was taken by cheating. The story develops when love decides to take revenge, even if it involves the killing of everyone in its way.
161 ::: Sehnsucht nach Neuseeland (2009) ::: romance ::: A cough Nabbon Durayyer, late James Abuts to collect a New Yalland Linder and originally to SELECTED AREAS SERVICE TO SOLD THE ALIO ABOUTSON STANDING Who wants to make the hotel. The real estate, he was eliminated due to the permissions of both and the local sheep of the most, and the farmer sheep farmer. Respect his original inheritance A new dimension also gets a new dimension when the mouse lawyer is a hocine.
162 ::: Love in the Vineyard (2016) ::: romance ::: Molly hurry to deliver Jackson's birthday party with some big news: he has got an offer fur for a new job 800 miles away. Jackson says he will follow it anywhere and, because it is also Valentine's Day, she gives it a diamond pendant. Molly surprises him with a puppy. Romance is soon disturbed by the worst type of valentine gift: Jackson's former, Vanessa, DNA test shows that he is his child's true father. Jackson insists that Vanessa was a one -night stand before he and Molly became serious, but Molly Lovid. He leaves puppy, pendant and jackson in San Francisco and heads to Seattle.
163 ::: Ullaasam (1997) ::: romance ::: The plot revolves around two fathers and their sons. GK (Raghuvaran), father of Dev (Vikram), is a passer who lives in a house near Thangiah S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, father of Guru (Ajith Kumar). In his childhood, Guru was attracted to GK's activities and follows his steps. While Thangiah tries to convince his son, everything is vain. He was upset and began to raise Dev (GK's son), as a good man. At the time of their colleges, DEV became a singer. With the Lover Boy image, he is really popular among the ladies of the college. While Guru studies in the same college becomes a dancer and turns out to be a local dada, which helps GK in his business. Guru and Dev fall in love with the same girl Megha (Maheswari). Who is in love with Guru. Thangiah learns Dev's love for her and begs Guru to leave her love for Dev, because he will not be able to lead a peaceful life in the form he has. Despite the guru having thoughts to leave Megha. Dev dismissals knowing that Megha in love with Guru. While Dev hides his feelings for Megha. He wishes them both saying that the love they have for each other. The film ends with Guru's choice to stay with the dark world and with Megha, by his side.
164 ::: "Zhi Yin Danshen Zai Yiqi" (2015) ::: romance ::: Luxury live in this better that bestly authenticated unit is recommended to men and women. Cache? In love and dragging. Asked as his internal design buddy, little time artist, she reminds himself to come for friends, Queo Shang or (Joe Checking). Jing Kevin's childhood
165 ::: "Big Man" (2014) ::: romance ::: Kim Ji-Hokk (Kang Ji-Khokan) is not a parent and is a difficult life. Then he met with a Dal-Suk, who led a small restaurant in the traditional market. Kim Ji-Hokke followed him like her mother and is in the traditional market. He works a lot to open its store in a traditional market. Suddenly Kim Ji-Honk becomes a hidden son of Korea's leading company Hyunsung's leading company. He realizes that there is a perfect intention. From this moment Kim Ji-Hokak will take revenge to the people of Hyunsung. He is engaged in a woman called Mi-Ra (Lee Da-Hi), which is found at the most important time in his life.
166 ::: Married in a Year (2011) ::: romance ::: You can also find true love. Ask only the thousands of Happy couples collected by Patty St. Stener, Managing Director of Millionaire Club and Hit Bravo TV series "Millionaire Matchmaker". Patty can now help your marriage dreams come true in one year-a 12-month action plan has been proven and easy to find love. Patty will motivate you at all stages with his specialized knowledge and non -nonsense approach.
167 ::: Kousek nebe (2005) ::: romance ::: A small part of the sky is about love, friendship and cooperation, aspects of life, which allows us to live in a difficult time. The tale of the delicate love of couples installed on the walls of the 1950s. An angry young man always resisted everything around Lyubos ('Jakub Ubrava'), and finally put it in court in court. The verdict is clear, and punishment is long and difficult. Even if he is in prison, he does not even defeat his love for jazz or the eternal flame of rebellion. There is no place on earth that love cannot grow up. Lubos dana ('tatiana pauhofová' (QV)) is found in prison. Several and unsuccessfully, the valleys to help them perform their love - the wrong thing in the wrong place, in the wrong place.
168 ::: Fordlandia (????/II) ::: romance ::: Today in Detroit (USA), an American who is trying to understand repetitive dreams and seek explanations, she discovers that she lived another life in the early 30 years during the Fordland Construction Saga by Henry Ford. Our hero is already a Brazilian woman who is experiencing intense and forbidden love with American Fordlandia project leader. Even ending his unsuccessful wedding, this love will awaken a disproportionate anger on his ex -wife, who (along with her lover) will go extremely to separate them. On this trip to the past, she realized that her romance was brutally interrupted by the sudden murder of her beloved. At the moment, she finds that her great love for the past is also here and right next to her. They gather again to finally live this love, which passed time and will remain in their hearts for eternity.
169 ::: Priya: The Charming Girl of India (2016) ::: romance ::: The film opens where a girl shows to secure her life from some people running in front of him with firearms. She finds a home to save her life. She was an army home officer (Aamir Khan). She tells Aamir Khan about how some Russian traders were about to kill her. They killed her parents by firing at home while she was out for her cooking classes. The story begins when Aamir knows about the people who killed his father as well and all this was related to their past. Meanwhile Priya and Aamir fall in love with each other and continuous history.
170 ::: Dünyanin en güzel kadini (1968) ::: romance ::: The mother of Türkan, a singer, dies on stage at a cheap nightclub in Izmir. That night, the Turks sings instead of him and meets with the handsome and handsome business man Fikret, who falls in love with at first glance. She can't be with her because she knows she is nothing for her. Türkan comes to Istanbul, where he takes the music lesson from a famous Nectmi musician who asks him to become a mistress. He rejects the offer and, after a series of lucky events, becomes a celebrity singer in the famous stars booth. Fickert bets him that he is with him, he does not know him, while Türkan did not forget him. Although the relationship between them has begun with betting, Fickert falls in love with him. Tükan realizes that Fikret uses him and commits suicide by throwing his song injured in the sea where he injures his singing wounds and can no longer sing. Yousef is a young composer who writes songs for Türkan and loves him very much. The title of the film is one of those songs that is very famous. Fikret loves Türkan and Türkan loves Fikret, but because of many misunderstandings they can't get together. Necmi First, after announcing that he intends to marry Joseph, he kills him and kidnaps Türkan. Fikret saves her and can eventually be with the most beautiful woman in the world (Dünyanin en güzel kadini).
171 ::: Pitching Love and Catching Faith (2015) ::: romance ::: Heather is an attractive, competitive softball player, cute and cheeky-and it is used to winning ... but with men she meets she is not her type. He is a competitive baseball player, charming and holy who hasn't kissed ... So what happens when Heather tries to get his first kiss and Tyler tries to win her heart to start his baseball career? This leads to a frontal competition in which a number of carefree tricks of the Katze Mouse follow-up hunt lit, which remain interested until the end. To fall in love, was not part of her plan ... Now Tyler has to choose between his dream and Heather. And she has to choose between love and loneliness.
172 ::: Drogam: Nadanthathu Enna? (2010) ::: romance ::: Drugam Nadanthuh Enna Film is based on a real accident that happened in Mumbai. Electricity goes at the time when a young police officer makes love to his wife. So the inspector goes on a candle. At that time a foreigner embraces the inspector's wife who would not be able to recognize the person. She thinks she is her husband. The stranger records this incident in his mobile phone. The stranger recaptures the woman who shows this cut and asks her to make love with him. Whether you agree or not is the rest of the story. New Kishore, Sasi and Leena crops are playing important roles.
173 ::: Alexis Takes a Dare (2005) ::: romance ::: Alexis and her code friends graduate from college and take their shameful roommate Freddie into the wild sexual fling when they are competing for the same job. It is not forbidden to "sexual type" as girls are trying to do every romantic strategy to turn the Freddie's challenge!
174 ::: "Tao Hua xiao mei" (2009) ::: romance ::: In a family of six children, Tao-Hua ('Cyndi Wang' (QV)) is both the youngest and the only girl! Her four oldest brothers Chi ('Ken Zhu' (QV)), Chen Cheng ('Chun-Tian Lan' (QV)), Chen Chuan ('Sphinx Ting' (QV)) and Chen He ('Godfrey Gao' ( QV)) Try to suffocate any chance that she has in love life by determining impossible rules regarding suitable men. On a rainy day, Tao-Hua shih long ('Jiro Wang' (QV)) and immediately falls in love with him. Despite Shih Lang's above-average academic standards and high-quality character, the Tao-Hua brothers only tighten their grip. In order to contribute to her suffering, she also has to compete with Kung Hui-Chi ('Chia-Y-Lee' (QV)) with Shih Lang's affection. Will Tao-Hua win her independence and the heart of Shih long?
175 ::: I'm Not Single (2008) ::: romance ::: I'm not single is a story about Maya and Adam couples who are forced to marry at a young age because they were planning their parents because they were good friends since childhood. Although they hate each other and did not have a sense of love, Adam and virtual have no reason to oppose the design more strongly supported by the ancestors of the top were too eager to see the single granddaughter of his breath before his breath the last. Maya himself have a girlfriend who is Dani. Dani and Maya really love each other love and planned to get married. Such Dani cannot accept the fact that Maya married Maya to find a way to get back.
176 ::: Kaivopuiston kaunis Regina (1941) ::: romance ::: During the Crimean War, Regina lives with her grandmother in a small cabin near a luxurious villa. As the summer approaches, a large ball is to be held at the villa with many important guests. Regina secretly lent an outfit from guests to attend the party. Beautiful lieutenant falls in love with Regina, but she escapes the ball.
177 ::: "Jie Jie Li Zheng Xiang Qian Zou" (2012) ::: romance ::: There is a drama! There is! There is! Sweet romantic comedy, he is a 30-year-old scenario, where they are 30-year-olds in the life of Wang Mind Mind (Ruby Lin). Wang Mans Mans called himself "Essol" (Jiro Van) and decides to give it to the drama's leading role. The Elease has a lack of ability to work quickly, and there is a risk of leading actress departure. As he fears his drama, the essays will allow you to tempt the Merzage and secure his role.
178 ::: L'amante tradito (2017) ::: romance ::: Alina is the daughter of a rich human being, he married with the heads, whose real urgent. They had an agreement on them: He will never go on her, then it would never be cheated on her and losing all the style of all the money and life. On the other hand, she has all freedom that wants to. But despite this agreement, servers have young and free lover now, titten who threatens to leave, if they don't make the holidays. Sergio found her hired way of employer at the beach home, they can be closer. Rebecca, whominates employees at the beach's house, the lady of Halina, Symptoms and Personal Store, and they decide to go to the city. Thus the situation is complicated and it is full of images, sex and class that makes a wonderful story instead.
179 ::: Wife in Apt C (2003) ::: romance ::: When Sports Fua is limited with a handlegard with a handlegard in the wheel, he will think he will be crazy from the spot - until he is bad - until he is in To live in the apartment. With the males of her bedroom and out of male parade, and overwidely open, Paul has an unsafe broadcasts outside of his window! The things that are heated when Paul takes some sexy shots when Paul takes some sexy shots.
180 ::: Bird of Paradise on the Sunset Limited (????) ::: romance ::: In the bird of paradise, a young woman, Gweneth Wilde, who wants to change her life and want to escape the dark, rises a train in a small northern city and continues with Margeaux Sullivan, a writer, that she hits online. Your mutual problems in relation to life, love, lust and your future culminate in a wonderful travel connection that brings the two to self -discovery with a train journey. One of them has a secret to the other. Comedy/Drama/Romance (LGBT)
181 ::: Kholmy i ravniny (2007) ::: romance ::: Life in the countryside is boring and monotonous. Every day is predictable. This movie depicts the random residents of the village. This is Tania, a young woman who is wasting youth in a daily routine. Home -Hospital work -a strange mother looking for constant love. Local surgeons cannot choose either his wife or mistress. Ileida Fedrofuna can't let her go to her dead husband. And there is a young Timur here -he is an intelligent and wonderful man who made Tania loved, but he has his own problem. The seemingly calm peace in the distant state faces the deep emotions of all characters. The world of insights is full of passion and tension. Every story is an overall shrinkage of human desires who want to know dramas and themselves.
182 ::: Huff! It's Too Much (2013) ::: romance ::: Haf! It has a lot of Marathi actor Pushkar Jog and also makes the acting of Indo-Bit actress Armeena Rana Khan. The film is a romantic-comedy and it revolves around a creative director, her bizarre best friend and a woman, which she is confused about. The film is an out and out Youth Central Romantic-comedy in London who deal with the attempt and tribulation of young people living abroad. It is not only a fun on his life and conversation, but also an out and out family film with excellent music. Watch the whole movie Huff! It is too much online, now only on Eros.
183 ::: Yi jian zhong qing (2000) ::: romance ::: Ella is a divorce Chinese Chinese American taxi driver that her dayays walk around Salcot roads, San Francisco. After work, he spends time with his 8-year-old son, Scott. Ella Meeting Meet and Sky home in the sky home, the odd strangers at the sky at the sky at the top of the strangeless strangers at the top of the sky For Mike, it was a night of a lot of night, but this illet has affected a great deal. Initially settled, mike cannot help but eventually hangs by Alla sinceharas. For some time, they spend happy time together. But when the Mike's company is threatened, he tries to have a deal with a motion with this effort with this effort. Not only his effort is useless, they also cause to leave Elala. A year has passed and alla has gone back to his old job. Mike, then succeeded with his new company, knowing Willla is the only love. But a very adult allala is able to be able to see her duplicate for his duplication. It is unhealthy close to gather with two people at the end.
184 ::: Love: Yeu (2015) ::: romance ::: Love is looking for a relationship between friends, family and lovers. The story begins with the roots of friendship that blooms between two 10 years old girls. Unfortunately, childhood friends were suddenly separated due to the death of one of their brothers, and then re -met as young. NHI is now the main singer of the university student and the girl band. She has beautiful but upward boyfriend Hong. On the other hand, the TU comes from a family, his father is fighting despair and their mother works for several hours. NHI co -worker Mien secretly loves TU. As the story develops, girls will soon find unknown feelings. They have to decide whether their feelings to each other are friends or probably more.
185 ::: Kadin berberi (1964) ::: romance ::: Lale is the only girl of a rich family and all his parents and property of their parents. In the sour cream, he welcomes the hair of the hair for erodies. At first they liked each other, but everyone will complete it based on his work. Erol's customers all its fans. The lale calls the river, calls home and acquaints with Maid Suna while taking the role of pedicheris. Erdol and Lale once again gathered, but this time his cousin Kemil wants to share his wealth. Kemil Berol tells about it, so it leaves lira. Kemil and his mother will make a story to kill Lale. Fortunately, the Sunar collapses and immediately announces aircraft. Erol home to home only before laleans and saves it. Police arrested Kemil. Kemil's mother drinks poisoned milk prepared for Lale. Finally, Lale and Erol, Sunana and Erol are married Tayzur.
186 ::: Climbing to the Bottom (2018) ::: romance ::: This movie gets the love story and process of the following common things in Yeria and Regent of Syrian refugees. This film has a good act of fact that the movie and love story. Going up to low movie is the story of love and hungry in the western eccentric and the center civilization of the east and it is doing during the problem in the Middle East and all areas. It's speed makes a variety of living living in living and the writer's desk and culture now sat.
187 ::: Broadcasting Christmas (2016) ::: romance ::: When her partner on the air decides to leave the favorite morning show of America, Veronica Daniels announces that she will choose her new co-host from a handful of candidates who include Charlie Fisher, a local New York news, who is the son of a broadcast legend. However, when Emily Morgan, a human interest reporter to the local station in Connecticut, makes an dispassionate request on the air to be considered for the work, the game changes for everyone, as Emily's declaration video becomes viral and network brass decides to put her to put her in the run. Veronica enjoys a healthy competition that sees that cooking and encouraging candidates to bring their game to the segments and stories they make between now and the Taurus at Christmas when she will announce her choice. As the competition is narrowed and it becomes clear that either Charlie or Emily will get the job, they begin to rediscover a spark between them, which has begun a long time ago.
188 ::: Crimson and Clover (2014) ::: romance ::: The story of a young girl in 1965 raised in a tight and oppressive family that just wants to be dancers, lives her life, is released from the rules and happens her dreams. On the last night of summer, before her life is about to change, her best friend comes out for a night of fun not to forget. The story follows and the bad boy greaser on the crazy summer night in 1965 as they try new things and live a night that never forget. History of love, emotions, hope, dreams, rebellion, courage and romance of adolescents established in the background of the early 1960s.
189 ::: Pavlínka (1974) ::: romance ::: After his parents' death, Paulenka is together by her grandmother Barbora. They both live in a poor mountainous area with only one textile factory, in Sorov. Its owner pays a very small wage to workers and thus increases the yarn beads in each cottage. PavlíNKA also threads the vertebrae and helps in any way it can. One day when collecting plants, he meets Paul Zak, a worker from the textile factory, thus starting the great love of Pavalnka. However, her grandmother is strict, because she is scared to the girl and no one else in the world.
190 ::: Apoorva Raagangal (1975) ::: romance ::: Prawana (Kamal Haasan) returns to health after a bloody battle by singer Bhairi (syririad). The two are slowly attracted to each other and decide to marry, despite their age gap, and the past, with which she is still inexplicable. Meanwhile, Prasana's father (Sundarajan) embarks on a relationship with a row girl Ranjini (Jayasudha). Both relationships get a new twist by adding an unexpected new variable. A few bold concepts have been thrown, but too much of the standard tamilian movie melodrama and reading fairytale matches.
191 ::: Aas Paas (1981) ::: romance ::: Arun accidentally meets Sima and both attract each other. But Seema has a questionable background, which creates doubts in the minds of Arun and his mother. Then Arun is involved in an accident, and everyone believes that he is dead. Seema has been destroyed, and dancing in alcohol, singing and bar, and a person has been raped. Then Arun returns, and Seema is very happy to see him, but hesitates to tell him what happened. Arun takes Sima to his home and introduces them to his family, which is his mother, his sister, Preethi and his grandmother Prem. Seema is shocked and shocked when she sees Prem, as she recognizes him as a raped person. Now Seema has to decide to keep this terrible secret and decide to marry Arun, or completely disappear from his life.
192 ::: Elastic Heart (2016) ::: romance ::: Wes Gleeson suddenly goes that his ex-daughter who suddenly left him, Shannon, was the only one. With the help of his best friend, Taylor, Wes embarks on the mission of winning back Shannon by performing "13 impossible" tasks. All with the hope that once he finds her, Shannon will bring him back in fact.
193 ::: Reprobate (2018) ::: romance ::: An attractive boy from Benji Somerlitan Estate is dreaming of an acting career. Leh is a civilized public school rebellion, activation and street culture. It is young, careless and intense. But when they are tempted to be a crime and drug life for each other for their documentary, they obscure the lines between collaboration and exploitation and their lives are not under control.
194 ::: Growing the Big One (2010) ::: romance ::: Seattle Radio Talk-Show Host Emma Silver has inherited Grandpa Walt's pumpkin farm in Valivile. She did not plan to respect her last wish, which was to run the farm, but loses her job and is forced to host a new 'Green' program. To keep it, he will have to pay a hostage of $ 75,000. By that end, she hopes to win the growing pumpkin competition using Grandpa's winner seed line and farming log. Neighbor Seth Kulene, the city's apprentice (and actually a Stanford Engineering Bachelor), has a difficult time that they need to form a team. The Seattle Radio Call-in Show Host Emma Silver is called back to the small town of Valley, after knowing about the death of her ancestral grandfather, farmer Walt Silver. Like every farmer in Valley, Walt mainly grown pumpkin, as the Valuvoy holds a competitive annual pumpkin competition. Emma has not returned to Valivile, where she used to travel as a child all the time, as her parents were sad when they were going there, while Emma was far away in college. As she is next to family members, Walt worked in the field to Emma, ​​despite knowing that she does not know anything about farming, and works with some seeds from her previous prize winner Pumpkin. , Which is the latest in a dynasty. In a note for him, he asks him to ensure that his feeling of heritage in the farm is preserved, if he does not compare someone who trusts him, he will respect it. She also mentioned that she hoped that she could deal with issues that she could not do during her life, which she learns that at the end of the current year's growing season, the farm is a hostage of $ 75,000. Walt's death reveals some of her new Validyu neighbors, some of which are agenda. The Mayor Kyle Finster of Valley, who is also a bank manager, wants Emma to sell the vault farm to a developer in the name of the city's "Pragati", and to foreclose when necessary to happen. And the next door of Emma's neighbor, Seth Kulene, who earns a living mechanic on his farm, as a living mechanic, wants to buy some pumpkin seeds of the vault, which is his own on Miti Street In an attempt to open the garage, to compete against the Mighty Muffler, the chain outfits coming into the city as part of the progress of the A mayor. Emma also realizes that Seth's plan includes winning the growing pumpkin competition, which has broken a world record of 1,878 pounds for a pumpkin, with a $ 50,000 prize. In combination with work issues arising out of a corporate merger, Emma decided to stay on the farm for the season and tried to win a $ 50,000 prize to save the farm. As Emma tries to learn everyone about farming, including the secrets of other local people and the secret of his late grandfather, she can realize that to take care of the legacy of the vault in the long term Who can be the best, and what she herself wants for her life.
195 ::: The Poetic Savage (????) ::: romance ::: A British writer finds love in two different and equally surprising ways while on a research trip to Spain. Both are changing life; An emotional and the other certainly physically, but the lines could not be more blurred. A series of fortuitous events and the mortal curiosity of one led Beast in the lucid sense in the bullring, but his true fight is with romance, passion and his own consciousness. Ah, and a girl named Cynthia.
196 ::: "Hotel Almirante" (2015) ::: romance ::: Cristina Sanjuan is a young woman who has chosen a strange place to end her life, a room at the Almirante Hotel in Ribanova, in Galicia. No one knows who she is or why she committed suicide. However, it turns out that Cristina had a reason to select this particular scene for her death. The Almirante Hotel reconstructs a love story while the history of the hotel takes place, from its foundation in the second decade of the 20th century to the post-war years.
197 ::: Thug Love (2009) ::: romance ::: Destiny is a 40-some advertisement going through a difficult divorce from her arrogant husband. When she meets Troy, a beautiful, streetwaise artist half, her age, she falls in an emotional relationship that awakens her sensual nature. As his passion increases, his career is in danger. Can she handle struggle and is it all?
198 ::: "BBC 60 Second Shakespeare: The Taming of Kate" (2006) ::: romance ::: The famous shows of William Shakespeare, which is written in the display of BBC 60 Second, focus, and the competition of the most desirable in Bianca's sister.
199 ::: "Untold Stories: Strip Club Confessions" (2007) ::: romance ::: Want to know what's really going on in the strip club? The neon lights call you to step in. A DJ spins. Girls turn under hot lights. But that's only half the story. Your half. Dancers have their own desires. Their inner secrets. Always hidden from view. So far. Tonight, we know everything when we go backstage. All access goes into the cruel fantasies of dancers. Welcome: Untold Stories: Strip Club Confessions.
200 ::: "Lyubimye zhenshiny Kazanovy" (2014) ::: romance ::: Ivan is a successful young man surrounded by the daily concerns of his mother, grandmother and two sisters, and none of the women want to share it with his chosen. And then he makes a fictional marriage to Klava, at first sight a crazy girl, so that family members get used to the idea that he will ever get married. Of course Klava is received hostile, but gradually the measured family structure begins to change.
201 ::: Main Tumhare Bachche ki Maa Banne Waali Hoon (2017) ::: romance ::: Two years after marriage, like most couples, love is lost between old love birds, Saya and Saltak. Rukmini, a neighbor who is a mischief of Saaya, gives her some hints. What will happen next will not only touch you, but also touch you.
202 ::: Hai ou fei chu (1974) ::: romance ::: A girl who likes to play different roles in real life cheated a man for several times, however, the man falls in love with her. For the reason for some misunderstandings, the girl marries another man without considering. Her bad husband torture and deceives her father to get family fortune, leaving the girl full of regretting losing true love.
203 ::: Sa-rang-ha-ni-gga-gwen-chan-a (2006) ::: romance ::: (English subtitle Korean) Mean-Hook would never have guessed that she would meet her dream girl, Babli Me-Hune during the school festival. From that day, Mean-Huuk tries best to do Woo-on-night, escorting his house, filling his locker with roses ... Despite all his efforts, Me-Hune suddenly disappears one day and "sorry" he The only word is that he leaves behind.
204 ::: That Thing Called Tadhana (2014) ::: romance ::: Films "Where does a broken heart go?" Asks questions. And tells the story of a woman struggling to meet the requirements of the airline luggage that meets the person coming to help her. In both the disappointed with love, they make a charming friendship that will take them to the cage in their efforts to improve each other's hearts. By ruining its recent breakup, the mess has no choice but to go to its homecn Ount Ntree and move on. With the help of a new friend, she went to random places in hopes of getting rest. Where will the broken heart of the mess take it? Will it be towards recovery? Heart pain? Or another romance?
205 ::: "It's Alright, Daddy's Daughter" (2010) ::: romance ::: There is nothing necessarily wrong to be daddy's daughter. It means you love your father, and your father adores and maybe it ruins you to show his love. But for Eun Chae Ryung (Moon Chae won), more than her older sister Ae Ryung (Lee hee jin) and young brother Ho Ryung (Kang won), being a daddy daughter means she did not It is only broken, but also that she relies a little about her father, Eun Ki Hwan (Lee Jeong Kil), to take care of everything in her life.
206 ::: Anjaana (1969) ::: romance ::: Raju lives with his widowed mother, Janki, in a small town and works as a garage mechanic. One day he meets Rica Rachna Malhotra, and after some misunderstandings, they both fall in love with each other. When Rachna's guardian, Diwan Mahendranath, discovers that he prohibits Rachna seeing Raju again, just as he goes to Raju's house and humiliates his mother, because he wants Rachna to marry his son, Ramesh. An enraged raju wants to avenge this humiliation and decides to teach Mahendranath a lesson. I find the help of his maternal uncle, Chamanlal Kapoor, and together they manage to deceive Mahendranath and make him renounce all his money. But at the last moment, Mahendranath discovers that he has been deceived, and together he and Ramesh conceive a plan that will bring Raju and his knees, a plan that will change their lives forever.
207 ::: Married in a Year (2011) ::: romance ::: You can also find true love. Ask the thousands of happy couples brought together by the star Patty Stender of Bravo's CEO and Bravo's hit TV series "Millionaire Matchmaker", Bus The millionaire's club matchmaking service. Now the bandage can help to make your wedding dreams come true with marriage in a year-her proven, easily 12 months action plan to find love. With your expert knowledge and up-beat, no-buck approach, the bandage will inspire and guide you through all stages.
208 ::: Fighting for Love (2020) ::: romance ::: The grumin loved a man and now he surrounded her. The inconvenience night, kissing and regulations want their break. He turned his whole world in a lol and now do with the lions. In this free autumn, can they survive each other? "
209 ::: Bednaya Liz (2013) ::: romance ::: Joe Sokoloff, who is seriously with Canadian police, is going to a remote country to handle his beloved grandmother's last desires, but his plans fail immediately when he comes to his historical homeland, when he is robbed on the train. He is ready to receive his travel experience, he loses his train and finds himself in a small village area. The villagers look at 'white statsun', and he is settling down into the unknown world of many strange people. People here indulge in newly born puppies, they eat fish in the river and even beat their children. Joe takes only a few days to start understanding the villagers and after admitting them into his heart, he falls in love with a beautiful local girl Liza. But his integrity and outdoor abuse the girl who had been kidnapped in the past, his mother, did not understand the intentions of Canadian, and eventually sees what his little daughter likes her in this bumbling outsiders.
210 ::: Made to Measure Man (????) ::: romance ::: Garth Matthews, Dean of the College of Law at Chicago, is receiving millions of dollars in a prominent European institution, just to find that now the main suspect in The Global Art Steft Ring The Charity Joals! And if this is not enough to reveal, Matthews falls in the beautiful Julia and mystery, which coincides with the Emperor's granddaughter of the Foundation. Or is it? "
211 ::: "Confess" (2017) ::: romance ::: At the age of twenty -six, UB Baran Reed has lost everything important to him. In his fight to rebuild his scattered life, there is no scope for her goals, and there is no scope for mistakes. But when she goes to Los Angeles Art Studios in search of a job, she does not expect to find a Deep Vanda attraction for the mysterious artist working there, Oven Gentry. For once, UB burns a chance and controls his heart, just to find out that Owen keeps a big secret to coming out. The magnitude of his past threatens to destroy everything important for the UB burn, and the only way to bring his life back to the tracks is to cut the oven from it. To protect their relationships, all oves need to be confessed. But in this case, the confession can be more destructive than the actual sin. The UB Burn Reed is committed to keeping his challenging past behind and on track of his future. Now in the mid -twentieth decade and for his only son, he is struggling to fund his custody fight for his custody, hitting the art studio of talented and charming artist Oven Jentry. They both wrestle with their developing romance and secrets until they realize them, they can risk their future if they do not reveal their paste with each other.
212 ::: Jedes Jahr im Juni (2013) ::: romance ::: Every year, in June, Casa Bávaro Elke Richter visits the family in Halle, in the GDR. There he meets his friend of the Gregor Pohl family, an equally married carpenter, and a secret matter begins. After his family ceases annual visits due to the promotion of the husband in the communist regime, the adulteress organizes to meet on vacation 'Spearte', as in Prague. After the Glasnost of Gorbachev leads to the fall of the iron curtain wall, everything changes, but Gregor chooses to emigrate to Canada.
213 ::: "Desperate love" (2013) ::: romance ::: It was love at first glance. When the Mongolian Princess Mei Li (Li Sheng) arrives in Beijing with her father, a Mongolian prince, Prince Jing Yuan (Mickey Er) saves her from the fall. They separate without learning the names of the other. Mei Li and her father visit the Grand Kaiser widow (Pan Ying Zi) in the palace, and the Grand Kaiser -Witwe likes mei Li immediately.
214 ::: "Jie Jie Li Zheng Xiang Qian Zou" (2012) ::: romance ::: Drama Go! Go! Go! It is a sweet romantic comedy that focuses on the life of Wang Ming (Ruby Lin), a 30-year-old screenwriter involved with three men of different ages. Wang Ming Ming finds herself pressing an idol "has been" called Eason (Jiro Wang) and decides to throw it into the main role of her drama. Soon it becomes clear that Eason's acting ability is missing and the main actress threatens to rest. Fearing his drama, Eason set out to seduce Wang Ming Ming and secure his role.
215 ::: The Girl behind the White Picket Fence (2013) ::: romance ::: This feature film was filmed with Polaroid and Super-8, Al-Maksab with Monology Poetry, this Mizali film creates the perspective of dynamic words and images, a dreamy story that transmits Malik, Van Saint, and torn pages from a single girl magazine.
216 ::: Tumhari Kassam (1978) ::: romance ::: Vidya, her brother Raja, live a bad lifestyle with her uncle maternal side at a young age. While the uncle is not in the city, the responsibility for the household is on Vidya's shoulders. Raja takes a little crime and runs away from home. Vidya takes over the work of a maiden fan in the house of a wealthy family. While he takes care of her tasks, the alcoholic son of the wealthy family molested her and wants to bother you and be intimate. After a fight, Vidya can shake it off and run away - out of the house - into the street where it is approached by a frenzied vehicle. She is taken to the hospital by the owner of the vehicle, lawyer Sunil Kapoor, where she finds out that she has lost her view. Vidya is destroyed by the accident, not able to see and find her missing brother. There is no visible sign that someone comes to support them. Will Vidya and Raja ever meet again? What happened to Raja?
217 ::: Anjaana (1969) ::: romance ::: The region lives with his widow's mother, Janki, in a small town and works as a garage mechanic. One day he meets with rich Malhotra Malhotra, and after some misunderstandings, the two fall in love with each other. When Rachna's guardian, Diwan Mahendranath, reveals that he stops Rachna from ever seeing Raju again, as well as going to Raju's house and humiliating his mother because he wants Rachna to marry his son, Ramesh. An angry Raj wants to avenge this humiliation and decides to teach Mahendranath a lesson. He includes the help of his mother's uncle, Chamanlal Kapoor, and together they managed to deceive Mahendranath and making him give up all his money. But at the last moment, Mahendranath reveals that he has been deceived, and together he and Ramesh conceive a plan that will bring the Raj and his mother to the knees - a plan that will change their lives forever.
218 ::: Gangster (2016) ::: romance ::: Gangster is a Indian (Bengali) therapy of Bistra Daspet and Mimi Chakraborty in Mimi Chakraborty in life. The story of love, sexual abuse and reprisal. This film is reduced to different conditions of Turkey and some parts in the clock.
219 ::: "Gitanas" (2004) ::: romance ::: Gitana was a famous Sopa opera that presented the lifestyle of Gypsies. Love triangles, the requirement of virgin women to get married and what the trunk is against everything related to outsiders. Everything they believed is challenged when one of the girls outside the tribe fell in love.
220 ::: Dil Sala Sanki (2016) ::: romance ::: Ever since the cloud was eight years old, he has fallen in love with violence. As a role model, he chooses local mafia leader Bachh Babu. As he grows up, the passion of Batal increases like a batcha. One day, by chance, he gets an opportunity to join Babu's gang. He meets a girl named Megha and at first sight he falls on the heels for her. However, she does not want to do anything with her. Megha's father, Sharmaji, who is a government school teacher, knows that Badal is harassing Megha. With the help of his journalist friend, the child goes to Babu and tells him that Budl is causing trouble in his daughter's life. Bachcha Babu assured the journalist that from now on Badal will not bother Megha and her family. During the events, Babu collides in Megha and finds that he wants him - at any cost. Bachcha Babu goes to the extent of killing his own wife to marry Megha. When Badal finds out that Bachcha Babu is so crazy about Megha that he has killed his wife, he rebellows against Bachcha Babu. Bacha Babu, meanwhile, organized his wedding with Megha. When Badal comes to know that the child Babu has kidnapped Megha, he crashes his marriage and takes Megha away. Now Badal and Megha are on a unique journey because they have to hide the child from Babu and his goons. In this journey, Megha discovered her love for Badal. The question is, will they avoid their followers?
221 ::: Oru Oodhappu Kan Simittugiradhu (1976) ::: romance ::: Watch the full movie Odu Uodh Kappu Con Simitukiradhu Online on Erosnow.com. Oru Udhappu Con Simitukiradhu S. Ravi accidentally killed his friend who tried to harass Radha. Ravi gets life imprisonment in jail but fortunately he is forgiven and will be released six years later. Will he unite with Radha?
222 ::: Priya: The Charming Girl of India (2016) ::: romance ::: The movie opens where a girl is running to secure her life from some of the people who run in front of him with weapons. She finds a house to save her life. It was the home of an army officer (Aamir Khan). She tells Aamir Khan about how some Russian merchants were about to kill her. They killed her parents, firing at the house while she was out for cooking hours. The story begins when Aamir knows that they have also killed his father and all this is related to their past. In the meantime, Priy and Aamir fall in love with each other and the story is constantly.
223 ::: Love Overboard (2012) ::: romance ::: The S.S. Love & Happiness is the cruise ship known to make romantic dreams, but the passengers of this trip are a turbulent group. Of the captain (Sam Logan), who is more concerned with tracking down women than directing the ship, to the couple (Carl Payne and Tammy Townsend) hoping to rekindle their marriage and the divorced man (Khalil Kain) celebrating his new independence, Everyone on the board crashes the boat. Can this ship are straightened up and relations saved before the end of the trip, or do these dream holidays sail in the event of a disaster?
224 ::: Bolshaya lyubov (2006) ::: romance ::: Set in 1962 Soviet Union. A Soviet army general (Pochenkov) is manipulated by her mother's aging to marry someone in a hurry. After meeting and sleeping with several women, the general goes for a beautiful flight attendant, but she and the people around her do too many problems causing mishaps, misunderstandings and confusion. Then he gives up and asks for a complete stranger to marry him, just to please his mother. Obviously, this is a bad game, but the general, still under his mother's spell, cannot see the truth, until his best friend comes to help ...
225 ::: "What If: Aka Laow" (2014) ::: romance ::: The series revolves around Layla who is married to Ghaith but is demanding with his work, she feels an emotional void because of carelessness, until she meets the visual artist JAD, and a secret love story arises between them. Is a series adopted by the film (betrayal) produced in 2002
226 ::: Laura está sola (2003) ::: romance ::: Laura is a young and independent girl who seems to have always been resolved with her boyfriend. But, one day, he meets Ricardo and finds out what sex is and forgot all kinds of prohibition. Cited every Wednesday: just sex, no questions asked.
227 ::: Chand Ke Paar Chalo (2006) ::: romance ::: Anisa and family goes from a small class in the classroom and Lustnow to Mumbai. Anisa had the opportunity to kill poisonous family, the publishers of girls, and he tries to make himself in the desirable new world.
228 ::: Taking a Chance on Love (2009) ::: romance ::: The couple continues to go on, the successful story is successful. His pride and joy, David, said suddenly, he was leaving the baseball, with his education. Really leaving collesy, looking for the attendance of Arts. The king finds that by someone who saw someone who saw it, the Pendist Peyton Mcgrudar. He refused to put a marriage, but to look down on Christine, the daughter of his youth. The reader reads him to change the unnecessary reports and genuine love set for Peyon, while the king receives dreams in New York.
229 ::: Il maestro di violino (1976) ::: romance ::: The violin teacher at the Peruzia Conservatory in Italy is preferred by his female students and the rich in the town. Later he realized that he was a great concert soloist and had to give up his career because of his drunken wife.
230 ::: Married in a Year (2011) ::: romance ::: You can also find true love. Ask the CEO of the millionaire club matchmaking service and the star of Bravo's hit TV series "Millionaire Matchmaker", brought by the bar stagner. Now the bar can help your wedding dreams come true with a wedding in one year-a proven, 12 month action plan to find love. With its expert Junowledge and up-beat, with a nonsense approach, the bar will encourage you and guide you through all stages.
231 ::: Freundinnen (1994) ::: romance ::: Sofia is on her relationship with Peter. One day when you are in the middle of suicide, you meet Olga, which helps her all night. Both women get to know each other better and have some difficulties with their lovers. Although they are completely different, they are fascinated by each other. Sofia also begins to be fascinated by Olga lovers.
232 ::: That Thing Called Tadhana (2014) ::: romance ::: The films ask the questions "Where are broken hearts going?" And tells the story of a woman who is struggling to meet the luggage requirements of airlines who meet a man who comes to the rescue. Both in desperation of love, they form a charming friendship that will take them to Sagada in their attempts to restore each other's hearts. Destroyed with her recent break, Mace has no choice but to go to her home country and to continue. With a help of a new friend, she went to random places in the hope of finding comfort. Where will Mace's broken heart bring her? Will it be in the direction of recovery? Heartache? Or another romance?
233 ::: Klein Karoo (2013) ::: romance ::: Young teacher from whales Kill Ferrera has its own strength to ensure the success of the project in the Small Farm School, a small farm. Tsibil dreams of providing safe shelter in the school, alcoholism, especially in the seminar of alcoholism, especially in the weekend. The problem is that Kibil's dream is at risk of falling before you drop out there. The city of calfisa is sold, and none of the buyers are interested in its project. Even his wealthy husband and the festival of his project or children can be disturbed by his wealthy husband. Tsibbyl's final opportunity is the director of the global enhanced fund, to visit Klain Caro, to support its project, finance its project, finance projects. Then France Coetzeee is in our story. The heart wounded movie, along with his team, along with his team, along with his team, it is necessary to create documentary films about social promotion in this area - and they will forget the women, love and all baggage. Then Kibil and France gathered and their worlds are completely upside down. If he decides to listen to his heart, he is forced to give up his dreams or a true love that realizes his dreams? Is it ready to get another chance to love?
234 ::: The Sleepmask (2010) ::: romance ::: Audrey is a new therapist. Her husband - Francois is a surgeon. They live together; The same condo, the same garage, the same security cameras see their images day after day. Francois works night shifts in a hospital. Audrey works day. They see each other once every two weeks. As their life's ambitions continue to share them, their feelings for each other grow stronger and stronger until one day Audrey reveals a strange way to stay together.
235 ::: Moondru Per Moondru Kaadhal (2013) ::: romance ::: Gunasekaran is an enthusiastic social worker, who is also a student at London Economy College and Malika is a physiotherapist, and the couple meets the sea. Guna tried his hand to persuade Malika, does her heart win? The third husband is Varun and Anjana and begins in 2016 and then returns to 2012.
236 ::: Thirumannam Ennum Nikkah (2014) ::: romance ::: Raghavan (Jai) and Vishnu Priya (Nazriya) meets a train from Chennai to Coimbatore and travel under false identities like abubaker and ayesha. Both work in IT companies and fall in love. Since they have known each other as Muslims, they continue their love relationship pretending to be Abu Bakr and lived. The hero goes to the extent of a Muslim preacher interview, to learn more about religion, while the heroine tries to drink goodness in her richness and culture from her best friend. However, one day they discover their true identities and fall out of love. Both of them realize that they were in love with a dream -like character. Will they meet as a husband and wife in their religion?
237 ::: Ayaash (1982) ::: romance ::: Circa 1930 during the British rule in India, while most Indians were working against the British to leave India, Thakur Jaswant Singh lives a carefree rich lifestyle, surrounded by his friends, who are alone for a good time Have to drink alcohol and look at dancing and watching Courtesans every day. The day of Jaswant starts when he wakes up, and it can be early in the morning or late in the evening. One day one of his friends, Sansar, introduces a young man named Amal, a photographer by profession, and Jaswant hires him on the spot, with a generous salary and accommodations. Amal accompanies Jaswant everyone, including his frequent journeys for various Courtisanes, and takes lively photos. Then Jaswant meets an eligible young girl and marries her. A few years later she likes a son, Naresh. Jaswant finds out that Amal has taken an unusual interest in Naresh, including calling him so that he can stop following Jaswant's footsteps. Jaswant warns Amal, only to find out that Amal Naresh has beaten. A furious Jaswant fires Amal. Seventeen years later India is free from British rule, Jaswant becomes a widower, Amal is released from prison together with other freedom fighters and Naresh will soon get married. It is then that Jaswant encounters a medallion that once belonged to his wife. Jaswant opens the medallion in the hope of seeing his photo, but is stunned when he sees another man in the medallion. The question remains whose photo Jaswant saw, and why would his wife have the photo of another man in her personal medallion?
238 ::: Leung sheung ching yuen (1993) ::: romance ::: The murderer cannot assassinate his target and try to escape from pursuing bodyguards. With the help of a woman who meets the hotel, he can escape the detection by pretending to be Gigolo. After that, he becomes a tenant in her house. She hates him at first because he still believes that he is Gigolo. But they eventually fall in love, and he clarifies her true past. He abandons his life as a murderer, but has to face the last conflict from a rival assassin for a reinstatement VEN.
239 ::: Colin Hearts Kay (2010) ::: romance ::: Brooklyn depending on Colloonist Colin Jensen to be with her girl, Kay Ho. Colon is calling us a very dangerous journey from his memorial to reveal the wrong and three years of personals and the victim. By the end, it is in Colin to clear the mistakes of the past and arrive in the lesson learned to win his love.
240 ::: Nivarana, the Box of Desires (2014) ::: romance ::: It tells the story of Susu, an arm beggar girl who loves dancing and that runs through many adventures before he discovers the truth about life and death. The film is set in Mandalay and is set against the rich cultural setting of the city, where Susu begs, later works and falls in love.
241 ::: Amami, Alfredo! (1940) ::: romance ::: A brilliant singer is a love with a composer with a request but, during one of her performances, she crashes and a doctor warns her that she never wants to sing again. Since its contract with the opera company specifies that its loved ones / composer work is only part of the repertoire if it sings, its work seems to be doomed.
242 ::: Intu Mintu Londonma (????) ::: romance ::: Intu Mintu London-MA is a romantic drama for two modern Nepali individuals trying to walk the brilliant line between tradition and modernity. When IT (Intu) and Meera (Mintu) meet by chance through their usual friends in London, they unconsciously fall for each other just to discover their fate depends on a difficult choice. Would you follow your tradition or follow your heart?
243 ::: The Poetic Savage (????) ::: romance ::: An English writer finds two different and as amazing ways while on a real journey for Spain. Both are changing life. One emotionally and the other without questioning physically, but the lines cannot be more vague. A set of fateful and curiosity events of his mortal leads to the discovery of animals in the most transparent in La Plaza de Toros, but his true struggle is his own love, passion and conscience. Oh, and a girl named Cynthia.
244 ::: 101 ci qiu hun (2013) ::: romance ::: Ye Xun, a musician, and Huang da, a small owner of a construction business, who usually do not share their paths, met each other when they were on their respective blind dates, since their lives began to connect. However, Xu Zhuo, a man who has a past with Ye Xun, has once again entered his life. Who will choose Xun?
245 ::: Mero Euta Saathi Cha (2009) ::: romance ::: Jahahai has also spoil his grandfather's herd of his grain. When he graduated from college, his grandfather will send him back to his inse betting where length of the length makes him a friend. Sheikh, Jaya's destroyed childhood friend, helps the Jeet, pushes his humanity. But, the Sheikh is very sick. She shared her dreams with jay - to build the draws where he lives. Jays know that this life that he can do better, where the money is not important, full of concessions. Can he save the sheikh and marry her? Will their dream come true? Will the Glory again inherit his compensation asset?
246 ::: You Only Live Once (2016) ::: romance ::: You only live when life is the 18-year-old characters again (Jelhi). "They are facing the competition of the tournament and relations between the communication," they are facing breast cancer. "We have changed themselves, and in the end Change your complex relationships and distorting relationships on the patient's cancer patients. The film tension of the film and the film is unique because it's up to the four leading female characters. They are up to the tunnel. Looking for light. They remain in the worst circumstances and challenges in the optimistic and funny.
247 ::: Kannethirey Thondrinal (1998) ::: romance ::: Vasanth (Prashant) comes in at first glance with a girl (Simran) he once sees at a train station and continues to lean on the occasion afterwards. At the College of Best Buddy Karan of Vasanth is an unusual head who does not have some friends to interact with his family. Over time, we discover why this is so, and how it affects the future of Vasanth with Simran. The unimative fare, quite standard for the late 1990s, early in the 2000s, with a lot of screen space for Prashanth to work its 'romantic action' image.
248 ::: "Miley Jab Hum Tum" (2008) ::: romance ::: Miley Jab Hum Tum (when we met) is a young-pulled television series that was aired on the Indian television channel Star One, a premiere on September 22, 2008. The series successfully lasted two years before ending November 19, 2010. This show is about falling in love during the college leg and developing relationships for a lifetime. The reconstruction of Miley Job Hum Tum will be aired in the US on TV Asia from March 4, 2011.
249 ::: Van Gog ne vinovat (2008) ::: romance ::: Denis Valevsky is a 45-year-old businessman, he has a furniture factory. He makes a tough thing, a fight with his bored woman and clearly measures his life - with dollar bills. The only thing to be appreciated is money. But the car accident throws Denis unexpectedly out of his routine. Suddenly he begins to notice things that he had never been interested before: forms of flowers, silhouettes on his wife's dress, unusual wall paper colors ... inspired by these new skills that Denis spends all his attention paintings, gradually throws all his companies . by heart. As a result - he misses a profitable deal, partners remember their money back, and when a young lady artist appears in the life of Denis, everything changes in full confusion ...
250 ::: Prem (2007) ::: romance ::: This is a story of a young boy whose family was destroyed by a greedy man. Prim's father had a fleeing business that he won by deceit. The story evolves when Prem decides to take revenge, even if it involves killing everyone on its own.
251 ::: Controlling Love (2009) ::: romance ::: A depressed computer technician is tortured only with the lack of full support in his current relationships. He turns his attention to a sexual sex operator for his emotional well -being. The two make a quick friendship and start taking care of each other. Discussion about living with your best friends, in a shared coffee shop leads to a needed slip. You have to be careful to break the rules of the company, but an opportunity session may change the rules. A angry girlfriend, unhappy parents, and then decisions that can change all of your future forever.
252 ::: "Di xia tie" (2006) ::: romance ::: A beautiful blind DJ with a beautiful heart, Jingjing is taking the subway to the radio station, and Yun Xiang, who is having work problems, also takes this train home. The two have been on the same train several times, it is as if they had been played by Destiny, they never met. But on this day, the Yun Xiang of cold blood is actually witnessing someone who snatches the jingjing bag, while supporting Jingjing, who had fallen, is attracted to this refreshing blind girl who did not run into conventions. He runs after the thief and returns the jingjing bag, and also gives his hand painted umbrella to Jingjing to be a temporary substitute for the blind stick, which had landed on the subway rails. Jingjing is very grateful, agreeing to meet again. Find again, the hibernator seed watered by spring dew, will be grown in a bright and fresh flower. Will they meet again? She is unknown to Jingjing, she is also unknown to Yun Xiang, after all life is full of unknowns.
253 ::: Annabelle's Affairs (1931) ::: romance ::: After just 11 hours of marriage, Annabelle and her husband are not knowing how to be separated-each other. In the mining enterprise to Annabelle, her husband gave stocks and told them not to break up with them. Annabelle, extravagant spender, her husband has to give stocks to the millionaire opponent. Hearing that her husband is returning home, Annabelle plays a cook at her husband's house. Her husband arrives but is not recognized to Annabelle. He is now the captain of his opponent. Annabelle is falling for this mysterious captain.
254 ::: "Sabor a ti" (2004) ::: romance ::: Successful engineer Leonardo Lombardi caught his beloved wife Raisa cheating on his best friend Federko, he meets Miranda, who has to leave his medical pediatrician studying to help his family with his financial difficulties Is. When the family is evicted, things get worse when the owner of the building, who actually hire Leonardo Miranda to take care of her two children and sick grandfather. Despite his constant mistrust in women, Leonardo soon falls in love with Miranda. But to secure a happy life in future, their relationship will have to stand against Raisa's anger.
255 ::: Hum Tum Pe Marte Hain (1999) ::: romance ::: Devyani is an activist of a woman and social worker, who lives in Bombay for several years. She has a younger sister, Radichika, who is marriage. Devyani would prefer that Radhika be independently, financially and another, instead of relying on a man. When Rahul Kumar comes to live in the neighborhood, he is instantly attracted to Radhika, but first he has to prove his worth to his sister.
256 ::: Pitching Love and Catching Faith (2015) ::: romance ::: The charming, competitive, soft, sweet and sweet player header is used to win ... but with the kids he tends to strike when he realized that he was not their kind. He is a competitive, charming and sacred base player, who has not kissed ... so what happens to the header trying to get his first kiss, and Tyler tries to get his heart to launch Help your baseball profession help? This leads to a competition that ignites a series of pleasant flogs of the chase of the cat and the mouse that will be interested in the end. Falling in it was not part of their plan ... so Tyler must now choose between his dream and header. And he has to choose between love and loneliness.
257 ::: Anjaana (1969) ::: romance ::: Rajamo lives, living with his widow's mother in a small town and works as a grash mechanic. One day he met with the rich richlyphani pakshara, and after a few misunderstanding, both fall in love with each other. When the ribble actress, Divan England Nin was nin, he turns home to the rab, he wanted to marry his son, rim. A delicate path wants one to steal that nation and decided to teach Muhammada. He applies his mother's uncle with help with help, kidbalam, and jointly loses fools and all his money. But in the past session, finds the Mohammad Tank that he is a plan in a plan that changes the rim and his mother.
258 ::: Princess Hwapyung's Weight Loss (2011) ::: romance ::: When Princess Hwapyung falls in love and marries the man of her dreams, she thinks she will live happily ever after. But after finding out that her new husband finds her repulsive and instead falls in love with one of her servants, she decides to take revenge by becoming irresistible.
259 ::: Chhailla Babu (1977) ::: romance ::: Rita (Zeenat Aman) is saved from a fatal fall during skiing by a local guide called Chayla Babu (Rajish Khanna) in Kashmir. Rita Chiala finds multiple embodiment of her tour and soon they became fast friends. However, Rita is forced to return to Mumbai after she was informed that her uncle had been killed and that Chalala was the main suspect. Rita decided to kill Ciala and take revenge, but she was confused when Chiala saved her life from a striker. Who is Chayla and what is after? Enjoy watching this crime movie reveals.
260 ::: Bloody Isshq (2013) ::: romance ::: نتاشا د هوټلونو د عقاب د عقاب د عقاب د عقاب د عقاب علیه ده، د برش، افسر او یو منطر. While traveling to a party, he meets with a accident which is threatening to life, but it was not for the availability of Nyran password. Nerhman saves harmsha from the accident but the worst attracts her to her, but not being alternate that can be used easily. One of his friend one is enthusiastic and nirah but what is something that even eight was thought about it. He really comes for him, I don't know that Nazeera is married with his comfort who remained in a secret. What happens again
261 ::: Lovers and Friends (2006) ::: romance ::: Three hot women bring their bachelor party to Sin City, and find out that everything is fine in Las Vegas! So good that after a wild night the future bride wakes up the next morning, married to her last fleece before he married lovers.
262 ::: Omar & Salma (2007) ::: romance ::: The story of Omar, the son of a rich businessman, who was in a relationship with a model "Farah", and he decided to forget him after a fight with his manager in a club, with whom he cheated on her. Her friend introduces her to a new colleague Salma, who recently went to the university, had a difficult past when her ex -boyfriend who cheated her with her mother and had to try her best to win her heart.
263 ::: Married in a Year (2011) ::: romance ::: You also find true love too. Just ask for thousands of blessed stanger, a millionaire stunning service and browly dream of the branch and the dreamer of your marriage. Your marriage dreams are true to marry in a year - Her steady pursuit of 12 months to find love and delaying the love of love, no deliberate behavior, the furnitures will encourage you over all steps.
264 ::: Christmas in Homestead (2016) ::: romance ::: One of the most famous actresses in the world is heading for the city of Homestead, obsessed with Christmas, Iowa, to shoot a film on the theme of the holidays. She is thrown for a loop when a romance is prepared between her and the guardian of the Inn and the single father, Matt. While she has a taste of the living of a small town, she discovers the true sense of Christmas. Stars Taylor Cole and Michael Rady.
265 ::: Coffee Ani Barach Kahi (2015) ::: romance ::: What happens when two young men meet and start admiration for each other? Someone takes the initiative, express feelings, then if both feel the same, and click it. However, what happens when Jaai and NISHAD meets is a mistake comedy. Jay is a girl whose romantic ideas are crowded with all Indian films. While Nishad Love is an illusion, it is surprised by the fact that people are very desperate to fall in love. What is typical, but the truth contradicts the attraction. Falling in love is an easy process for Jay, while Nishad tries to find out how a person like Jay can like. It becomes difficult to digest. After a lot of thinking, when no other option leaves but accepting the fact that it fell for it. Since they love each other, the next step will be "the man asking." Jaai's proposal should come from Nishad, while it is believed that they will get there mutually. So even after each other's admiration, being stubborn, they adhere to their opinions, in order for an accident where they need to make a final decision. Do they meet or stand their ways? Well, we all know the end. However, the film is not related to the destination, it is a movie on the journey that ends with the beginning.
266 ::: That's What Friends Are For (????) ::: romance ::: Amy's father died 12 months ago. 9 months ago is tried without success. During that time she was engaged with her ex-boyfriend and her current employer. They ended the commitment because Bill does not catch up with her College's best friend Jason among other reasons. Amy started going to Ashton 6 months ago. Amy's other College friend and Rebekah co-worker begins to suspect that something is romantically going between Ashton and Jason. Amy's worst fears are confirmed; Ashton and Jason formed more than a friendship, and in the process of Amy facing and processing this she realizes that she is much stronger than she thought. She is also able to process her father's death and finally move on in her life.
267 ::: Broadcasting Christmas (2016) ::: romance ::: While his on-air partner decides to depart America's favorite Morning Show, Veronica Daniels has announced that she will choose her new co-hosts from a handful of candidates, who is the son of Broadcasting Legend, who is a local NY Newscaster. However, when Emily Morgan, a journalist at the local connecticut station, applies an influential on-air to consider the job, the video of Emily's announcement goes viral and the network decides to put it on. In the race. Veronica enjoys a healthy competition that she looks boiling, and encourages candidates to bring their game into segments and stories between their game and Christmas day, while she will announce her choice. As the competition is compressed, and it becomes clear that Charlie or Emily will get a job, they begin to resume a spark between them that began a long time ago.
268 ::: "Artemisia Sanchez" (2007) ::: romance ::: XVIII century. Calabria is amazed by the southern part of Italy, violence, gangs and abuse of power. However, there are some people in this punitive country, and some people wish you progress and justice. We are finding an independent woman with an independent woman with Euchariist car, Euchariistic servant, Artemisia Salamçess, strong character. They share confidential and forbidden passions.
269 ::: 6 nyeon-jjae yeonae-jung (2008) ::: romance ::: Film about dating and relationships. It does not deal with the type of head-over-heels, a knight-in-shining-armator that is usually linked to a "romance." This is the love that pierced, nags, and sometimes even defeats you. The kind of love that can lead us to join every time, but only to get back to her arms only in one gesture of heat. 6-year-old lovers show the true kind of love that a number of relationship guides, romance and films have come to neglect: the love that real people face in real life. This is what distinguishes this film apart from its predecessors. By showing the honest truth about the kind of regular love, almost Mundana that real people experience, this allows the audience to really relate to its characters and the daily dating problems they face.
270 ::: Love or Money (2001) ::: romance ::: Two people, beautiful, Daniel and Samanthha, television to be married. They have never seen one another. When the move has happened on television, it's really starting. To combine the price price of a million pounds, they should be together for six months.
271 ::: Sheng Nu Mi Ai Ji (2017) ::: romance ::: The independent and pretty bachelor Ying, Xiao Le (played by Maggie Qin), is on the journey to find true love. After a day, she made the wish out of the desired tree, unpleasant instances took place all the time. Finally she found that all cases of Chen, Qi, the type who really loves her. In the end, they felt in love and married.
272 ::: The Melody (2012) ::: romance ::: Wayne, a famous singer and songwriter arrived at the worst moment in his life when he realizes that his fame will fade. He cannot face the real victory and escape from the city to stay quietly in the province of May Hong Soren, where he meets Mock, a girl who is a specialized pianist who becomes an inspiration for him to recover his fame.
273 ::: Van de Velde: Das Leben zu zweit - Sexualität in der Ehe (1969) ::: romance ::: The 2nd Franzpef Gottlib films are based on Dutch gynecologist Van de geeky. Reports about the fake booklet of the most popular school student "Van De Geis" in the Gotley "Van De-Geese" tried to take a scientific approach to various sexual opening in the field of communication. Admission to a documentary direction allows you to introduce multiple graphics and RISQUÉ not specified in Germany during this time.
274 ::: Ankhon Mein Tum Ho (1997) ::: romance ::: Prem Kapoor lives in a rich lifestyle with her grandfather, as she died in a plane crash when she was a child. Since that day, his grandfather had nothing, as he refused to listen to his astrologer, who warned him that the journey would endanger his life. Now he always advises his astrologer on any important matter. When Prem introduces her to worship, he immediately approves her, but when her astrologer informed her that Pooja Kapoor is quite disqualified as she would eventually kill her husband within 12 months of marriage. As a result, Prem and Pooja are unable to get married, and soon Prem realizes that Pooja is married to another rich person named Pratap Burman. Then a year later, Pooja was arrested for the death of Mohan, Pratap's uncle and his mother, Mrs. Burman and Pratap, and Pratap barely survived a effort on his life. Now, a lawyer, a lawyer, should now determine whether there was any truth in the astrologer's prediction, and if yes, why Pooja killed her mother -in -law and Pratap's uncle.
275 ::: 6ft Above Sea Level (2015) ::: romance ::: The life of Dawn takes place in flames: his work is zero, the notes slide and in addition to all that, the surfer of Dawn breaks with it without reason. Determined to bring the guy back, Dawn ventures on the beach in mid-October to learn the profession of "catch a wave" and see what all the features of the hurricanes season are.
276 ::: The Triumph of the Rat (1926) ::: romance ::: Pierre Boucheron, alias 'the rat' and a former awareness of the underworld, now lives the high life as the man of Zelie de Chaumet. But when she learns that he is planning to marry another woman, her revenge follows him into the darkest depths of Paris ...
277 ::: Ottepel (2008) ::: romance ::: The Great City Dealer Nutasha trip through the bus through the bus. She needs to make it for a major session. For the past six months, he goes to online history ceremonies, where she visited, who he has seen him. But no one is waiting for her in the empty bus stop - the same anader, who happens in the right place in the right time, and has nothing to do about the meeting. Bus leaves, and Natashas are only all god to themselves where you know.
278 ::: "Xi fu de mei hao xuan yan" (2012) ::: romance ::: Mao Rongong is a simple and happy girl. The boys love him. However, he did not find it right. He is a dentist when he is thirty years old. He was arrested in a secular manner, he married with a couple with a couple. Yu's family is big and complex. So their marriage is full of constraints. He corresponds to Lyu, his mother-in-law, his mother-in-law, his sister-in-law, her husband, his husband, to her husband's little sister, to "Tomboy". Moreover, he must always fight with the former woman of Yuu, who does the stage. However, he treats all the difficulties with a kind heart. For example, he set up his mother-in-law, and yu considers the son of a boy as a child. After suffering "After happy suffering, Mao be pregnant and the family live happily together." Drama is a Chinese typical ethics bright comedy. In a quiet and bright atmosphere, it is conducted by a positive attitude to life and feel the beauty of life.
279 ::: Climbing to the Bottom (2018) ::: romance ::: The film carries a love story with a twist and dose of reality printed on the Jordanians, as well as the Middle East Regent with all the influx of Syrian refugees. This film has a true documentary of real images as well as a love story .. to be awarded. Climbing the lower feature film is a love story with a deadly passion between Western civilization and the Middle East civilization and also occurs during the concern in the Middle East and the entire region. It is a journey of the documentary with real scenes of the daily life of desuetud Humans of some and of course a love story from the writer's table with real -life love stories in two different cultures ... Stay tuned.
280 ::: Alexis Takes a Dare (2005) ::: romance ::: Alexis and her Coed friends take their shy roommate Freddie's wild sexual fling while competing for the same job after graduating from college. This is not clogged, forgotten something "sexual" when girls try any erotic tactics to distract Freddie to win the challenge!
281 ::: Ennavale (2001) ::: romance ::: James Vassance and his three friends are all different disabilities and struggling with musicians playing at weddings. They rent a room in Rakshmi's father's house, and James and Rakshmi fall in love. After the proposal by Laxmi, the group has been successful in their music. However, the course of true love is never running smoothly ...
282 ::: Milyonerin kizi (1966) ::: romance ::: Beautiful Ali will meet Leila at Airport, Ali Leila works for his father. Leyla wants to be close to Ali and will be his secretary. He talks to Ali's girls. They get married, but the former lovers of Ali don't rest. Leila is jealous. He has a plan and uses Abdul Osman, who uses Abdul Osman, and he is interested in it, but he wants to make her husband envy. Osman tells Ali, not Leila, but Leyla tells the contrary! Ali Leila will meet with Osman and everything will be fake. Ali promises not to deceive him and all issues will be resolved.
283 ::: Aao Pyaar Karen (1994) ::: romance ::: The rich sun lives in a palace's house with his mother, Anjali and Dad. When her wedding time comes, her parents get a suitable match for her, but instead they marry a woman from a poor family, opposing her parents, who her wife And asks them to make an alternative. Suraj chooses to live with his wife, and goes out. Years later, Suraj's father left his wife alone to take care of business and huge property, and promised that she would never welcome Suraj in this house, nor any of her children to this house In. The sun and the wife pass away tragically due to an accident, leaving a son named Raja. One day Anjali receives a telegram in which he was informed about the king that he was coming to settle with him. She instructs her employees not to let the king go inside the house, so the king picked a tent on his lawn and hoped to win and invite him one day. She succeeds, and Anjali welcomes her with open hands. Since she is of marriageable age, she wants to marry a beautiful young woman who was the daughter of Supat Rai, rich in the name of Sonu Rai. But the king loves a servant shadow of his house, which is quite unacceptable for Anjali. At Chhaya's house, his brother, Shankar, opposes his marriage to the king, and would like to marry Maniram. It seems that history is ready to repeat itself because both Chhaya and King have taken an oath to marry each other and no one else.
284 ::: Annabelle's Affairs (1931) ::: romance ::: After just 11 hours of marriage, Anabel and his wife are not separate-they don't know how they really look. Annabel is given to a mining company by his wife and is told not to participate with them. Annabel, a strange spndor, has to give the stock to his husband's millionaire competitor. Annabel, hearing that her husband is returning home, is considered a chef in her husband's rival home. Her husband enters but not recognizable for Annabel. He is now working as a rival captain. Annabel considers itself to fall for this mysterious captain.
285 ::: Bolshaya lyubov (2006) ::: romance ::: Set in 1962 Soviet Union. A Soviet army general (Pochenkov) is manipulated by her mother's aging to marry someone in a hurry. After meeting and sleeping with several women, the general goes for a beautiful flight attendant, but she and the people around her do too many problems causing mishaps, misunderstandings and confusion. Then he gives up and asks for a complete stranger to marry him, just to please his mother. Obviously, this is a bad game, but the general, still under his mother's spell, cannot see the truth, until his best friend comes to help ...
286 ::: The Poetic Savage (????) ::: romance ::: An English writer finds two different and as amazing ways while on a real journey for Spain. Both are changing life. One emotionally and the other without questioning physically, but the lines cannot be more vague. A set of fateful and curiosity events of his mortal leads to the discovery of animals in the most transparent in La Plaza de Toros, but his true struggle is his own love, passion and conscience. Oh, and a girl named Cynthia.
287 ::: "Hate to Lose" (2011) ::: romance ::: Hen two divorce lawyers who are married want a divorce from one another, can the procedures be civil? Yeon Hyung Woo (Yoon Sang Hyun) and Lee eun Jae (Choi Ji Woo) are experienced divorce lawyers who fall in love at first sight.
288 ::: Der indische Ring (2008) ::: romance ::: The German Rijnland Wine Estate heir Andreas Landsberg has left that company to become a doctor and work for a few months in Udaipur, India, where luxury in Maharajah style still contrasts with abject poverty. Now he invites his widow mother Anna. She hoped for his return, but is invited to his approaching wedding with the Indian higher class modernist colleague Savita Singh. Andreas' friend Ferdinand Weißenberger, an Austrian her age, hires her while she is struggling with the shock. And the Savita family wanted to marry a ruthless rich man who will not give her up.
289 ::: "What If: Aka Laow" (2014) ::: romance ::: The series revolves around Layla who is married to Ghaith but is demanding with his work, she feels an emotional void because of carelessness, until she meets the visual artist JAD, and a secret love story arises between them. Is a series adopted by the film (betrayal) produced in 2002
290 ::: Chhailla Babu (1977) ::: romance ::: Rita (Zint Aman) is rescued from a deadly fall by a local guide called Chaila Babu (Rajesh Khanna) in Kashmir. Rita finds Chaila in several avatars during her tour and they soon become a fast -paced friend. However, Rita is forced to return to Mumbai after her uncle's notice that her uncle has been killed, and Chala is the main suspect. Rita decides to kill Chala and take revenge, but when Chailla saves her life from an attacker, she gets upset. Who is Chaila and what is he? Enjoy watching this crime trailer.
291 ::: Der Ruf der Berge (2005) ::: romance ::: After an international profession where the dog was whispering with his reliable dust, the psychologist for animal Stephen Sotner returns to a school to search for search and rescue dogs in his hometown of his village Elmau with his single births at his home in his late home. The Xaver Riedel local mud, who took care of the place for a long time, is taken on board, but still obeys his "father with adoptive", the mayor of the manipulative Christopher Wikjar, who wants the lands to create a profitable hostel. Local veterinarian Marion Brookner Sahar Stefan, who helps after the harsh start in agreeing to stop a mountain slope of her brother Ralph Al -Shadala School. All peak about dramatic rescue. .
292 ::: Lagna Pahave Karun (2013) ::: romance ::: Aditi Tilak and Nishant Barve launched a marriage bureau called "Shubaviviva", focusing on arranging marriage which would never break and last forever. They introduce a new process of "scientific marriage forming" bypassing the horoscope matching process. Rahul and Anandi became the first couple to marry through Shubev. However, unexpectedly Aditi and Nishant faced the challenge of the city's most skillful astrologer to Nalini Dixit, who claims that the marriage would not work because their horoscope is not being matched. Will Aditi and Nishant be able to accept this challenge? Will they be able to work for Rahul and Anandi? Look for it for him.
293 ::: The Blood Between Us (2015) ::: romance ::: Romance, adventure, and the story of an incurable desire for freedom, "The Blood between us," describes the story of two young lovers, Gypsyem Charaway and the village girl Jesse Cameron. Fine them ...
294 ::: Mero Euta Saathi Cha (2009) ::: romance ::: Jay is too spoiled to inherit the enormous wealth of his grandfather. When he does not graduate from the university, the will of his grandfather sends him back to his ancestral village where he made a friend long ago. Shikha, Jay's alienated childhood friend, helps Jay rediscover his humanity. But Shikha is very sick. She shared her dreams with Jay - to rebuild the orphanage where she lives. Jay realizes that this life where he cannot choose anything, where money does not buy anything important, is more precise to him than a full privilege. Can he save Shikha and marry her? Will their dream come true? Will Jay re -in his ancestral wealth?
295 ::: Language of Love (2018) ::: romance ::: A euro tunnel love affair as a mild English way Martin meets passionate Yvette and Parisian Firery. The one who promises to be perfect seemed intended thanks to m-understanding, who are struggling in the language, former lovers do not want to leave him and distance apart.
296 ::: The Siren of Seville (1924) ::: romance ::: The story of a young man who wants to play on Broadway. Her father sends her to a night life to NYC. He arranges a job for his son in the city but he also sees that the young man gets as difficult as possible. The young man gets everything forward as per the plan until a young telephone operator is found. He was in trouble in the past, but he enters more while defending it. The film has a surprising yet satisfactory end. It was also filmed in the center of the city and on the Lower East Side. Road Locke plays the role of Roger Bentley and plays the role of a Gish telephone operator from Dorothy. Ernest Torres is a father.
297 ::: Big Business Girl (1931) ::: romance ::: Undergraduates of college Clair Mcintur plans to win the business world, and the guy grew his dynamic group to Johnny Paris. Eventually, Claire maintains a special Effician Robert Clayton source (more than one). He soon went up between his achievements and legs. But Johnny's unexpected return leads to the era of romantic misunderstanding. Cleetton from one side and other blonde pieces of Claire and Johnny?
298 ::: "The Secret Lover" (2005) ::: romance ::: Is love enough to maintain a relationship, or is prosperity and status necessary in a modern relationship? Choi do Kyung (Kwon Oh Joong) is with the young Ji (Han Ji Hye) with the SEO boys, but he ends with her because she has a bad background as he has and he is determined to marry a rich woman to improve his station in life. Do Kyung pointed his eyes to the beautiful Jung Ah Mi (song Seon Mi), which is a plastic surgeon.
299 ::: Chhailla Babu (1977) ::: romance ::: Rita (Zint Aman) is rescued from a deadly fall by a local guide called Chaila Babu (Rajesh Khanna) in Kashmir. Rita finds Chaila in several avatars during her tour and they soon become a fast -paced friend. However, Rita is forced to return to Mumbai after her uncle's notice that her uncle has been killed, and Chala is the main suspect. Rita decides to kill Chala and take revenge, but when Chailla saves her life from an attacker, she gets upset. Who is Chaila and what is he? Enjoy watching this crime trailer.
300 ::: That Thing Called Tadhana (2014) ::: romance ::: Movies ask questions "where are broken hearts go?" And tells the story of a woman who is struggling to meet the needs of air bags who meet a man who comes to her help is someone. Both in love despair, they set up a beautiful friendliness that they would walk in their efforts to be on their efforts. Destroyed with her last brake, mis no choice no choice except to go home and run on. With the help of a new shining partner, he went to random places in hopes of finding comfort. The Mis Broken Heart will take it? Will it be toward recovery? The heartache? Or other romance?
301 ::: Dünyanin en güzel kadini (1968) ::: romance ::: Türkan's mother, a singer in a cheap night club in Izmir, dies on stage. That night, Türkan sings instead of her and meets a beautiful and rich businessman Fikret, whom she fell in love at first sight. She cannot be with him because she knows that she is nothing for him. Türkan comes to Istanbul, where she takes music lessons from a famous musician Necmi Firat who asks her to become her mistress. She rejects this proposal and after a series of lucky events, becomes a famous singer in the famous stars pavilion. Fikret takes a bet he will be with her, he does not recognize her, while Türkan has not forgotten her. Although the relationship between them started on a bet, Fikret falls in love with her. Tükan discovers that Fikret used her and tries to commit suicide by throwing herself into the sea where she hurts her vocal cords and can no longer sing. Yusuf is a young composer who writes songs for Türkan and likes him very much. The title of the film is one of those songs that become very famous. Fikret loves Türkan and Türkan likes Fikret but because of many misunderstandings, they cannot become together. Fikret saves her and finally he can be with the most beautiful woman in the world (Dünyanin in Güzel Kadini).
302 ::: Café Memoria (2015) ::: romance ::: Café Memoria is a new restaurant in the city and hoping to create memorable experiences for its guests. It's a weekend, and you have forgotten to buy food for breakfast the day before. With nothing to spend breakfast, you think go out in Café Memoria. When you arrive, you will surprise a friend of your female, which happens in a beautiful waitress. He is quite shy and very conscious, but he does his best and gives you a table. How memorable he will be of an experience for you? Do you come back and eat again?
303 ::: Making Love (2014) ::: romance ::: Quincy Hampton grew up torn between two worlds. His father, who is a white and prominent leader of the small community in Alabama, is running for re -election as mayor. He seeks Quincy's support as he urges him to grow up and finally finish college so that he can take over the "family business". Meanwhile, Quincy's mother, a black socialist named Mimi Hampton, is absolutely disgusted by the idea that Roger tries to make Quincy follows her "white steps". Increased that Quincy will not reject her father's proposal, Mimi is trying to force Quincy to choose countries in his angry divorce. In order to escape from the permanent tractor of the war, Quincy finds solidarity and acceptance among his friends, and thus eventually encounters a woman who causes him to question everything he has ever believed. Now, exposed, vulnerable, and finally they can accept the truth, Quincy finds the courage to return home and face her parents for the last time.
304 ::: Ready for Love (2007) ::: romance ::: Four women, all of them with different words, men and relationships. Jacqueline ignores men in a relationship. But despite one who is free from it, he decided to use the opportunity to love him and find themselves and his spirits, insecurity, and words and trying to get someone. Life in real life, a good matter, laughing at.
305 ::: Have Faith (????) ::: romance ::: After an accident that brings him into a coma, John, who has deviated from his faith, is made by God, living the bodies of strangers and deciding their fate in certain moments of danger. Julia, his girlfriend, who has blamed his life preservation, is seduced by demons and encouraged by angels not to have or have in human form in human form.
306 ::: Nenjil Jil Jil (2006) ::: romance ::: Nenjil Jil Jil -Film is about a group of 10 people winning a competition and being taken to London for a free trip. Anand meets Priya, both winners of the game and they both fall in love. All characters share their feelings in an alien country and become addicted to each other as a magnet. Rishi (Manish) who is a tourist guide. He decides to separate the loved ones and is planning to marry Priya. The rest is a cat and mouse game between Anand and Rishi and how their love wins all the problems.
307 ::: Jeena Sirf Merre Liye (2002) ::: romance ::: Pink alpha is only fojara (Kuyrena Kapoor) and User (Circle) has a childhood. At this time they promise they will only live for each other. They separate them shortly but they don't forget their race. Poleja properly searching her love, but no advantage. He finally decides to write his story in the form of love story. This story is very popular, and puja turns to meet with karan, just for that he has a girl in the name of the right.
308 ::: Patterns of Attraction (2014) ::: romance ::: Attraction patterns is a romantic comedy that emphasizes the importance of dedication, true love, the breaking of old love patterns to create a new beginning. Celeste and Shane write partners and romantic partners. Shane is not ready to settle and commit to one woman, although he and Celeste live together and have been in a relationship for more than two years. Both struggle with their personal problems and learn to accept each other constantly despite their mistakes. Their love for writing is the band that keeps them together, but Shane's many things is what tears them apart. Celeste finally comes to the point that she is ready for more in the relationship and has given Shane an ultimatum. She learns difficult lessons about loving a man who is not ready for the same level of dedication and is confronted with making a number of difficult decisions. Shane always shops for that perfect woman, but because of his store addiction he realizes that this pattern destroys him and the way he likes it. Shane has accepted patterns of how women showed him how to love in the past and he tries to break these patterns and start a new life with Celeste. He must make a decision to change his patterns or to lose Celeste forever. In his attempt to understand his patterns, Shane is looking for his problems for his problems, but is it too late? Is Celeste all the tired and ready to continue? Shane and Celeste's "Patterns of Attraction" can make or break their relationship and change these patterns can influence them for the rest of their lives
309 ::: Leung sheung ching yuen (1993) ::: romance ::: A murderer is unable to kill his target and tries to escape from the pursuit of bodyguards. With the help of a woman he encounters in the hotel, he is able to escape from detection by pretending to be a gigolo. Later he becomes a tenant in her house. He still believes that he is a gigolo, she initially does not like him. However, they eventually fall in love and he reveals his true past to her. He gives up his life as a murderer, but must experience a final confrontation of a rival murderer for revenge.
310 ::: Deha (2007) ::: romance ::: Sandhya Joshi's mother wanted her daughter to study, at least her degree in the trade before getting married. However, her husband thought differently and before Sandhya was able to complete her training, he married her with Madhav Desai, the first man who enters Sandhya's life. The marriage plays and Sandhya is moving in with Madhav and his mother. Madhav makes it clear that a child wants it to have passed for years without the couple being doing. The second man who enters Sandhya's life is Lakshman, whom she does to make the cooking and household. The third man is Anirban H. Pandopadhyay, a violinist who lives in a rented apartment. Sandhya does not know that the police will soon be arrested because she killed one of the three men in her life. Watch events develop to see who was killed and what Sandhya had to kill him.
311 ::: 6ft Above Sea Level (2015) ::: romance ::: The life of these will go down in the flames: her work suck, the grades are slipping and above all, the friend-friend of them break up with her for no good reason. Determined to bring the fella back, these ventures come out to the beach in the middle of October to learn the "wave catch" craft and see what the entire fuss of the hurricane season is.
312 ::: Ya yu xia yang (1973) ::: romance ::: The destruction of tears from a husband, who fell between his wife, who is getting blind and his sympathetic girlfriend, has all the three characters, played by 3 of the most actors in Taiwan in such qualitative films during that period. Zhang, Leo is very popular, evergreen now.
313 ::: The Philosophy of Stars (????) ::: romance ::: Theodore, the householder has a gift, leading his monononudly where the extermination. Theo believes the star to be only mineral, combine of helium and hydrogen, he believes that they have secretly exposed. They share their own initiative, and it is misunderstood and without problems. It is in his holy spirit to understand. Only once can the world be defined by the world it can produce the world that has a new way of seeing.
314 ::: Drogam: Nadanthathu Enna? (2010) ::: romance ::: Drogam Nadanthathu Anna is based on a real event that happened in Mumbai. Electric power goes when a young police officer loves his wife. So the inspector goes to light the candle. At that time a stranger accepts the supervisor's wife who cannot recognize the person. She thinks she is her husband. The stranger has recorded the incident in his cell phone. The stranger blackmailed the woman showing this clipping and asked her to love her. It is the rest of the story that agrees or not. New faces are performing important roles of teenagers, Sassi and Lee.
315 ::: Mohabbat (1997) ::: romance ::: The wealthy Kapoor family consists of Madanle, his wife, guitar, daughter, Roshan and son of Gorav. One day, while Gorav is returning home from the Eastern Trading Bank, he is attacked by a group of men led by Shiva, but a young man named Rohit Mutotra comes to save him. Gorav hires Royit in his company and both friends become fast and inseparable. Both unconsciously fall in love with a woman, but she finds Goravo and decides to step. Shota and Rohit are in love and want to get married. Then Shiva attacks Rouhit and drives him away from a cliff. Believe in him that he is dead, a shocked and devastated shocks loses his voice. Cappers understand that Goravo loves Shota and they approach his brother, Shikhar and arrange their marriage. A desired shotgun gives his accent. Then he begins to see Rohit, while Gorav begins to get away from him and is unknown to anyone, hiding a deadly secret. The question remains is that Shweta delusional is, and what exactly is Goravo's secret that he doesn't want anyone to know?
316 ::: Kole dlya snezhnoy baby (2007) ::: romance ::: Kate is a charming but single woman. She had two serious relationships in the past, and the two ended with a difficult split that left her heart broken and disappointed. Kate's boyfriend added even more misery by cheating him on New Year's Eve. She does not know yet that New Year's Eve will wonder miraculously all her life ...
317 ::: Chand Ke Paar Chalo (2006) ::: romance ::: Anisa and her family move from the lower middle class to Laknau to glittering Mumbai. Anisa has opportunities with the family of glittering Singania, the publishers of Girls Desi Girls, and she struggles to make room for herself in this new glamorous world.
318 ::: April Moon (2007) ::: romance ::: April is a blind but fiercely independent and talented sculptor with a dark past that keeps everyone who knows a safe distance. Then he meets David, part of Cowboy, part of Geek, who sees through his pain. But has enough understanding to overcome its deepest secret, one that threatens to destroy them forever?
319 ::: Sheng Nu Mi Ai Ji (2017) ::: romance ::: Independent and beautiful bachelor's Ying, Xiao Le (Playing Maggie Tsin), in finding a true love. A day later he wished for a wish tree, awkward conditions always, and finally knew that he was in charge of guy, ci, ci. Finally they felt in love and married themselves.
320 ::: Cruising (????) ::: romance ::: On board a cruise ship that sails to the Bahamas, Kevin, 17, decides to view the departure of the ship from the large observatory. While looking at the Manhattan's skyline, a man attracts a leather jacket and a Mohawk attracted Kevin's attention in his early 40s. The man films the past buildings and his friend talks to him, so neither of them notes the somewhat shy Kevin in love with the cute guy. After an apparently long dinner with his brother, his mother and his stepfather, Kevin is finally free to wander alone. He initially pretends that he is going with a group of teenagers, but is determined to find the man. The image of his Mohawk and leather jacket makes Kevin of anticipation and he is willing to search the entire ship to find it. After many hours, when he is almost ready to give up, Kevin sees the man and walks towards him without hesitation. The man looks at him and laughs, but the music is so loud that it is a challenge to talk. Anyway, Kevin wants to meet this man, but the only conversation starter he can think of is to ask if his septum piercing hurt when he had done it. The man laughs and laughs while shaking his head no. Kevin sits next to the man to listen to the live band that Rock 'Roll songs from the 80s plays. The man can see that Kevin is flirting, even if neither of them talks. After a painful moment, Kevin tries to start another conversation by saying that he would eventually want the same piercing. The man laughs and asks if Kevin is even legal. When Kevin explains that most states allow sex after 16, the man laughs and whispers his name in Kevin's ear. "I'm André."
321 ::: Les vacances de Noël (2005) ::: romance ::: Noel Godin and Jan Bucquoy are two Belgians that, after the two have had a less than successful love life and a very messy artistic career, launch a showbizz world attack through the Film Festival. This universe where the image manipulates the substance unscrupulously will become the theater for a conflict between generations through a number of motley meetings. These meetings are often bitter but always touching. In this romantic documentary, the almost frantic search for love and young people portrays a refusal to accept the passage of time and its end, which inevitably continues.
322 ::: "Blissful Dandelion" (2013) ::: romance ::: On her 12th birthday, Lynn Chia-Tug's ('Kai-Suan Tazeng' (QV), despite her deadly situation and abuse at the hands of her relatives, she maintains her positivity and looks at the future with optimism. What changes occur for Chia-Tug, when very rich and pampered, does it come to the Lee-Husing ('Danson Tang' (QV) scene?
323 ::: Flannel Pajamas (2006) ::: romance ::: A study of a relationship that starts quickly, burns clearly and then becomes rocky, not a person's thing, but from an accumulation of civilization and its dissatisfaction. Stuart is glib and generous, Nicole is shy and frank. He doesn't love her best friend; She becomes the antics of his brother. She wants children sooner. He is a poor listener, she breeds. Both have divorced parents and their families more difficult for their lives. Is love enough to see them through?
324 ::: Love Exchange (2015) ::: romance ::: Love Exchange is a romantic journey of a culturally opposite couple -Siddharth Sathe and Shanoo Kapoor. They meet at their workplace, become good friends and end up falling in love. Things are going well until they decide to get married. Sid and Shanoo belong to two different cultural horizons from India. Sid, a marathi boy, and Shanoo, a punjabigirl. Before being able to face their love in front of their parents, parents are all ready to separate love birds due to cultural confrontation. Mr. Sathe (Sid's father) and Mr. Kapoor (Shanoo's father) come together as a team and intentionally established a condition for staying at home for 3 months to better understand culture. To be together for life, there is a difficult battle to come for the couple. Because it is easy to fight and rebel, but much more difficult to convince. Will the love of Sid and Shanoo for each other support the battles? Will they succeed in convincing their parents and going to their marriage?
325 ::: Time and Fate (2005) ::: romance ::: Fate pulls two people together, but they cannot accept what happened. Time rules everything in the universe, including fate. If you do not take what fate gave you in the right time frame, time will turn your fate into something else.
326 ::: Cilveli kiz (1969) ::: romance ::: Kirz is a road seller, who is trying to collect enough money to operate his father. Rich Harrullah Bay's son Aydin loves Bar singer Oksan. Hairullah opposed his marriage, meets Kirj on the ship and asks for his son's help to stop the marriage. Kirz has to attract the Idin and will get money for surgery in return. Aydin does not leave Oksan, Kires is disguised on his wedding day because the bride and adin are surprised as soon as they open the veil. Oxon is only after the money from the adin. Kirz and Adin fall in love, but now Hairullah Bay is against their marriage. Kirj says that he is married. Idin goes to see his father and discovers the truth. Herullah Bay and Adin search for Kirz who have already left home, they want to organize things. So they do!
327 ::: Becoming Men (2002) ::: romance ::: Nothing is equal to the ultimate conquest, as our first sexual experience. It is a mystery, mystery, and a new adult responsibility. This is the story of the real life of a young man who has taken the last step of a journey to masculinity since he was a boy. Great photos, magnificent people, and frank interviews capture the joy and fear of sexual awakening and reveal memories of the early experience of defining our lives. Broadway, the awarded the Tony Award, and the film star Alan Coming, talks about this delicate view of youthful passion, including the current information for making a more secure choice. It is essential for all men.
328 ::: April Moon (2007) ::: romance ::: April is a blind sculptor but it is very independent and talented with a dark past that keeps every person you meet at a safe distance. Then she meets David, part of cowboy, part of the obsessed, who sees through her pain. But does he have enough understanding to go beyond her deep secret, which threatens to tear them forever?
329 ::: Barkha (1959) ::: romance ::: Ajayat is a poor farmer who borrowed his land with the Haridas Zamandar. Ajayt falls into the bad books of Haridas, and as a result, he loses his home and property, on the same day of his sister's marriage. It loses its mood and attacks Haridas and is arrested and imprisoned. Her sister, Parwati, is abused alone, but is saved by the son of Haridas, Dr. Menohar, who eventually marries her. When Ajit is released from prison, he comes to Haridas's house with a sharp knife, bent at any cost and does not know that his sister is married in this family.
330 ::: Aaram (1951) ::: romance ::: The attractive La La has three suites. The first one is an artistic painter Siam, which provides his heart and shares his friend, Chamanlal. While the trio is busy hunting down others, Lira meets Lani, a local Lani, she takes fantasy to Lera, invites her to the palace, and introduces her to her son, Kumar. When Lilla indicates that she loves Siam, Kumar and his mother are conspiring to be friendly with Sham, so helping to draw in his own art gallery to beat Rira. please. Before Lilla decides, she will be invited to a hud lam, named Bagwan, the third forbody. Bagwan does not intend to release Rira for any amount of ransom. La La, who is young, beautiful and attractive, wants to marry her lover, Siam, and professional painter. But she asks him to wait a little, Siam lives with his friend, Chamanlal, and can pay for his friend's help. Lilla can reach out with the Queen, Sita. Shita likes her and invites her house, a beautiful palace. When she goes there, Cita's son Kumar falls in love with Lilla. He immediately suggested a marriage with her, where Rira is left in the dilemma, whether she marries Siam or Kumar.
331 ::: Zill-E-Shah (2008) ::: romance ::: KULSOOM (NOOR) is engaged with Sarwar Shah (BABAR Butt), but she is deeply in love with Zill-e-SHAH (Shan). Later, Zill-Shah (Shan) killed Sarwar (BABAR ALI) and was sent to prison. When Zill-E-SHAH returns from prison, he finds KULSOOM (Noor), who married Sarwar (BABAR ALI )'s older brother Abid Shah (Safqat Cheema). She is not comfortable, so so is Zill-E-SHAH. Zill-E-SHAH has hired alcohol and Chinese companies while trying to forget his past. So he meets the dancer, Sitara (Zaima), and they fall in love.
332 ::: Ein verlockendes Angebot (2007) ::: romance ::: The 'Tim Trageser' TV drama (QV) focuses on a couple whose love goes through a crisis when a weekend relationship begins. Jan and Maria are a young and happy couple, living in the country with their young daughter. When Maria receives the temptation offer to work as a chef at a refined Berlin restaurant, Jan confirms her intention to accept. However, they beat more and more than each other after a while ...
333 ::: Alor Khonje (2015) ::: romance ::: Alakenath (Shyamal Bose) is a school teacher. Her daughter (Priya) is an educated girl and is good behavior. Alakenath wants to marry an engineer Rick (Chandramoli) with his daughter. Tamal (Akash) is an antisocial student who is the student of Alkenath's school. Protesting this crime. The axis is raped by this anti -social. Rick has been separated from the axis life. This story revolves around the struggles of life and life -centric justice.
334 ::: Lyubi menya (2005) ::: romance ::: Shurik is a talented stylist, but like any stylist he works with inspiration and now he can be fired because he cannot work with his new supervisors Kira. To detect her tastes and preferences and make such an ad that she will enjoy for sure, Shurik changes in women's clothes and hires to be the home of Kira's home.
335 ::: Cheesy love (2015) ::: romance ::: In a small city of Paraguay, a young road, the chipper, the wallet, but Virgilia is afraid if he tells his friend that he really feels. * Chipa: a small, cooking, cheese pedinal roles, a famous dancing and breakfast food in the pagio. It's the most cheaper and often sold on the base and sells in buses with a hot bugs with a warm left.
336 ::: Chhailla Babu (1977) ::: romance ::: Rita (Zeenat Aman) is protected from a fatal decline by skiing by a local guide called Chaila Babu (Rajesh Khanna) in Kashmir. Rita is found in many avatars during her visit and soon becomes a sharp friend. However, Rita is forced to return to Mumbai when she is informed that her uncle has been murdered and the Chaila is a major suspicious. Rita decided to kill and take revenge on Chaila, but when Chaila saves her life from an attacker, she is left amazed. Who is Chala and what is that? Enjoy watching this crime thriller.
337 ::: Dalshe lyubov (2010) ::: romance ::: Elsa is eight years old. For the last five years, she has been the main lawyer for the big oil holding company. Another thirty years of his life are working towards attaining this position. She is at the peak of her career and the next step is the director of the board, probably moving London London, if many international companies should be occupied. An incomplete list of success on the "universities" of the gold medal, the red diploma, the degree, the second Red Diploma ... "Universities". His career was fast and bright but he never managed to have children. Then the problems begin to dissolve on it.
338 ::: "Sete Vidas" (2015) ::: romance ::: The story of the Monava found that with his life's great love, the son also has six other children's father. So starts and respect for their children and respect for their children, as well as his effort trying to win his true love again.
339 ::: Ipsae (2001) ::: romance ::: The Min-Kyu was recently released from prison, as it works as the electric-climbing poles scattered in the gloomy Changshin-Dong. He one day notes that there is an infiltrator in his own world. Da-Hye started publishing the missing person's posts. The min-kyu begins to remove it one by one. But to his panic, Da-Hye continues to replace the one that removed it. Da Hi's only goal in life is to find her missing brother. She lives on hand, but this is the least problems. She also slowly losing her eyesight. Min-Kyu and Da-Hye find themselves attracted to each other because of their pain and loneliness to find a way to heal each other in some way.
340 ::: Controlling Love (2009) ::: romance ::: A depressed computer technician is tortured only with the lack of full support in his current relationships. He turns his attention to a sexual sex operator for his emotional well -being. The two make a quick friendship and start taking care of each other. Discussion about living with your best friends, in a shared coffee shop leads to a needed slip. You have to be careful to break the rules of the company, but an opportunity session may change the rules. A angry girlfriend, unhappy parents, and then decisions that can change all of your future forever.
341 ::: Madhumasam (2007) ::: romance ::: Sanjay is a practical man who believes in reasoning. He hears his mind and ignores his heart. Five is a girl who strongly believes in human bonds and trusts everyone easily. Five loves Sanjay immensely and proposes to get married. Sanjay also accepts the proposal. In a casual Chitchat, Sanjay reveals that he does not like her though he is getting married. He feels it is a marriage of convenience. Sanjay's confession hurts five and she cancels the alliance. As Sanjay slowly realizes the power of love and begins to miss it, five becomes pragmatic and practical by ignoring his motives for forgiveness. The rest of the story is all about ending.
342 ::: Big Al (2017) ::: romance ::: A young gay man and a straight rush in a cheap motel room. The young man wants to lie down. Hurry needs a place to hide. As they eat, smoke smoke and meet each other, a cat and sex game play is played and the line between who uses - and for what is precisely vague. However, in a passionate moment, a kiss - an undeniable physical and sexual act - between men brings its real desires to a conflict.
343 ::: X, Y & Z (2013) ::: romance ::: After 3 years in a relationship with her now indifferent boyfriend, but well, a young girl named Y is ready to call her rest. X reacts by proposing marriage with y at 3 months time. She desperately wants to leave her mother's house and accepts X. The next day meets Z in her work "while I get married at elementary school." As Z naive begins in court Y, a steam case develops quickly between them. Y is dual emotionally desperate and financially desperate manifests when she is unable to choose between X and Mr as the wedding day approaches, true love and monetary security clash in Latin America of Modern Day.
344 ::: Cold Water (????) ::: romance ::: Surfing is the world of sixteen-year-old Iris, and when the ultra-talented zeke enters into her life, it soon becomes her passion. In an astonishing summer, when she is drawn into his sphere, she experiences love, new friendships, but also loss, with an intensity that she never dreamed of. But is Zeke everything he seems? What is hidden under his glamorous and mysterious past? When Iris decides to try her own surfing success, as her ex-boyfriend returns to her life, she will test her talent and feelings for Zeke to the border.
345 ::: Et toi t'es sur qui? (2007) ::: romance ::: End of the high school, beginning of summer. A group of friends spends most of the time together, but they hardly know that each of them has thought about the goal of every teenager: to do it for the first time. And sometimes the limit between friendship, love and desire is very thin, especially if they are 15.
346 ::: The Girl behind the White Picket Fence (2013) ::: romance ::: Filmed with footage of polaroid and super-8, covered with poetic VO monologue, this feature film creates a dynamic kaleidoscope of words and photos, a dream tale that channels Malik, Van Sant and pages detached from the journal of a lonely girl.
347 ::: ...For a Reason (2018) ::: romance ::: There is a millennium in the date of the date, there are a few types of boys that are available today: embarrassed guys, sustainable young, continuous and money. Saved Wise, Encryal, Help and Tracking Life Life Changed Dramatic Type with Maldy with Maldy. In the game of love, boys learn that sometimes takes someone to come to your life in their lives they never experienced.
348 ::: Sujon Sokhi (1994) ::: romance ::: Soleman and Lokman, they are two brothers, quarrel with each other every occasionally. One day, soleman was separated from his brother leaving all his properties for his nephew Sujo. The soleman's wife gives birth to a daughter and dies in her birth bed. Soleman raises her daughter Sokhi. Sujon meets Sokhi while stealing the apple of wood from the sokhi tree. They meet again and again, but no one knows the relationship between them. Finally, they learn their relationship and desire to reunite two families.
349 ::: Community Swingers (2006) ::: romance ::: Aleena (Brain Wash) and her friendship always has a good time together. But when a suspicious neighborhood, disrupt them with loudly, the girls decide to investigate the situation. For their surprise, she is a beautiful beautiful body sider that works in a masterpiece. When the girls participated in their project, they all know how to be how you can.
350 ::: Evol (2017/I) ::: romance ::: Two strangers examine the impossible complexity of a possible relationship after having sex on the first day they meet. They decide to go to a beach resort to find out whether they could be more, things look rosy until hell let us let us on.
351 ::: Broadcasting Christmas (2016) ::: romance ::: When her on-air partner decided to depart the US's favorite morning show, Veronica Daniel announced that she would choose her new co-scientist from a handful of candidates, including Charlie Fisher, which is a local NY There is a newscaster who is the son of a broadcast legend. However, when a human interest reporter to the local connectic station, Emily Morgan, makes an impure on-air petition to consider for the job, changes to everyone in the game as the video of Emily's announcement goes viral. And the network brass decides to put it in the race. Veronica is happy in a healthy competition, which she sees ripening, and encourages the candidates to bring her game into the sections and stories that they now do between Christmas Day Telethon, when she declares her choice Will do it As the competition is narrow, and it becomes clear that either Charlie or Emily are going to get a job, they start searching a spark between them again that started long ago.
352 ::: Vistinska ljubov (2016) ::: romance ::: 1939, before the beginning of World War II and Europe. Aleeksandar Pigger, a lawyer, beautiful of from vels, Macedonia, far away from south of Balkan, all his days alive. All that could have done perfect, if he did not belong to the Son's Son and family the Polk. His mother, RUza wanted his son married his son, and he thinks that it would be not from his father, VitTo Pinto. But the Alexandar wants to get married, voos and VOSA know how to make it happen that. Everything would be ok, if not mess, the worse and unexpected, a lawyandar greater. He is a reader and a man who is well-manned, that is impossible than who is in the Macedonia, who did not accept Macedonians and it is Macedonia. Life perfect, and at the same time, young people, love and caregiver brings alegaandar in their home. As well as Aco. Because he is beautiful, except he's poem of the Paxer's poetry, the Alexander's all day. But, true love is. Indeed during Alexandar and Nade decided to Canada, for Alexandar could not agree with another person.
353 ::: Mary-Kate & Ashley: Crush Course (2001) ::: romance ::: Mary Kate and Ashley have a boy's trouble. They don't know who their secret worshipers are. Help the teenage twins connect secret notes by completing a fun task. At more than 30 levels, we will save whales as marine biologists, captain cheerleading teams, explore mini golf physics, and participate in the staff of the year as a photographer. On the way, you can choose clothes and play with dance squad. Who is the Mystery fans? Multiple endings continue to guess. In single players or two player mode, you can play with your friends or with your twins. A recognized videos choreographer and several famous cheerleaders choreographed dance and cheerleading sequences.
354 ::: Aapan Yana Pahilat Ka (1992) ::: romance ::: Neela is the upset daughter of a wealthy Mahendra businessman. Amol is the only son of Prebhakar Gokhale, a middle -class man. Vicky belongs to a rich family. Chhaya Anshuman's brother works as a clerk for Vicky's father. As it turns out, Amol and Vicky are in love with Neela. Neela's and Vicky's parents want to marry, however she is in love with Amol. The story unfolds when Vicky realizes that Chhaya is in love with her. For Neela and Amol, he sacrifices his love and then falls in love with Chhaya. Mahendra (Neela's father) is against her relationship with Amol, not only of their various economic backgrounds, but as Mahendra was once in love with Vasundhara (Amol's mother). Finally, Amol, Neela, Vicky and Chhaya Elope.
355 ::: Autograph (2004) ::: romance ::: An executive of the advertising, Senthil (Cheran) receives a bunch of wedding invitation cards and travels through places from his past, looking for old friends and lovers. The story, told in the background, participates in the protagonist's boyhood and youth and jumps back into the present in each situation. An interesting experiment in Indian cinema, autograph was surprisingly successful in the cash register for an Offbeat movie.
356 ::: Snowmance (2017) ::: romance ::: Sarah has always been a real romantic, hence her favorite Christmas tradition and built her annual "Snow Beau" Snowman with her best friend Nick. After another falling apart just before the vacation, Sarah starts to wonder if she will ever find her own love. When a small Christmas magic brings her snow to life as the romantic perfect Cole, Sarah has to decide whether she wants to pursue the romance that she has always dreamed of or the true love that has been right for her all the time.
357 ::: Patterns of Attraction (2014) ::: romance ::: Gravity patterns are a romantic comedy that emphasizes the importance of commitment, true love and breaking old love patterns in order to create new beginnings. Celeste and Shane are writing romantic partners and partners. Shin is not ready to settle and adhere to one woman, although he and Selest live together and they were in a relationship for more than two years. Both are struggled with their personal issues and they are constantly learning to accept each other despite their mistakes. Their love for writing is the bond that keeps them together, but the many Shane affairs are what tears them. Selest finally reaches the point where she is ready for more in the relationship and gave Sheen a warning. She is learning difficult lessons about the love of an unpopular man for the same level of commitment and faces some difficult decisions. Shen always shops for this ideal woman, but by his addiction to shopping he realizes that this style destroys him and the way he loves in this process. Shen has taken patterns of how women show him how to love in the past and try to break these patterns and start a new life with Cilest. He must make a decision to change his patterns or lose Seilest forever. In his efforts to understand his patterns, Shane seeks to advise his issues, but is it too late? Have you really tired Cellet and ready to go forward? "Gravity patterns" for Chen and Solit can make or break their relationship. The change of these patterns can affect the rest of their lives.
358 ::: Indián a sestricka (2006) ::: romance ::: In a modern history of Montague-Capulet, two non-matching lovers have difficulty finding happiness in a rash society. Marie is Romanian (many known as a gypsy) and works in a hospital in the Czech Republic. Marie wants to integrate quietly into the culture around him, an idea that violates her brother Tibor, who is proud of his inheritance. Marie, who is already engaged, falls in love with the Czech Frantisek, the best friend of her brother's greatest antagonist.
359 ::: If You Could Say It in Words (2008) ::: romance ::: The first feature of chip and chair films, if you can say in those words is an invaluable, character -based portrait of two very different but similar broken souls. Nelson is a painter with a diagnosed aspirer syndrome, which is struggling to complete the trip -fulfillment on the theme of emotions, which he can only understand at the intellectual level. Sadi is a girl whose dreams of the big city rushed to the house of Philadelphia, where she was not her career, who is not her friend and badmate, who is not her lover, not her career. She is sleeping with her boss, Mark ... which will be surprising for her wife. For Sadi and Nelson, a night stand is in addition. For the first time, Nelson paints away from emotions. Along with that, Sadi has been released from the stress and pressure of everyday "real life". As the week passes, they come to share their secrets freely, but sharing emotions slow down. However, soon, the jealousy and doubts of others will plant doubts in Sadi's head about the future. As Nelson is more submerged in his tripache, he cannot say in words on the canvas, forced to determine which direction he will take. Romantic, cruel reality, if you can say in words, take a long, strong look at the sense of integrity and the irrational ways of the heart.
360 ::: Excited (????) ::: romance ::: What I'm excited about is the newly signed music story that has really experienced rich rags. He was separated from his mother as a child, he grew up alone, armed only with his talent, and he was transported from Africa, a fame and a gentle property, to New York City. His future seemed to be guaranteed, and his stars were in the Ascendant with a famous record label behind him. However, Chrislan discovered that the fame was not different from the gold prison and the inn needed to be sacrificed. A coincidence with a girl's "Lauri" begins to move a series of events that lead to an unexpected conclusion. When the story moves to Paris, the first sign that Chrislan's world does not become the person who needs him. He reunited with his mother and made a decision. During his pressure from his label, Christlan is said to make a choice that he was not ready while discovering his new religion, scrutiny from the media, and love for Laurie. Love, career, religion? This is his battle. The modern fiction novel written by Chrislan Manengs is excited. This book counts feature films, eight soundtracks, television adaptation and animated movies. The first soundtrack was written and produced by Gordon Kaui, the director of Chrislan and Los Angeles.
361 ::: Chand Ke Paar Chalo (2006) ::: romance ::: Anisa and her family move from the lower middle class to Laknau to glittering Mumbai. Anisa has opportunities with the family of glittering Singania, the publishers of Girls Desi Girls, and she struggles to make room for herself in this new glamorous world.
362 ::: Apoorva Raagangal (1975) ::: romance ::: Prasanna (Kamal Haasan) is healthy after a bloody fight by singer Bhairavi (Srividya). The two are slowly dressed and decide to marry despite their age clock, and an earlier relationship with which it is still inextricably bound. In the meantime, Prasanna's father (Sundarrajan) begins a relationship with a younger girl Ranjini (Jayasudha). Both relationships receive a new turn by adding an unexpected new variables. A few daring concepts that were thrown in, but too much of the standard -Tamil film Melodrama and the dependence on fabulous coincidences.
363 ::: Kadin berberi (1964) ::: romance ::: The rail is the only daughter of a wealthy family and inherits all parents' money and property. On a boat tour, she meets the hairdressor erotic. At first they feel that they are attracted to each other, but they are all over because she neglects him for his work. All Eror customers are his fans. The rail calls Eror to the house, introduces Maid Suna as a landlord, and introduces her while she plays the role of a pedicist. Eror and Rails gather again, but this time she wants to marry her to share her wealth. He leaves the rail as Semir tells Eror about it. Semil and his mother make a conspiracy to kill the rails. Fortunately, Sana is eavesdropping and will immediately notify Eror. Eror arrives home just before Semir poisoning the rail and saves her. Police arrested Semil. Semir's mother drinks her addicted milk she prepared for the rails. Finally, rails and erotic, Sana and erotic friends, Tiflu, get married.
364 ::: Premachi Goshta (2013) ::: romance ::: The story of the film is of two strangers, Ram (Atul Kulkarni) and Sonal (Sagarika Ghatje), who meet at the Office of the Marriage Advisor, start talking to each other and recognize each other. Ram is trying to maintain his marriage to Ragini in Office Fissure, an ambitious actress. Ram believes he will come back to him. While Sonal has lost all faith in the wedding and is here to divorce from Semit. They both meet again in a very fantastic situation. Sonal was trying to get a job and came to Ram's Office Fissure without knowing that she would be interviewed by Ram himself. Eventually, Sonell gets a job as a colleague of Ram. Sonal develops a feeling towards Ram. But man with prices still hopes his wife will come back. After reading Ram's story about love, Sonal indicates Ram that he should tell his story to the creators because no one will fall in love after reading his story. He does it and eventually he gets the producer's offer fur because the maker loves the story very much. When RAM was going to propose Sonal, her husband came to the picture and Ram started to stay away from Sonal. At the same time, Ram's wife realizes his mistake of leaving Ram, he comes back to his life, but Ram is now in love with Sonal. They both face a very difficult stage because they realize that they cannot confess their love because of their mutual misunderstanding. After all, Ram's wife realizes that Ram is no longer in her and instead she loves Sonel, she tells Ram to go to Sonel and confess her feelings. At the same time, Sonal realizes that her husband is good for nothing and decides to return to RAM. After such a hustle, they both meet again in the Office Fissure and confess their true feelings, and here ends the story of a simple yet beautiful love story between RAM and Sonal.
365 ::: Enchanted Christmas (2017) ::: romance ::: When she left Utah as a young widow, Laura Toldo left her father, love for dancing, and an old broken heart. Now she must return home and pioneer in renovating abandoned hotels, which needs to be restored in time for Christmas Eve's welfare dancing performance. However, Laura has been shocked to know that Ricardo Arcureta, her old love, and Ricardo Arcureta, a boy who zilled her for a professional dance career, is a star for dancing. 。 And when his dance partner Taylor goes to the show and goes out for auditions outside the town, Laura must intervene for her. Her head rotates.
366 ::: Love Story (2011/III) ::: romance ::: A beautiful stranger on the Rabo Island train becomes the main actress as the object of the real life of desire in this documentary to choose her own adventure documentary about how to write a fictional love story in the streets of New York. The director Florian Habicht presents himself as the protagonist in this interactive and several layers to the romantic comedy of Manhattan in the Woody Allen style. Open New Yorkers and Habicht's father, through Skype's calls, influence the narrative of the film within the documentary. Disrumit the limits of the fact and fiction and push the relationship between the director and subject to new ends.
367 ::: Walk Away from Love (2017) ::: romance ::: Walk Away of Love is the story of Micah (Noree Victoria), a single lawyer who has not been in a relationship committed in three years. After his heart breaks, Micah has no plans to fall in love again in the short term. But after an unexpected encounter with his ex (Robert Christopher Riley), Micah is forced to face his truths and make the most important decision of his life.
368 ::: Beijing yu shang: Xiyatu 2 (2016) ::: romance ::: In the history of Beijing, the new film in Seattle I meets from 2013 and falls in love again. The topic of history deals with family, life and love in a foreign country with scenes, strands of action and events in the four corners of the world. This story develops between two strangers, a PR that works in the casino in the Macau name Jiao (Tang Wei) and a real estate agent in La called Daniel (Xu Xiubo). Due to a book, they had started to exchange letters. Both feel empty in their own space. When the time passed, they had each other as their imaginary friends, gave advice, comfort each other and have a strong urge to meet when they stop answering from each other. The only hint is the title of the book. Will you meet?
369 ::: Sun Meri Laila (1983) ::: romance ::: Rich industrialist Amrish Rai and his wife welcome their American returned son, Vikram alias Vicky. He would like he to marry a beautiful young woman named Nisha, but Vicky is interested in another young woman named Annie, and the daughter of an employee of Rai Industries named David. Then the youth go on a picnic overnight with many other college friends, remember their transport, and two trucks end in the clutches of the operators - from which they survive and fall into a pit, big animals to trap. They are saved by an elderly woman, only to kidnap themselves by a group of female bandits. The leaders of this band feel regretted for the young lovers, and let's go to them - and they try to make their way - only to find out that Amrish appealed to the newspapers that he is one to anyone Will give information about Vicky with lakhs of rupees. This creates an uproar in the community, and young lovers are running away from many crowds. The youth make it home in a piece. When Amrish finds out about Vicky's love for Annie, he gets angry and dismisses David from work, only after workers to rented him again, together with Vicky, An indefinite strike goes on, until Amrish hired David again and hired again. But the anxious makes it clear that this does not mean that he will allow his only son to marry a daughter's daughter - under any circumstances. On the other hand, David, who is afraid of the Rai family, instructed his daughter not to see Vicky again. It seems that this is the end of the line for young heart -breaking lovers.
370 ::: Dil Sala Sanki (2016) ::: romance ::: Since Badal was an eight year old, he has been in love with violence. As a role model, he chooses the local mafia Bachcha Babu Babu leader. As it grows, Badal's passion to become like Bachcha babu grows. One day, by chance, he gets the opportunity to join the Baccha Babu gang. He meets a girl named Megha and falls on the heel for her at first glance. However, she wants nothing to do with her. Megha's father, Sharmaji, who is a government school teacher, reveals that Badal is bothering Megha. With the help of his journalist friend, he goes to Bachcha Babu and tells him that Badal is creating trouble in his daughter's life. Bachcha Babu assures the journalist that he will not worry from now on Megha and her family. In the course of events Bachcha Babu clashes into Megha and discovers that he wants it himself - at all costs. Bachcha Babu goes to the extent of his wife's murder to marry Megha. When Badal knows that Bachcha babu is so crazy about Megha that he killed his wife, he revolts against Bachcha babu. Bachcha Babu, meanwhile, strongly organizes his wedding with Megha. When Badal discovers that Bachcha babu has kidnapped Megha, he drops their wedding and removes Megha. Now Badal and Megha are on a unique journey as they have to hide from Bachcha Babu and his goons. On this trip, Megha reveals her love for Badal. The question is, will they survive their followers?
371 ::: Do Dil (1965) ::: romance ::: Manu is now the heir of the kingdom that is ruled by the queen. He likes to find out what is happening, and gets his monarchy, and wears a simple person and turns around the territory. He meets with beautiful Bijli, and both fall in love. When Bijli introduces him to his father, he recognizes himself as Badal. He noticed that the soldiers from his palace were harassing young girls from this community. Upon returning to the Palace, he realizes that the soldiers are acting at the behest of Kunwar Pratap Singh, and he immediately stops it. It has asked Pratap Singh, and he plans to revenge for this humiliation, with a plan, Manu, queen, as well as Bijli and her society, will endanger the lives of the people in her society.
372 ::: Crimson and Clover (2014) ::: romance ::: The history of the young girl in 1965 in a strict, oppressive household that only wants to become a dancer, live her life, freed herself from the rules and hunt her dreams. In the last night of summer before she wants to change her life, she runs her best friend for an unforgettable night full of fun. The story follows her and the Bad Boy Greaser in a crazy summer night in 1965, while trying new things and living a night that you will never forget. A story of love, emotions, hope, dreams, rebellion, courage and teen romance against the background of the early 1960s.
373 ::: Love is Not Love (2018) ::: romance ::: By the eye of the report and Siren comes to an apocalypse. The connection between men and women are broken and supports them that they are not fixed. Frank, married 60 cities, appear on the streets of the community roads revealing they are all in love. Frank is participating in pursuing hunting, as he chases Rewna, Mexican leader-American-American-American - has been carved, 40 is there. When they meet, everyone attempts to make other mates change their spouse. They fail. When Valentine's on Valentine's and Valentine, Frank tells Paua, his wife 30 years old, his dream and tragedy that says their lives. As they die he told him, dreaming: "I am happy to have you been to you." Paula caused him to repeat that. He does it. They opened each other. In the final place, Ryna again cross in Frank road.
374 ::: "OK Jaanu" (2017) ::: romance ::: Jaanu is a rich 19-year-old girl has a family who can do anything to see her smile. She lives with her family and meets the hero. Ramo, a middle -class boy, escaped from his family to escape from an agreed marriage proposal. What happens when they both meet?
375 ::: Thug Love (2009) ::: romance ::: Fate is 40 things from a difficult divorce from her husband. When he met a troy, it is handsome, the artist along the street, which awakens his sensitive nature. As his obsession increases, he is at risk of driving his career. Can he overcome the conflict and are everything available?
376 ::: Sollamale (1998) ::: romance ::: Post (Livingston) is an honest, not too good looking village artist who comes to City to find a job. He is eventually a banner artist. Shwetha (Kousalya) is a US citizen who loves India and his culture and remains with his relatives to learn "Bharata Natyam". She is a soft natural, loving girl who likes to help people in the disaster, but can't stand it if someone is lying or cheating. She is wrong that Notraj is pretended as dumb and at first regrets him, and later she blooms in love. At that time, it is too late to reveal the truth to her and does not want to risk losing her. At the same time, he is full of blame for not being honest with Swit. In the end, he cuts his own language and becomes a true "oomai".
377 ::: Mor suit nam (2007) ::: romance ::: Magic Boy is a beautiful youthful love story in Mongkok where a girl is in love with two amateur magicians. One in the magic of theater. The other in the magic of the street. More than 30 original magic tricks are implemented in this first full feature in Hong Kong to use amateur magicians as a topic. In his first movie, Anjo Leung is a real student of magic while director Adam Wong continues his sensitive and poetic expression of the fragility of young people, this time using magic tricks as a widow of the fake nature of love. Childhood friends run a Cafe and Leggo as they perform magic tricks for customers. Leggo, optimistic, worry, fond of wing, who works in a live store. The suite was touched by LEGGO's sincerity. But he also sees the purposeful and mature Hei as its perfect partner.
378 ::: Guaruja, um filme maravilhoso (2005) ::: romance ::: Have you ever wanted to play a game but you don't have to play it? Guaruja, a wonderful movie that reveals the lives of two people, Paulo and Angela who found in each other their ideal colleagues. The film was organized in an accidental narration and the preparation is an ideal apartment facing the beaches of Brazil. There they hide and seek, play music, dance and make love. They pretend that they are far from each other, prepare a fictional dinner and eat political nonsense. The couple is interpreted by four actors and each scene brings a different pair of actors to the game. Sometimes a man and a woman and sometimes two men or two women play them. He thus created the idea that this is a common game in many relationships. People of different sexes, sexual roles and ages are welcomed. Paulo and Angela always believe that love is a fun game and life is a game of play.
379 ::: Paraíso (2013/I) ::: romance ::: Carmen and Alfredo has a wonderful life in Ciuté Game, local city center and Nacaxco City, in México country. Their relationship relationship remained firm, and they have more families and friends near. Great space for professional progress requires to move into noise in the center of the center (Méxicic City appropriate). A cold relationship and calculate because of anxiety and social competition and the change in this couple.
380 ::: A Taste of Jupiter (2005) ::: romance ::: Everyone and their brother in Italy Little have a story. But a few of them collect a heavenly event, a unique episode, a mysterious man wearing a white suit, trivial jealousy, loving theft, "Ondoller", muds, and a very complete relationship. The life of eight people is about to change when Jupiter and Venus meet in the night sky once at a lifetime event. Jupiter's taste is an eccentric love story under the stars.
