1 ::: Sammy Hagar & the Wabos: Livin It Up! (2006) ::: music ::: Sammy Hagar and Wabos - Livin 'It Up! - Catch directly at St. Louis at their US -sold tour in 2006, Sammy and Wabos Song The House with songs from their new album, Livin 'it up, as well as some of Sammy's famous works. He joined the stage for the second half of the show by legendary Van Halen Bassist, Michael Anthony, the group traverses some of the classic Rock Radio tunes. From "I can't drive 55" and "mas tequila" to "finish what you started" and "now", is a great Cabo holiday with "Red Rocker"!
2 ::: Cliff Richard: Still Reelin' and A-Rockin' (2013) ::: music ::: Cliff Richard is one of the most successful British singers of all time with hits throughout his career, from the fifties to today's and global album sales, which was estimated at 250 million. This latest concert film was shot in Sydney, Australia in early 2013, on the "Still Reelin" and A -Rockin 'Tour ". Songs. Cliff Richard remains a perfect live performer with an energy that contradicts his age, and a voice that remains as good as always. This is another live show that will delight its legions of fans. Bonus functions behind the scenes documentary track list 1) Reelin '& Rockin' / My Arta Life 2) Dreamin '3) living doll 4) Poetry in Motion 5) with a kiss 6) Dream lover 7) 12. From never 8)' D ' Miss you nights 10) summer vacation 11) next time 12) which car? 13) Sing the blues 14) Move it 15) Willie and the hand jive 16) I don't care whether the sun does not shine some people 22) 23) I will be 24) ripping up 25) We don't talk more 26) Cabled for sound 27) I could easily fall / in land 28) High -class -baby / dynamit / please DON '' TASE / Forty days / want you dance?
3 ::: Within Temptation & The Metropole Orchestra: Black Symphony (2008) ::: music ::: The Gothic Rock Band "Inside Temptation" is organizing their most ambitious concert so far in Rotterdam's Ahoy Arena in February 2008. Nealnchronized 'Black Symphony', the band performed to 10,000 fans with the 60-part Metropole Orchestra, a classic choir of 20 Voices, special guests Keith Caputo (Life of Agony) and Anneke van Giersbergen (the meeting).
4 ::: On the Wall: Thirty Seconds to Mars (2014) ::: music ::: Behind the scenes of one of the most famous music groups in music. Join us, while we took the road with the actor and man of the nominated front at the Oscars Jared Leto, and his group comrades, Shannon Leto and Tomo Militice. Our cameras are integrated at thirty seconds in Mars, while they turn through Colorado, Utah and northern California, before returning home for a unique headliner concert of the legendary Hollywood Bowl. Along the way, you will receive an access pass to the world tour of Lovelustfaithdreams, and deals with the insight of the group, interviews with the crew, a stop in a local radio station, a motorcycle adventure, interactions With a cult -type of type, and much more. In addition, you will get seats in the front row for performances at the Fillmore Auditorium in Denver, the Grand Saltair in Magna, Utah and the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles. On the wall: Thirty seconds to Mars is a documentary of a slice of life and a rock concert in one. And you can only see it on AXS TV. Produced by Carson Daly Productions and Striped Blazer Productions in association with AXS.
5 ::: "Lightmusic" (1983) ::: music ::: The singer, Soundwriter Richard Rossi playing his first two playing with "Matthew
6 ::: Tony Bennett: Duets II (2012) ::: music ::: To celebrate his eighty-eighth birthday, Tony Bennett (1926-) sings with 14 compressed disk of 2011, "Duets II". Bennett travels to each of them, trains, and we see completely. Every singer comments on what is like singing with Tony, every sign of music with a birthday desire. Sometimes, they make a jazz Bennett, and sometimes they support the orchestra. Between the numbers, the CD -pellet Ramon product talks to the camera about the nature of the diodes and the style of Bennett. Tony also comments, for example, this is the last recorded performance of Amy Winehouse. Jorge Kallenderi arranges songs. Film filming includes many close to singers and musicians.
7 ::: Justin Timberlake: Suited Up (2013) ::: music ::: He is one of the most successful recording artists of the 21st century. From the Mickey Mouse Club to the NSYNC, Justin Timberlake became an international superstar as a solo artist. During his well -known and extremely top -class career, there were many ups and deep stalls, from his separation with Britney until the winning of the lifetime -axle -nachievement Award at the VMA Awards 2013. There is no doubt that Justin Timberlake is the typical superstar of his generation. In this documentary you will discover the advantages and disadvantages of his amazing career and personal life, including interviews with the man himself and with a show biz expert. This is the really remarkable story of a legendary superstar ... Justin Timberlake.
8 ::: Tuscan Skies ~ Andrea Bocelli ~ (2001) ::: music ::: Boselli makes ten songs around a loose structure. After the Harley-Barley of the Metropolitan concert, he hoped for the silence of his rural seaside home in Tuscany. He returns, sings in the place; When he sings, he remembers his childhood, especially his relationship with his playful and attentive Father and around horses. He remembers the afternoon in the discrete villa in the afternoon or the IMAG. The time in the studio with Helena with "El'Bitudine" and his two sons at home surrounded this portrait of a native son.
9 ::: Untitled Grunge/Seattle Rock Documentary (????) ::: music ::: Seattle Grunge's music scene changed everything as we knew when one day -Pop Records decided to release a new type of music on their independent label. The whole world changed slowly from 1989 to 1994. Politics attracted more attention, voting in Genx's life, influencing the entire store, economic and economic lines, and even in the sector, reflecting the need for nations for GRUNGE and Seattle. But who were behind the bands, behind that music and the scene of the whole world, and the presidents, politics, economics, attitude to authority, and desperate youth against war and bad choices made by their country. , Raised. This story is how Seattle's music change the world and who are the real influential people behind the scenes of Seattle.
10 ::: Colorado: Where Country Meets Western (2003) ::: music ::: Country Meets Western has a cast to include: Crystal Gayle, Craig Morgan, Rhonda Vincent, Charlie Daniels, Ricky Scaggs, Larrie Morgan, Sammy Kershaw, Oak Ridge Boys, Tammy Cochran, Mark Willis, John Michael Montgommary, Tracy Bird, Collin Raye, Jette Williams, Riders in the Sky, Bill Anderson, Braid Paisley, Flying W Wranglers and Wild Blue Country
11 ::: The Magic of Bing Crosby (1991) ::: music ::: Rosemary Clooney, Michael Vistine and his wife Catherine Crossby celebrate the sound and singing style in Croner Bing Crossby through clips from his theatrical shore of the thirties and forties and archivet clips from his TV manifestations from the 1960s and 1970s. Crossby standards such as "June in January", "Learning", "Blue of the Night", "Blues Street Basin" and "White Christmas" are heard.
12 ::: "The Chart" (2004) ::: music ::: The graph was the weekly show of the music video in five that really reflected the musical tastes of her viewers. Bushed by Anita Rani and Sam Delaney this interactive show allowed the audience to vote for their favorite bachelors and albums and presented the whole range of Chart music.
13 ::: Work It Out (2009) ::: music ::: This is a story of Solar Bear, one of the best indie rock bands in history, as fans and musicians said. Through an archive video collection and an interview with a band that has never been seen, the reign of solar bears in the top of the world of music is realized in this retrospective exhibition.
14 ::: "Hippodrome Show" (1966) ::: music ::: A total of nine yards, jumping dogs, trapezie activities, brass bands, wadaville, as well as contemporary singers and musicians. The hosts are the same but different line ups or episodes are made to suit each country.
15 ::: James Paul McCartney (1973) ::: music ::: Display various variety of different types of polypical talents of pool mcCait talents. His baggage, wings, raised, and he did some creetes. The display ends with a busy bush-type number 'ears singing, must be dance "that is originally written about corn.
16 ::: Falco - Helden von heute (1984) ::: music ::: Falco dreams of driving a convertible and to perform for a jubilant audience. But then he wakes up in a prison chat in Chicago, United States. He breaks out and witnessing a peat war between a black gang and a white gang. Then Falco visits his girlfriend. They go to a cinema and watch a black and white romance film, which shows Falco as the leading actor. Then Falco walks over the city. He sees a strip club and decides to come in. There he meets several semi-naked female dancers. Falco rams against the wall. He ends in the recording studio of his producer Robert Ponger. Change of scene: an airplane cemetery in the nearby Tucson, Arizona. Falco suddenly appears. He sings and dances. The camera films the plane. A mechanic (also played by Falco) takes peace, he looks out the window and sees Falco. Then the mechanic plays with the one -armed bandit in his workshop. At the end he had the right combination (three sailing ships). Change of scene: Falco performs on a pirate ship (the backup dancers are dressed as pirates). Change of scene: Falco has a press conference, where he "explains his concrete attitude as a post-feminist man". Change of scene: Falco dines with a family. The atmosphere is pretty boring. Falco Grimzes and so he makes the young daughter of the family laugh. The parents tell a joke, but Falco just rolls with his eyes. He leaves the dinner to look through the house. Falco finds a film role and plays it back. This film is about a number of weird figures dancing in a ballroom. Falco appears in this film and becomes part of it. Falco comes from the castle. Then he goes past Limousine. It brings him to Egypt, where he sees the pyramids.
17 ::: Bully (2012/I) ::: music ::: Black is a great time in Südflorida drug dealers. He hits Nina and falls in love. His rival tries to take her away and makes the biggest mistake of his life. Black has to do the most in love and what he loves in this urban drama.
18 ::: Ernani (2014) ::: music ::: Arna's Verdi was the fifth opera and is based on Victor Hugo's hernia. It takes a revenge theme in all its manifold aspects as its starting point and received its first exhibition in Titro La Fenis in Venice in March 1844, proving Verdi's definite progress as its success. The fact is that in recent years, Bell Canto songs that have worked with the increasing frequency in large opera houses have been due to the Renaissance of Bell Canto.
19 ::: John Mellencamp Live at Walter Reed Hospital (2007) ::: music ::: Washington Post - Walter Reed Concert Article / Review at Walter Reed, Mellencamp closes La Bouche and sings by J. Freedom of Lake Washington Post Writer on Saturday April 28, 2007 A funny thing happened on the way of John Mellenomp at Walter Reed Army Medical Center: he stuck a muzzle on himself. John Mellencamp will perform a historic concert in the Walter Reed Army Medical Center for the Wounded Men and Women of America's Armed Forces. The concert will take place on Friday April 27 at 8 p.m. he. This band concert will also be repeated on July 4. Washington Post - Walter Reed Concert Article / Review at Walter Reed, Mellencamp Ferme la Mouche and sings by J. Freedom from Lac Washington Post Writer from Saturday April 28, 2007 The article includes a photo - Click here to read the article online . A funny thing happened on the way of John Mellencamp at the Walter Reed Army Medical Center: he stuck a muzzle on himself. Mellencamp was a vocal critic of war in Iraq and the Bush administration. But last night, the singer frank checked his policy - or at least his controversy - at the front door of Walter Reed. During a one hour concert on the campus of the besieged military hospital, Mellencamp avoided transforming the scene into a soap box, choosing rather to entertain a group of injured soldiers by fighting a war than the rock star will not support.
20 ::: Imagine: John Lennon 75th Birthday Concert (2015) ::: music ::: I respect the 75th birthday of John Lennon, and I imagine Blackbird Presents and AMC. The concert event taping for one night was held at the Madison Square Garden Theater on Saturday, December 5, and was aired only at 9:00 pm (ET/PT) on Saturday, December 19 at AMC. In addition to the great lineup, the show included a very special video appearance by the rest of the Beatles, Paul McCartney and Apple Star. Golden Globe and Screen Actor's Guild Award winner Kevin Bacon was a special guest host of the event full of this star.
21 ::: Brulé: Live from Branson (2011) ::: music ::: Filmed on the beautiful RFD -TV The Theater in Branson, MO, this performance catches the true essence of the Brule mission and includes Brule's 17 -year -old journey between two worlds. The concert contains 14 songs from the catalog of the Brule of the award-winning contemporary Indian music, including the never-before-released "Dakota Rainstorm", a brule 'Autobiography in Vocal Song format. Brull's characteristic merger of traditional Indian dance and contemporary Indian music is recognized worldwide as the benchmark in contemporary Indian theatrical performances.
22 ::: The 15th Annual Grammy Awards (1973) ::: music ::: Grammy - The Music Award for the American Academy of the Audio Recording, was established on March 14, 1958 by the American Association of Sound -Recording Companies. Grammy is provided per year as a result of voting by authorized members of the "Recording Academy".
23 ::: Get Happy (1973) ::: music ::: Jack Lemon's television special was broadcast on February 24, 1973, running for 90 minutes in length. There are all colors, "Arenland". After that, he started a journey to find Harold Allen, and meets Doc Seedensen, who plays Diahan Carroll, Johnny Matthis, Dyna Shore, Cath Elliott, and various Harold Allen songs. Jack finally finds Harold Allen, and the show ends with the song "Over the Rainbow". Get Happy was a 1973 television special sponsored by Jack Lemmon, which was made to respect the composer HAROLD ARLEN. A spoken wizard like Oz, the show starts with black and white, and Jack Lemon is knocked out by the broom, and when he wakes up, everything is colored. Jack discovers that he is in Allen and begins a journey to find Harold Allen. On the way, Jack comes across Diahan Carroll, Johnny Matisis, Dyna Shore, Cath Elliott, and Doc Sewenansen, who plays the songs of Harold Allen, respectively. In the end, Jack finds Harold Allen, and the show ends with the Arena's classic song "Over the Rainbow".
24 ::: Non stuzzicate la zanzara (1967) ::: music ::: Rita, a vibrant cum-ed ran away from her boarding school with her music teacher, which is also associated with her. She wants to participate in a singing competition, but her father who has died against it has been kidnapped. He at the end when his wife threatened to sing herself in the competition.
25 ::: Multi-Color House and Friends Live at the American Stage Company (1987) ::: music ::: Multi-colored house, St. Petersburg, Florida, Florida, Florida, three sets, and American stage company, July 25, July 25. The collections are separated by short shells and images produced by Jonathan Morrill and are determined by direct performances, including open Sherman, Lape Rogers, allocated by performances.
26 ::: The Artists Music Guild Presents: The 2014 AMG Heritage Awards (2014) ::: music ::: Artists gathered some of the lasting performers in the music guild to music and awards. Gloria Gaynor, Chubby Check, Dee Dee Shart, David L, Christie Serterland, Shirterland, Shirley Caesar, Terry Gibbs, Billy Gilman and Mally Lewis & Lewis Count. 2014 AMG's heirs are presented through the sky angel network.
27 ::: New in November 2011 (2012) ::: music ::: More than twenty small operators from the US and many countries presented to News of the Heartford Opera Theater at the November Festival. Six pieces were selected for performance. Openas were rehearsal over a period of 48 hours.
28 ::: Celestial White Noise 10 Hours - Sleep Better, Reduce Stress, Calm Your Mind, Improve Focus (2017) ::: music ::: Soothing white noise masks, you worry about sounds to sleep and help you pay attention to work or school. To help you get to sleep and wake up with external noise at night. Sound, cooked and synchronized sound based on brown light, but similar to high noise, but less than high frequencies.
29 ::: "The Hot 10" (2011) ::: music ::: Chuck Nice views 10 hot videos for viewers that seem to be hot in the hot ones. Hot 10, the main recreational shelter of the centric, one hour weekly series, where the viewers are guided, chak nice, when counting 10 hot videos of the week through hottest topics for the adult audience of Centric. Every week, Hot 10 examines what is happening in pop culture and around African Americans. Chuck conducts deeper interviews with the largest celebrities in the Nice Entertainment Industry. Interviews of these celebrities are strategically kept strategically to speak with important social programs to recent, current, or future projects or centralized audiences. Hot 10 audiences watching hot 10 audiences watching hottest music, movies, books and popular news when you see some sexiest places and hippest from very timely events around the country. "The Hot 10" is not only examining the trending audience now, but the show is hot down down and how it is hot. Hot 10 Hot 10 Source in Entrepreneur's Enforcement Audio Contemporary audience.
30 ::: Hudba kolonád (1975) ::: music ::: At the International Wizards Festival in Karlsbad Richard, a number of famous Willie wizards stayed in Karlsbad from 1926 to 1938. Learn something about the restless world outside the spa. Vili ('jirí hrzán' (QV)) and his partner Vilma ('Jana Brezková' (QV)) exchanges their number of twelve - twelve springs - twelve cups - twelve roses every night in the Varieté orfeus Better Hall and Better . One night he was defeated in his play and both artists are fired.
31 ::: Straw Donkey: The Videos (1995) ::: music ::: Collection of Carter USM music clips. Includes' Rubbish ',' Anytime, Anylome, AnyWhere ', `` Bloodsport for all' ', `after the Watershed' ',` `glam rock cops'',` `The Young Offenders Mum '," Born November 5 "," The Impossible Dream "and" Base on me I will not fall ".
32 ::: Big & Tasty (2012) ::: music ::: This is a restaurant like no one else that Maxime Torres has decided to sell only men to take! Time for simple service and command is done within minutes. It is the opportunity to watch in this video, French comedian Chantal Ladesou; Canadian humor Anthony Kavanagh appears under the features of a Fast Food and Camille Combal waiter, the crazy TV host.
33 ::: D2: Duets Two (2004) ::: music ::: Frank Zappa -Drummers Terry Bozzio and Chad Wackkerman return for their Encore version in D2: Duets Two. A 45 -minute melodically improvised drum duet followed by Terry and Chad discuss their unique approach to drums and summarized in an intense final of 5 minutes.
34 ::: R. Kelly Live: The Light It Up Tour (2007) ::: music ::: This concert program got acquainted with 10 cameras in the world-famous Auckland and the famous theater in Auckland. Kelly's previous albums were sold from more than 25 million notes in the United States. The whole career of the show has the best program in all his career, in 2007. This high-level program lasts for more than 60 minutes and all the beats of R. R. R. R. Vistly, Fiesta, and in the name of love, I can fly and more. Rarely allows you to see this type of market show from its style. R. Kelly's undoubted popularity attracts all demography all over the world that covers with its eternal sound.
35 ::: Chantal Kreviazuk in This Life (2012) ::: music ::: Chantal Kreviazuk in Concert is a special television event that shows cases of music and story for a glimpse into the life and career of the celebrated Canadian singer-songwriter. With live performances, candid interviews and images from her life and career.
36 ::: Pop, Lock 'n Roll (2017) ::: music ::: Raps is an ambitious hip hop dancer on the street in a poor neighborhood who believes that money is everything. He obtained a lucky break and rises as a professional artist, but when he falls in love with the beautiful Brazilian wife of the gangster producer who makes his career, he will have to risk his career and his life to find real happiness.
37 ::: The Irish Rovers Christmas (2012) ::: music ::: Become a member of the Irish Rovers for their Rollicking Christmas Concert in Canada's Historic Capitol Theater. Then come by while the boys kick their heels in the mountains and pubs from Banff National Park. They are accompanied by old friends and guest musicians Gerry O'Connor, Patrick Davey, Morris Crum, Irish tenor John McDermott and guitarist Jason Fowler.
38 ::: Hillsong United: Live in Miami (2012) ::: music ::: Creative, diverse and not limited to one demography, the heart of Hillsong United is to create music that reveals the truth of Jesus. In front of worship leaders Joel Houston, Jad Gillies and JD, the team is an evolving collaboration of shepherds, leaders of worship, musicians and writers-all intentional about giving a voice to a passionate generation about God. In and out of the studio, on a tour or home at Hillsong Church, United is committed to writing songs that speak the truth, create a unique sound, connect with churches, individuals and finally join people anywhere with God . Live in Miami, was registered at the American Airlines Arena on August 6, 2011 and captures a raw and authentic worship experience in a pitch filled with thousands of people founded on worshiping Jesus Christ. Included favorites such as' Mighty to Save ',' The Stand 'Andaphtermath', Live In Miami contains 22 songs and more than two hours of breathing moments and inspirational hymns.
39 ::: ISADAR - Solo Piano: Volume 1 (2010) ::: music ::: A collection of Solo piano performances and music videos with the recording artist Isadar.
40 ::: "Guitar Universe" (2007) ::: music ::: The guitar universe researches all the nuances of the instrument and introduces us to prominent players in the guitar world. From interviews and appearances of a who-is who from guitors, segments to guitar anatomy, instrument and brand history, most used accessories, factories and much more, the guitar universe offers a look behind the scenes, exactly what makes the instrument as a tick The people who make it.
41 ::: "Ray Johnston Band: Road Stories" (2010) ::: music ::: Cancer survivors and former Dallas Meverk Ray Johnston and his band travel when they are trying to make it in the music business. However, the band's journey is part of the story. The major part of this series behind the scenes is a story of the upliftment of his brutal war with the band leader, Ray Johnston and Leukemia. But, after successfully defeated the disease, not once but four times (Johnston is now in forgiveness), he is pushing a new dream, traveling with Ray Johnston Band in Texas, South -West and Southeast. Some exhibits of the band will raise funds for the Ryan Gibson Foundation or TRGF. Ray Leukemia will spread the word about the importance of research as well as raising funds for TRGF.
42 ::: P3 Guld (2006) ::: music ::: The fourth television presentation of the annual Awards of Awards by Public Danmarks Radio Music Music, P3. Six awards have been presented to Danish music artists in contemporary genres, including the main award for Michael Simpson, and a number of local artists, including nephew, infernal and Trentemřller, perform their music for a live audience, as well as listeners and viewers in radio and radio and television.
43 ::: "Popworld" (2001) ::: music ::: A pop show that includes quiz, interviews and videos presented by two young hosts. It manages to rise above the type of pop show on Saturday morning (popwild is mostly on Sundays). Instead of being an excited show for young children, it is for all markets.
44 ::: Along the Way (1992) ::: music ::: In August 1989 of the Bad Religion, he suffered from European tour and shows on the way the bad religion that plays in early 20 gig. This was shot during an entire European tour and then mixed together, so it is not unusual that the band changes from concert cakes or T-shirts. It is also mixed with interviews by the band members at that time.
45 ::: The Pogues: Poguevision (2006) ::: music ::: Thirteen examples of the Pogues unique brand of Hellraising -Folk, from Punky -to traditional Irish songs such as 'Dirty Old Town' to the originals written by Shane Macgowan, the romantized life visions of life that were considered through the ground of a bottle .
46 ::: "Nugs.Net Live Stash" (2016) ::: music ::: Each weekly episode contains a stable keeper of the genre that occurs live in iconic places and festivals across the country. The Live Stash debuts with Jamtronica Giants The Disco Biscuits this Sunday, followed by widespread panic at the legendary Red Rocks Amphitheatre next week. Later episodes are Dead and Company Live in the Bostoner Fenway Park with John Mayer and Grateful Dead members Bob Weir, Mickey Hart and Bill Kreutzmann as well as Chris Robinson Brotherhood, the Bluesrock project by Black Crowes Lead singer Chris Robinson.
47 ::: ISADAR - Solo Piano: Volume 1 (2010) ::: music ::: A collection of individual piano shows and music videos that show the artist, ISADAR.
48 ::: Thank God for Chris Penn (????) ::: music ::: Chris Penn (not with the late actor of the same name or Sean Penn), a common owner of Dallas Texas' Good Records. With a series of well-orchestrated efforts and many telephone calls and emails, the book signing is expanded by an output of billion dollar babies, whereby the band consists of the surviving original members of the original Alice Cooper Group without the famous singer. Without promise or guarantees by Alice Cooper, Chris himself has prepared the possible reunification of his favorite band since childhood. In the night of the event, good records with so many Alice Cooper fans are packed for the rafters, some have to watch the windows from the outside. The excitement escalates when they anticipate the possible arrival of the author of Shock Rock. Partial documentary and a partial concert film, this film contains appearances from the legendary night at Good Records.
49 ::: Fusion: Kanye West, Gnarls Barkley, Lupe Fiasco (2007) ::: music ::: Hantan TV, made history by fear and some of the Taiwanese Taiwanese Taiwanese Taiwanese, Hong Kong, Chinese and US Musicans mouth together at the same stage. And February 13th and 14th and 14th and 14th and 14th and 14th and 14th and 14th and 14th and 14th Gnu, Luuno, Lucco. In Las Vegas for Fusion 2007. On the night of the month Fusroad 25 in China, Fusion 2007 became a symbol that makes the sound-in-day chinese and china. This is the first thing in six media. It was the first time for TV Setting TV to promote Chinese songs in North America. It was the first time for Sain Tanuri stars and movie, Supergirls, visit the USBerry Hatch TV says, Mazi Liu Hui Diii Dii Dii Doi Doi Hii Dii Dii Dii Dii Dii Doi Dii Doou do.
50 ::: "Music Works" (1994) ::: music ::: WORK Music is a popular CBC television series that features some of Canada's best gangs and artists. She also shows some of Canada's young artists in the music scene. Bands play live in a studio of music deposits. Is expected by the famous celebrity Pat Mastroianni.
51 ::: Chicago and Earth, Wind & Fire: Live at the Greek Theatre (2005) ::: music ::: A team of legendary Chicago and Earth, wind and fire created the 2004 summer tour. Playing in the sold halls, the winning artists were united for a series of high -energy performances of the number 1 and high. 10 hits of charts. All the excitement of the final show in this wonderful DVD, filmed in Los Angeles in Greek theater, was recorded in high quality.
52 ::: "City Vibe" (2005) ::: music ::: City Vibe broke out the music scene of L.A. wide open. Strike more local shows and follow more local bands with a specialized team of music lovers at City Vibe. Listen to horror tips and stories from current bands, DJs, underground and mass musicians. City Vibe helps you break into the music industry. Take a load from the real deal from the owners of places, the best talent agents, managers, sound labels, executives and publicists. Hang your VIP wrist to L.A.'s monumental music scene.
53 ::: Samba on Your Feet (2005) ::: music ::: Documentary on Samba. Shot in Rio de Janeiro, the film is filled with buzzing carnival scenes and shows the conflicts that give rhythm its unique character. He also guides the spectator through the old slave traditions and the Umbanda rituals. The old guard and the new talents are represented.
54 ::: "Rockin' in a Hard Place" (1985) ::: music ::: Many bands were presented very early in their career such as Alice in chains, Pantera, arrest warrant, weapons & roses, Megadth, Jetboy, etc. The show was syndicated in over 20 large markets, including Los Angeles, New York. San Diego, Cleveland, New Jersey etc. ... Finally, this led to Danni Krash for C.B.S. Danni Krash called the "Dick Clark by The Sunset Strip". Acts such as Black Sabbath, Wasp, Ozzy, Whitesnake, The Doobie Bros., Motley Crue, Dio, Pretty Uridency, Bon Jovi, Cheap Trick, Marillion, Kiss, all appeared in the show and were fans and supporters in most cases . Started as a local TV show by Danni Krash on Cable T.V. (This also led to Danni Krash Shooting Live Performance film material, interviews for most large record labels as well as CNN, E. T., VH1, hard and heavy, etc.) with live performances, interviews and behind the scenes of local and important signed acts.
55 ::: "Lightmusic" (1983) ::: music ::: The singer / composer Richard Rossi plays two of his original songs from his album "New Wine" and Tom Green the Interview about "Matthew's Party", a controversial spiritual support group Rossi started who meets in bars and discuss of the Bible.
56 ::: Snowbombing in Association with Volvo (2010) ::: music ::: Gemma Cairney travels to Mayrhofen, Austria, to the legendary music festival at "Snowbombing 2010". Gemma has the chance to meet Fatboy Slim and Annie Mac all the strange and wonderful festival goers on a mountain. With interviews and performances by the bands and DJs who play at this year's festival, including The Enemy, Doves and Fatboy Slim, combined with some of the best snowboarding in the world, this is the show that music fans have been waiting for.
57 ::: "Se habla rock" (2006) ::: music ::: For rebel Rockero, whose library involves everything from cafe tacvba to system, Mun2 excessively recommends a weekly dose of Se Habla Rock hosted by "Renato". An alternative to overrated trend; On SE Habla Rock you get the best of English/Spanish alternative, punk-rock and liberal music video play. The SE Habla reaches the ET 2 at 11 pm every Sunday from Rock Hard-core Rockers to EMO/Teenboples.
58 ::: "Live at the Edison" (2014) ::: music ::: This CMT original production is a live-music chain that facilitates demonstrations by the emerging country stars. Each Act 5 songs, as well as a dynamic interview that will provide a glimpse in each artist's unique music history. This biological chain was tapped into the intimate boundaries of Toronto, Ontario, The Great Hall.
59 ::: CMT Christmas in Whistler (2009) ::: music ::: Whistler village comes to life during the festive season with a white blanket of snow and flashing lights covering trees and buildings. Winter vignettes of all three artists who enjoy the side of the miracles that surround them. Jesse Farrell is taking a picturesque horse drawn with sledding around the lake. Aaron Pritchet and his son Jordan Petchet ride on the exciting journey to Wistler's top to return a cabin lift covering the distance between Wistler and Mount Blackcomb. And George Canyon rides the clips, enjoying every moment in this festive season. Then the three artists come together for an intimate gathering around the winter fireplace. An unforgettable concert for a live live concert performed by George Canyon, Aaron Pritchet and Jesse Farrell brings a festive cheer to the audience and smiles at all children's faces. The show is always intimate. Always engaging and always a holiday of the season, friendship and music.
60 ::: In the Hank Williams Tradition (2009) ::: music ::: Hank Williams - unconditionally "King of the country's music." Singer ... song writer ... Legend ... Hank Williams Today, started a tradition to stay today. This program is rare in rare Williums, interviewing his rare life history, and interviewing his friends and interviewing his friends and interview with Roy Ackauf, Minnie Jearl and Chet Chet Chetkins. Most Hank's current countries include performances of the largest songs. Another star of such a thing is that there will be no doubt that it will never be the star of such a country. Hank Williams, Jr., Willie Nelvis, Randy Travis, Urandon Jennings, Kris Christeferson, Emmilou Harris, Riki Skaggs, Dite Yoakum and others!
61 ::: "Air Time '57" (1956) ::: music ::: The half -hour music program, hosted by Won Monroe's actor and singer, offered viewers with live performances to viewers. Helping Vaughn, Bobby Hutt, and his band, Trump Jazz, with various music guests who read or play every week.
62 ::: The Gershwin's 'Porgy and Bess' (2013) ::: music ::: George Georchewin miraculously took off classic music, popular song, jazz, blues and spirituality in this ideal American masterpiece that tells the influential story about the treating beggar, the attractive woman he loves, and the society that preserves them. San Francisco Chronkl praised the production of Francesca Zambilo as "the strong and bis ... led by persuasion by Commander John Dimin and was rich by Eric Owens and Lacita Mitchell in the title roles .... Owenz brought an audio, dramatic and dramatic sensitivity to a part of the Burji. He gave Mitchell. A disgusting performance like BESS, exacerbates stormy and education. " "Dazzle and wonderful!" -San jose mecury news "trimphant! First degree, selling researchers Pace". -Francisco is examined
63 ::: "Mik Schacks hjemmeservice" (2001) ::: music ::: Especially about Dane's favorite: beer and sausages! Apparently Danes have no problem spending a little more on imported beer (etc. Better than the average Danish beer), but when it comes to sausages they prefer cheap and weak. Mik Schack takes on the challenge on both fronts.
64 ::: Rebel Invazion (2013) ::: music ::: REBEL InVAZION introduces the riot and talented worlds of crisp -based rap artists and urban models. It is followed by World Star's hip -hop bucksen, a cover girl Beautiful Zabeast, which inhibits straight -growth, a nationwide featured wrap artist Mall Tsunami, and J.O. The film has a lot of various performances, including the Rapper Bone Sags and Harmony, a rapper who won the Grammy & American Music Awards.
65 ::: American Jazz Greats (2012) ::: music ::: American Jazz: Past and present is a special television TV that, as a jazz, is the first real -life form of America. Billy Taylor was known as the most known sound for jazz. He leaves the torch and challenges Alan Barnes. Barnes, who met Taylor, spoke and played, and the hero recognized the need for this jazz. He formed an All Star band, Warriors Seactful, consisting of five group leaders, who perform American jazz standards in the show, including their music insights and Billy Taylor's reflections in his 70 years as a great American jazz .
66 ::: "Gimme the Mike" (2004/I) ::: music ::: It was a TV show in which we would compete to see who was the best singer. I was the star in the very first Premier episode. I started sticking the show because it is time, and for the next 2 years I was that men tried to kidnap me very scenic
67 ::: Work It Out (2009) ::: music ::: This is the story, as narrated by fans and colleagues of musicians, from one of the greatest independent rock music bands in all ages: Solar Bear. Take advantage of an unprecedented anchor shots and interviews with the band, the era of the solar bear in the upper part of the independent music world is presented in this preparation.
68 ::: Freedom Road: Songs of Negro Protest (1964) ::: music ::: Songs = "strange fruit" - "black and white" - "Jim Crow Train" - "Bourgeois Blues" - "Got Down Moses" (Trad.) - "We will defeat" - "Trouble" - "We don't Be moved "-" I'm glad I'm fighting for my right "-" Follow the pumpkin "-" No more auction block wear me "-" Hallelujah, I'm a-traveling "-" Bloplin in the Wind "-" What did you learn at school today? "-" Now is the moment "
69 ::: The Script: Homecoming (2011) ::: music ::: The first live concert in the script and a unique souvenir for the legions of fans. Includes the hits "The man who cannot be moved", "Breaken", "For the First Time" and "We Cry". The concert in their hometown of Dublin was a sale of 50,000 and was their biggest concert so far; The culmination of their remarkable rise to success worldwide. The group was supported by Tine Tempah in the show that joined them on stage to perform "written in the Stars.
70 ::: "Live at the Edison" (2014) ::: music ::: This is a living music series with the performances of developing country stars. Each ICT performs 5 songs, as well as conducts a dynamic interview that focuses on the unique musical history of each artist. These are organic series Toronto, a comfortable place to Ontario, a great hall.
71 ::: We Outta La Croix (2016) ::: music ::: Song lyrics: We Outta La Croix, We Outta La Croix. We at the La La Croix man, we leave La Croix. I just finished snoring/office, in the morning/the boss has coffee pouring/, but it's boring, I hit the fridge for the slaughter/sparkling water/but some *#$ hole forgot to order again. We leave La Croix, we from La La Croix. We at the La La Croix man, we leave La Croix. Someone, please recharge this office/ you have this? What would you say? We leave La Croix, we from La La Croix. We at the La La Croix man, we leave La Croix. - (c) 2016 by Zack Selvin
72 ::: The Easter Seal Teleparade of Stars (1955) ::: music ::: For an advantage for Easter sealing, Hollywood appears to be gathering donations to help medical research into diseases paralyzing children. Interspersed with the donation talks, musical songs performed by popular recording artists of the 1950s. The half -hour program was broadcast without commercial interruption
73 ::: Bully (2012/I) ::: music ::: Black is a big time South Florida drug dealer. He meets Nina and falls in love. His opponent tries to take him away and makes the biggest mistake of his life. Black should choose between love in this urban drama and should do what he loves the most.
74 ::: Hanson: Anthem - Live in New York (2013) ::: music ::: It will be broadcast live on AXSTV and immediately comes to the DVD, and Hanson will play the NYC crowd sold out on the release date of the 2013 album Anthem. The band runs all hits, including "MMMBOP", "IF ONLY" & "Gight A Little", as well as the new smash hit single "Get the Girl Back" and NBA OKC Thunder Rally Song "Fired Up".
75 ::: Hudba kolonád (1975) ::: music ::: Richard shows the famous magician who stayed in Carls Bad from 1926 to 1938 at the International Magician celebration in Carls Bad. At these times the time went slowly and easily and the world-made spa's guests did not want to know anything about a restless world outside the spa. Wili ('Jira Harzan' (CUV) and his partner Wilma ('Jan Brezkova' (QV)) are twelve exchanges - twelve springs - twelve cups - twelve cups every night twelve roses are better and good. One night he failed in his show and removed two artists.
76 ::: Fase (2002) ::: music ::: Fase is a movie based on the first work made by De Keersmaeker in 1982. The movie, like choreography, is in four parts, each shot in different places. Nearly twenty years after the date of the original scene, the film's director Thierry de May managed to repeat his powerful self in a movie whose distinctive aesthetic identity remains independent and unique to himself.
77 ::: Sammy Hagar & the Wabos: Livin It Up! (2006) ::: music ::: Sammy Hagar and the Wabos - live it live! -On their sold -out US tour in St. Louis, Sammy and The Wabos have run down the house with songs from their new album Livin 'IT Up and some of Sammy's famous solo work. The band, Michael Anthony, by Legendary van Halen Bassist, the legendary van Halen bassist, interrupted on stage, tears the band through some of the classic melodies of Rock Radio. From "I can't drive 55" and "Mas Tequila" to "end what you started" and "now" it is a big cabo party with the "red rocker"!
78 ::: "Beyond the Groove" (1990) ::: music ::: A businessman was sent on a journey of a music discovery through the United States, encountering various music characters, including, David Stewart, Ani Lennox, Bob Geldorf, Harry Dean Stanton? And other. A completely enjoyable movie to watch - if you evaluate the musical talent.
79 ::: "The Hot 10" (2011) ::: music ::: Chuck Nice gives viewers a new look at the hot in the entertainment while counting 10 hot videos. The Hot 10, Centric's Entertainment Asylum, is a week-long series where viewers are guided by the host, Chuck Nice, through the hottest topics that are throwing for the contemporary adult audience of Centric count 10 hot videos of the week. Each week, the hot 10 will take a look at what is happening now inside and around pop culture for Africans. Chuck Nice will conduct in-depth interviews with some of the largest celebrities in the entertainment industry. These celebrity interviews will be placed strategically to talk to recent, current, or future projects or social initiatives that are important for the central audience. Coming from some of the sexiest and most hippest events from across the country, the hot 10 will give viewers a look at the hottest music, movies, books, and celebrity news looking at 10 of the hottest videos. Not only "the hot 10" will give viewers a look at what you are trending now, but the show will take a short downward trip in the memory lane on what was hot and how it affected what is hot . The hot 10 is the source for what is hot in entertainment and culture for Centric's contemporary audience.
80 ::: Europe: Live at Sweden Rock - 30th Anniversary Show (2013) ::: music ::: The concert, shot at the Swedish Rock Festival in June 2013, is not only a large hit show in the previous 30,000 people, but also celebrates its 30th anniversary. They celebrate by playing 28 songs that spans the entire career. During the heavy rock song, they are also sitting for an emotional acoustic set that gives a close feel of this large arena show.
81 ::: Mötley Crüe: Greatest Video Hits (2003) ::: music ::: This is a video player showing all the Motos Moto-Back to 1981 and spend the first time John Casaillo.
82 ::: Paul McCartney: Live at the Cavern Club (1999) ::: music ::: Paul McCartni plays some tracks called Run Devil Run from his new record, returning emotional to the scene of the Beatles Celebrated platform. All tracks on the record are the old 1950s rock 'N' roll numbers.
83 ::: Freedom Road: Songs of Negro Protest (1964) ::: music ::: Songs = "Strange Fruit"- "Black and White"- "Jim Crow Train"- "Burjua Blues"- "Go Down Moses" (Trade.)- "We will Will Will"- "Trouble"- " Lead "-" I am very happy that I'm fighting for my right "-" Follow the gourd of drinking gourd "-" No more auction blocks for me "-" Haleluja, I'm traveling a yatra " -"" Bloin "in the air"-"What have you learned in school today? "-" Now that moment "
84 ::: DMD KIU LIDT: Die Manifestation des Kapitalismus in unserem Leben ist die Traurigkeit (2014) ::: music ::: DMD Kiyu Lidu is a anti-music film that follows Austrian pop-stones and their social rings in Berlina and Vienna. It is a wing of a group that has been in terms of musical crisis in terms of musical crisis for a long time (for capital) shadow. Acidents - All music [Pashtu] / Bridge DMD Ki Lidu is a Anti-Music film that follows Austria Pop-stones and their social rings in Berlin and Vienna? It is a wing of a group that has been in terms of musical crisis in terms of musical crisis for a long time (for capital) shadow. There is no other playing of the tools, even puts up more than the impact of the amp. In this knowledge cranks in their society, potagonists walk through their foundation architecture and forests, horse races are not in the sight. Bringing the conversations around their psychologists and oppositions around them at all sides. The characters are able to avoid the world with the world with the world, but keeps the left of the left. Accidents - All music [Pashtu] / all Music - Bridges
85 ::: Gypsy: Live from the Wildey Theatre (2017) ::: music ::: The St. Louis area is considered by fans and band members as a gypsy residence from home. Edwardesville, near Gypsy, April 11, 2015 returned to the historic Wildy Theater in IL, to play two -sold electrification exhibitions. Picture Quality and Sound performed here in 9: 9, which was rarely captured in one of the great original jam bands, played their hearts in their best. Layered vocal melodies, Ghanapati Instrumentation and Killer Horn section "Dead and Gone", "Blind Man", "Gypsy Queen PT 1", "Last Last tomorrow" and shines on classics like tomorrow.
86 ::: "Magnum Opus" (2014) ::: music ::: In the Magnum Opus of complex TV, our past monumental records are seen again. With the interview interviews of artists associated with the first -handed colleagues and critics' first -handed accounts of the time, the audience of the audience was made, the effect of how the song was made, the effect of how it was, and how it lives.
87 ::: The Map (2003) ::: music ::: Based on field research video from Hunan province, China and recently filmed footage, the film provided a live accompanying, both visual and aural, to the world-renowned cellist Yo-Yo Ma and the Boston Symphony Orchestra. He has traveled and has been seen in many of the largest concert halls in the world.
88 ::: "Hard Rock Heroes" (1990) ::: music ::: HARD PIN heroes just honopog. Hosted and produced due to flowers.
89 ::: Neverender: Children of the Fence (2009) ::: music ::: From October 22 to 25, 2008, Warid and Cambria plays four nights at Station 5, New York City. On each of these four dates, the band made one of its conceptual albums that tells the Amory Wars story. The first four tablets of the DVD collection take these offers, which were placed in front of the fully sold crowds. In addition, the fifth disk features a documentary for the concert series.
90 ::: Buffalo Springfield in Concert (2000) ::: music ::: Together for less than 2 years, Buffalo Springfield introduced 3 seminal albums, led by Neil Young, Stephen Steels and Richie Fure. With the original voice of rocks, locks, blues and country influences, they were committed to charting their course and compromising for someone, and in doing so, created a timeless body of work. As Buffalo Springfield (Repeat), the founding members Bruce Palmer (Bass) and Davey Martin (drums) assembled these stars of talented musicians and went on the way to expand the legacy. Experience this great performance, which includes the biggest hit of the band, is worth it, and 12 other songs, one of which has never been released on the record: A thousand Dreams.
91 ::: ISADAR - Solo Piano: Volume 1 (2010) ::: music ::: A collection of solo piano performances and music films that include the Recording Artist.
92 ::: Behind the Player: Paul Gray (2008) ::: music ::: Paul Grammy Award -winning bassist. Gray looks at the scenes that look at his life as a professional musician - including rare photos and video footage. Gray then gives a deeper boss lessons on how to play "dualism" and "surfacing" by the slipnut and jams the tracks with Stone Sour Drummer Roy Mayorga.
93 ::: "Liga dk" (2005) ::: music ::: Since 2005, Liga DK has become a weekly Danish television music, which was fully focused on Danish music, based on a video chart and strong comments by Christian Lett's music. With the start of a half -hour show, it expanded to an hour in 2006 and eventually eliminated by changing various formats, including charts in favor of interviews and more features. In 2007, the play, which is now simply called league and playing foreign music as well as Danish, was reduced to 30 minutes due to plans to re -appear in the 45 -minute version in the fall . It was announced at the end of the year that the show would be canceled at the end of the year and that the hosts of Christian Leat will continue to start its record label.
94 ::: Scuzz Meets Linkin Park (2014) ::: music ::: In 2014, they were featured on the days before playing the download festival, Chester Bennington, Squaz TV's 'Skz Meets ...', which is usually a series of TV specials covering band history with music videos and live clips in 60 minutes. In this show he talks and below what is next to his career and the largest selling band of the 21st century.
95 ::: National Memorial Day Concert (2009) ::: music ::: He lives from the United States Capitol, a unique combination of musical action, documentary segments and dramatic readings in honor of all those who have fought, and those who have died, for our country.
96 ::: "Quality Control" (2014) ::: music ::: Quality control is the freshest music show that brings together current trends and established acts for live music extravagance. Raised by some of the most popular and famous music goals in London, it is the show with the hottest evening playlist.
97 ::: Tina Landon Behind the Moves (2003) ::: music ::: The choreographer to the Stars, Tina Landon, and her top dancers are the most symbolic and award -winning music video choreography created for artists such as Jennifer Lopez and Shakira. Take you through a dance session (breaking step -by -step steps). Britney Spears, Samantha Mumba, etc. The DVD also features an interview with Tina Landon and Tina Landon's tribute from these recording stars.
98 ::: "Quality Control" (2014) ::: music ::: Quality control is a fresh music show for fresh music extravaganza to bring with current trending and established acts. Some of the most popular and iconic London is the show with the hottest evening playlist that is filmed on music destinations.
99 ::: Earache: I Crusher Complete (2008) ::: music ::: The editing of the movie from the ears of the ears of the heavy metal label is combined with both iCrusher 1 and 2. This includes music video of artists such as Mortiis's "Parasite God". , "Nothing" by Society 1. It also includes live performances such as Napalm's death, corpse, and cathedral. In addition, Rabies Caste, December, insulation, and ultraviolet audio trucks are included.
100 ::: "Beyond the Groove" (1990) ::: music ::: A businessman is sent on a journey of music discovery through the U.S.A, meeting a variety of music characters, including David Stewart, Annie Lenox, Bob Geldorf, Harry Dean Stanton?, And others. A well -pleasant film to see - if you appreciate music talent.
101 ::: Blues and Gospel Train (1964) ::: music ::: An innovative musical entered a real railway track with the audience on one side of the tracks and the musicians on the station side. Also, Sonny Terry and Brownie McGee: 'Rocking and a sloping' talking harmonica blues'i'm a roaming ramboer '.. cousin Joe sings' hot dog 'and' I am a railway porter '.. Muddy Waters carries' Blow Wind blow 'out and' you can't lose what you have never had '...' Sister Rosetta Tharpe carries 'Don't It Rain Children', 'Trouble in Mind' and 'Whole world in his hands'.
102 ::: The Script: Homecoming (2011) ::: music ::: The first live concert by the script is a unique souvenir for DVDs and veterans of fans. Hits include "The Man Hu Can not be can not", "Brikeven", "The First the First Time" and "We Cry". The concert in his hometown of Dublin was 50,000 selling and his largest concert was till date; His remarkable growth for success worldwide. The band was supported by the Taine Tempa at the show, who joined the stage to perform "written in stars".
103 ::: Mariah #1's (1999) ::: music ::: Number 1 is the sixth version of the VHS/DVD Maria Carrie. A series of music films from his US number one singles (songs that have reached the Billboard 100 to the number one) until then, the home film was originally released on December 7, 1999 in VHS, while DVD Released 1 February 2000. #1's is the sixth version of the VHS/DVD Maria Carrey. A series of music films from his US number one singles (songs that have reached the Billboard 100 to the number one) until then, the home film was originally released on December 7, 1999 in VHS, while DVD Released February 1, 2000. One year earlier, Kerry had released the largest collection of visits, No. 1, which included thirteen songs in the United States so far. The DVD was based on the album, but with the time it was released, Kerry had previously scored from the last release of his Rainbow studio one -one US number one, "HeartBreaker". Its music video and its remix movie (as a prize song) are included in DVD. In the month of DVD release, Kerry also acquired his 15th number one entitled "Thank God I found you". DVD includes official music films for "View of Love", "Love takes time" and "Day" because he confessed that he did not like some of his early music films. They are replaced by live performances used by previous versions of DVD/Video. Number 1 in 2008 as part of Maria Carrie: DVD Collection, a set of 2DVD including Fantasy: Mariah Carey at Garden Madison Square. This video has a short version of the original, without the introductory sections in each song.
104 ::: Hooray for the Madness (2006) ::: music ::: Motion City Soundtrack plays a direct performance at the unprecedented 7th street entry in Minneapolis in Minnesota. The live show introduces a documentary band and gives the Motion City SoundTrack an insight into their history from 6 years after its launch. Interviews are divided through the sections of the music display.
105 ::: LARocks TV (2014) ::: music ::: In each episode, the Red Da ARD screws the Southern California music scenes to find the hottest and incoming rock acts anywhere. Then he invites him to give only a private invitation to the North Hollywood Studio. Then the studio audience includes invited guests, the interior of the industry and some selected band fans. Lal always invites some of his rock star friends to travel. The band then interviews the Red Da Ard, his rock star guests who come to see the in studio band. One thing you can make sure is a good time. Kick it together with one of the coolest music lovers of LA!
106 ::: Alanis Morissette: Live at Montreux 2012 (2013) ::: music ::: Alanis Morissette is one of the most successful artists and songwriters of all time and has sold more than 60 million albums worldwide. Her voice is immediately known and she is a direct direct interpreter. On July 2, 2012 Alanis Morissette returned to Montreux as part of her Guardian Angel tour in support of her new album "Havoc and Bright Lights". It was her third appearance at the festival. The set featured a number of songs from the new album (at that point still to be released) along with classic songs from all her career. This is Alanis Morissette Live for its benefit.
107 ::: StreetPunk: The Movie (2000) ::: music ::: The two -hour monster film by Stuart Numan, the UK Punk Rock Scene is documented before the turn of the new century. Cress style fold-out paper comes in cover cover with special directors' notes on the construction of the movie ... Punk rock footage ever fully finished compilation from the UK in the late 90s. Sex Pistols facilitates the Street Party outside the Reunion Gig, Morcembay holidays and London punk picnic at the Sun Festival .... Bands (including) UK Subs, Varukers, a Way System, Manis, Guitar Gasters and many more - they are as rough - And the smell of the snake!
108 ::: Gotta Serve Somebody: The Gospel Songs of Bob Dylan (2006) ::: music ::: In 2003, the all-star cast of the Gospel singers took the Gospel of Bob Dylan and created a Grammy nominated album. Now someone has to serve: The Gospel Songs of Bob Dylan features exhibitions that raise the roof of this enthusiastic artists, documenting the album manufacturing with the interviews of this famous gospel artists. It also provides a commentary on musicians, including Jim Keltner, Spoonner Oldham, Fred Tacket and Regina McCarry, with Bob Dylan during his gospel. Legendary Record Producer Jerry Wexler and Respectful Musical Journalists Paul Williams and Alan Lite also provide insights on this lovely work
109 ::: Rebels Without a Pause: The Induction Celebration of Public Enemy (2013) ::: music ::: The harshly gained honor of the induction of rock n roll hall of fame culminated at the end of several days of celebration in April. On the eve of the official event, the gods of hip-hop, the widen friends and the family paid tribute to P.E. to a pre-party at the Los Angeles Blues house. The centered television captured media threshing, which included performance by Legends Whodini, Kool Moe Dee, The Betfreasherey Three & JJ Fad.
110 ::: "HD Rock Live" (2008) ::: music ::: The Multi-Platina-selling rock band supplies a full set of Power-Pop folk songs to a sold-out Atlantic City audience. Recorded for the premiere episode of HDNet's new concert series 'HD Rock Live,' The show catches thousands of screaming fans who sing along with classic GC Hits, as well as newer songs from the latest release of the band 'Good Morning Revival'.
111 ::: John Davidson with Love (1972) ::: music ::: Barbara McNair sings "I don't know how to love him," John sings "I have love." Nashville's brass acts "by Dixie with Love". Floyd makes "last date" and the theme of "Brian's Song". George sings "I chose a lemon in the garden of love."
112 ::: The Moody Blues: Live at Montreux 1991 (2005) ::: music ::: With a line, including John Lodge, Justin Hayward, Ray Thomas and Grame Edge, this 1991 show includes inspired classics as a question, I'm just a singer (in a rock and, of course, Nights in White satin.
113 ::: Australia Unites: Reach Out to Asia (2005) ::: music ::: For the first time, all three Australian commercial television networks are united to simulate this trap and historic concert. All of Telethon's revenue goes to Australia's World Vision and assisting in the South Asian tsunami disaster in 2004. Includes a mammoth combination of Aussie and international stars and characters.
114 ::: Dan Berglund's Tonbruket (2010) ::: music ::: In the late 2008 summer of 2008, in the summer of 2008, in the summer of 2008, his former group was one of the leading steel players of the former Swedish Bergler Dangund. Martin Hedgez, a pianist of the soundtracks of our lives, and Andreas Verlyin (drums) and Andreas Werliin (drums) have created a specific group of four people.
115 ::: Binicki (2015) ::: music ::: An actor plays Stanislav Binicki, an eminent Serbian composer since the late nineteenth and first decades of the 20th century. Since he lacks confidence to play that role, he resorts to hypnosis, through which he could live the life of the composer and gain faith in himself and also in art. He becomes Binicki himself, a pioneer of Serbian classical music. The musical film, but anti-war, "binicki" for children and adults is an attempt to get the attention of a broader audience towards classical music.
116 ::: The Zen of Screaming (2005) ::: music ::: In the early 90s, the passion and unobstructed movement of singers under the ground, which tests the human voice. For more than 15 years, Melissa Cross has developed a method of rock and metal soldiers for more than 15 years, and since then the vocal learning method has been developed, and since then included these artists who evaluated in their performances. Can form vocal machinery under it and increase endurance without intensity and individuality. Integrating vocal exercises with loud voice and stage and stage shots and Backstage, this DVD is as entertainment as information. The screaming is the first to make up the modern vocalist of all genres.
117 ::: Scuzz Meets Taking Back Sunday (2014) ::: music ::: Sunday Sunday Treing Sunday on Scuzz TVs 'Scuzz meets ...', a series of TV specials that usually include a band history with music videos and live clips in 60 minutes. In this show they talk about the ups and downs, changing line -ups and the future of TBS.
118 ::: "Decades Rock Live" (2006) ::: music ::: This show never broadcast in a legal battle between John Dancemore and Ray Manzarak and Robbie Crager when they performed as the doors of the 21st century when this show was recorded. The decision was that the band was no longer able to perform under the D21C and during the concert the recording of the concert announced the new name, riders of the storm. It was the first episode of the Rock Live series of decades. The show is distinguished, Janese's Perry Farrell, Macy Gray, Vanilla Fuj, John Sabastian, Antigone Anticles and Pat Travers and on a stormy night, the Force explodes every time Jim Morrison was a dedicated tribute ... really very strange ... When the producers sent for a synchronization license permit, John Dancemore blocks the synchronization clearance and as a result the show is never broadcast on television. . This concert will surprise everyone ..
119 ::: Palazzo Ricci (2011) ::: music ::: Since 2001, the German Hochschule Für Musik und Tanz has been using Palazzo Richie, in the heart of the city of Montepulcano in southern Tuscany, to host the European Academy of Music and Arts. The film summarizes this only German project in Italy, which focuses entirely on music. He presents young and talented artists from around the world, working together in a stimulating environment, participating in master classes with internationally recognized teachers and famous musicians.
120 ::: D2: Duets Two (2004) ::: music ::: The drummers of Frank Zappa Terry Bozzio and Chad Wackerman return for their recall performance in D2: Duets two. A duo of 45 -minute melodic improvised melodic drum followed by Terry and Chad chatting with their unique battery approach and summarizing in an intense 5 -minute final.
121 ::: Chris Barber: As We Like It (2008) ::: music ::: As we like, Jazz and Blues presents Legend Chris Barber in a special one night performance, the classic tea stage, invited to the Sheparton Film Studio live in-in-in-in-film. This is the classic Chris Barber, a perfect mark in the world of Jazz, with its full eleven-part band, performing hit tracks like Petite Flare, critically praised album CAN NO STOP NA, plus a host number like Miles Davis, Duke Allington. , Sony Terry and Brownie McGee and Dorsy Brothers in Blues Maters Magazine described as "a tremendous display." Showing a special guest from Andy Fairweather-Law on the big Chris Barber band and the 'concerned man blues', 'My burden down' and 'Will the Circle intact'.
122 ::: Diplomats & Friends: The Book of Hip-Hop (2006) ::: music ::: Demonstrating in Live and Concerts from Harlem. Harlem Diplomats' Kam'arome, Julz Santana and Jim Jones with a 90-minute hard-heating, bit-bending hip-hop, plus the state property featuring Bee Sigel and PD Crack, Memphis Black, the best of the Rock-A-Fella's best and Damon de ASH Show. And a special J Knowledge Interview Segment with DJ key. DG Hosts by fresh. This is alive, unsafe and covert!
123 ::: D.I.: Suburbia Sessions 1983 (2008) ::: music ::: This study and sherpa studio (full, ca) captured by the rod of Flipped in 1983. He looks at the team when they showed the Sugarbtia. This is included in this DVD is the interview with restrictions that show their light to their creativity. It is quite different from their problem to many songs that they describe 80 years as frustration. For some of this will be a chance to change the location of D.I. from, for other people this will be the opportunity to access d.i. In his first time.
124 ::: P!nk - I'm Not Dead: Bonus DVD (2007) ::: music ::: DVD, the reward that features four videos ("Girls Girls", "who knew", "U + UR Hand" and "No one knows"), and live videos ("Dear President" and "Leave me alone") and two "Made Video ... "Mini documentary films (" stupid girls "and" U + UR Hand ").
125 ::: Lee Clayton: Live at Rockpalast (1980) ::: music ::: As one of the most respected singer/songwriters of American country Rock, Lee Clayton was quoted by Bono of U2 as an important influence. And you can hear why this bladder, which also includes songs from the gloomy controversial "Naked" child "album. The clow-rock songwriter Lee Clayton may have been the responsibility of the term "Out of Law" in 1972 with his song "Ladies Lovers", "Hit for Waylan Jennings. On this second album, he explores the obsession, ugly romances and addiction - the guitar solos in songs like "Silver Stallion" decreased easily, but did nothing else. Clayton left the music business in the eighties in favor of writing books and plays; Since then, both highways and cat Power have covered "Silver Stallion."
126 ::: Paul Brandt: Just as I Am (2013) ::: music ::: The songs of his latest album, "Exactly as I am", invite Paul Brandt CMT to perform inspiring in the holy hall of Ryman, because he describes the history and importance of the Bible music, and that effect on music His country and his career. Performimg chooses from his latest album, "Exactly as I am,", invites Paul Brandt CMT to perform inspiring in the holy Ryman Holy Hall, because he describes the history and importance of the Bible music, and that impact on its impact. Music is your country and your career.
127 ::: "Countdown" (1974) ::: music ::: "Freddie Mercury" (QV) to "I love you" about his first personal album, from his first personal album, he "Go West" (QV) and 'Paul Young (qv) and its current USA The opinion of the virgin "we are in the world."
128 ::: NHL Face-Off Rocks Concert (2008) ::: music ::: Legendary Rockers Def Leppard begins the NHL 2008-2009 season with a live concert from Fox Theater to Detroit, with special appearances invited through satellite by Alanis Morissette in Montreal, Live in Versus Network in USA and CBC across Canada.
129 ::: "Alchemy" (1998) ::: music ::: Australia's first television program focusing on dance and electronic music. This late night show quickly became a cult phenomenon after interviews with Australian artists The Avalanches, PNAU, Infusion, B (iFT) EK and Internationals Bjork, The Chemical Brothers, Run DMC, Fatboy Slim, Underworld and Carl Cox . The show was a follow-up from the world program and the radio program focused on the Hip Hop on SBS radio established by Frank Rodi, but became more interested in all contemporary electronic music movements, extending For a home, Techno, drum 'n' bass with genuine interest in environmental electronica and IDM. The full-hour show, each week had an interesting structure that was hosted in the studio by three Virs / presenters: Frank Rodi (SBS Radio), Robbie Buck (then ABC TRIPLE J radio) and Nicole Fosses ( Music promoter and occasional ABC radio DJ). The shows had a combination of video clips, music charts and interviews with artists along with a section entitled 'Scrapbook' who explored a more documentary approach for those with obsessive trends in the collection or production of the music. Two full-hour special episodes have been dedicated to German electronics and also to UK artist APHEX Twin. The show took an experimental and exploratory approach to its format, playing with self-reference (the editions were sometimes marked with the graphic reading "Edit"; the text that read through a teleprompter was coated in the mirror on the mirror. footage of the reader presenter; interviews were intercut and re-mixed in music played by the artist), many dance tracks that have not yet had footage of internal produced clips on a weekly basis and interviews They were often held in strange or entirely stupid places and environments (David Thrussell was interviewed by Rhodes while swimming in the infamous lap collection of the Adelphi hotel in Melbourne; other interviews were conducted through a camera of the security, in moving or fired vehicles on camera stills and re -filmed a slide projector). This interest in the visual side of music culture has expanded to the first music show in Australia to credit the film director along with the music producer and record company.
130 ::: "ADR TV" (2017) ::: music ::: ADR TV is a television show about independent music and emerging cultural manifestations, which mix interviews, live shows and video clips. ADR TV presents a selection of independent artists and music videos. A dynamic exhibition where the music leader is. ADR TV expands the bonds between Villa Maria, a cultural city and the famous musical hotbed and the city of Buenos Aires, the DF of Argentina. Culture for music, art, country center and for the whole world.
131 ::: NHL Face-Off Rocks Concert (2008) ::: music ::: The legendary DEF LEPPARD rockers launch the NHL 2008-2009 season with a live concert from Fox theater in Detroit, with a special appearance of guests through Alanis Morisset satellite in Montreal, live at NetWork in the US and CBC in Canada.
132 ::: Kiss: Live in Las Vegas (2002) ::: music ::: The concert that the world can never see from the largest live act in the music business! Kiss: Live in Las Vegas takes you on stage with the world's tallest group while playing Ibash since 1999, the show that over one billion people missed when Internet servers collapsed during the performance.
133 ::: G-Lock: Absorbed by the Grid (1997) ::: music ::: G -Lock - Impaired by the net, filmed live on August 16, 1997. Chris McLaren (bass), Frank Thomas (guitar / vocal, mykill (drums), Liz Spiers and Steve Neal (Bonus) in the Bonus video. This DVD has been equipped with VHS tape since 1997, so the quality of audio and video may not be 100% in all areas. Photective seizure warning due to flashing images or lights.
134 ::: "Eldorado" (1983) ::: music ::: Jřrgen Mylius and Lone Illum presents Laban's live music (interpreting "Meget Bedre Nu"), Comedic Mime Act by Swedish Yan Swahn, The Clips "The Safety Dance" by Men Without Hats and "Moonlight Shadow" by Mike Oldfield and Maggie Reilly . In addition, there is live music by Ryan Paris (interpreting "Dolce Vita") and the clip "I'm Still Standing" by Elton John. Tom Browne reports from London on mini-pops, Endnu video clip in DAG "from Stig Kreutzfeldt. "Eldorado Pèren" is won by the producer of Music Bruun of Medley Records. The "China Girl" clips by David Bowie and "Sunshine Reggae" by relaxed are played. We see an old advertisement featuring Dirch pass, a performance from 1964 from "My Boy Lollipop" from Millie, a clip of "Admirrans Visit" by Jřrgen Reenberg and Live Music of TV-2 (interpreting " Popmusikerens aims ").
135 ::: "Studio at the Memo" (2013) ::: music ::: Studio at the Memo is a live entertainment format that brings the best artists of Kabaret, Burlesque, Circle, Dance and Music along with a home band to support all acts in an atmosphere that feels like Berlin between the Wars, Rick's Café in Casablanca, and Las Vegas in the Rat Pack era. The host is a Rogers Tim, a Rock Bona Fide star who also performs a couple of songs with the home band and chats with some of the artists. Provocative blend of Edgy Studio, Dangerous and Hygienic or Location-based Arts and Entertainment Programming.
136 ::: Parade of the Dead (2010) ::: music ::: In 2010, a virus that has spread worldwide transforms survivors into mindless zombies. At the same time, of these apocalyptic events, hill hills were supposed to produce DVD for their album "State of the Art". With the collapse of civilization, the hoods were so popular that they built their DVD anyway.
137 ::: Little Feat Live at Rainbow Theatre (1977) ::: music ::: He wrote the Live album from the giggas at the Rainbow Theater in London and London from London and Lisner in Washington. "Kolumbus waiting for many rock musical critics are one of the best living albums of all time, regardless of a significant part of Lowell George's vocals and slide ended in the studio later. "Columbus waiting" was released in 1978, which time Lowl George's interest in the group was clear that he had his health.
138 ::: Green Day: Awesome As F**K (2011) ::: music ::: The green day recorded every exhibition on the broken trip in the 21st century. When it ended, the bond members, singer, singer of the singer Gitris Blackris Blackris Blackris Blackris Blackris black shirt, and the command of the warriors, the world's best actions around the world. The video footage was shot at the back of the bond in Tokyo, Japan. Includes the greatest honey and fan of green days in the package, including "21 hun", "American fool", "when I come around," and "good success"
139 ::: The Magic Flute (2007) ::: music ::: Mozart's last masterpiece is full of rituals and symbolic and playful, but deeply see his struggle to find human love and wisdom and virtue. From the night queen's master Aria to the melody like a bird catcher papageno, the miraculous talent of Mozart, on this magic -style -designed opera designed by Gerald Scarf. "I am" (San Francisco "). Donald Lannicle will carry out a fascinating cast led by Soprano Dina Kuzuznetosova. He said, "It's a heartfelt pamina, and her dark and luxurious tone lends dignified air to the performance." And the praised lyrics tenor Piottle Becala sings the correct weight and tone with the voice "born for Tamino". I demand Colorachula's acrobatics, but I'm singing beautifully. "(San Francisco). As a papageno, Christopher Maltman said, "It doesn't look like the talent of vocal Brio and drama ... it didn't resist this brilliant performance. Chronicle).
140 ::: The Frank Sinatra Timex Show: An Afternoon with Frank Sinatra (1959) ::: music ::: At the beginning of the program, Peter Fambart Witts said that the place of extension of the sun raised to his television home was filmed in the clay season. The company is forced to move inside the staric studio and their songs are the least props but the limit of the limit.
141 ::: Reel Big Fish: Live! In Concert! (2009) ::: music ::: Filmed at the beginning of the Tour "Glory, Wealth and fornication" in Anaheim California on January 4, 2009, in front of a sold out of the 2,500 fierce fans of SKA! This full length, the concert movie proves why RBF has been obliged to see live experience for more than 15 years!
142 ::: Warped Tour 2007 (2008) ::: music ::: Trucks that distort trucks, the current festival's largest tour in North America, collects the upper names in the modern villain in four stages. This selective collection provides both common works and time an unforgettable music experience that continues to attract huge crowds every year!
143 ::: Super Bowl XLVI Halftime Show (2012) ::: music ::: After 320 hours of exercise, Pop Star 'Madonna (I)' (QV) gives an amazing show with her hits and her new "I" (QV). ), "Nikki Minaj" (QV), 'm.i.a.a.' (QV) and "Ceelo Green" (QV) added to their party.
144 ::: Justin Timberlake: Man of the Hour (2013) ::: music ::: Justin Timberlake has become more than just a music superstar; He became the show consumed and the Renaissance man. With film roles including critically welcomed "social network", as well as successful stints on "SNL," he showed how versatile he is as an artist.
145 ::: Tony Bennett: Duets II (2012) ::: music ::: To celebrate his 85th birthday, Tony Bennett (1926-) sings with 14 artists for the 2011 CD, "Duets II". Bennett travels to each one, rehearse and see a complete shot. Each singer comments on what it is like to sing with Tony, every score firm with a birthday desire. Sometimes they face Bennett's jazz quartet, they are sometimes backed by an orchestra. Among the numbers, CD producer Phil Ramone speaks with the camera about the nature of Bennett's duets and style. Tony also comments, pointing, for example, that this is the last recorded performance of Amy Winehouse. Jorge Calandrelli organizes the songs. Cinematography includes many first planes of singers and musicians.
146 ::: Kids Incorporated: The Beginning (1984) ::: music ::: After hearing about the audition for a new band at the Malt Shop, Gloria decided to dig his piano practice to participate. She faces tough competition by the involvement of local favorite, children, but they all decide that working together will give them the edge that they need. Meanwhile, a new child in the city, known only as a "the kid", feels, I wish he was not very embarrassed in the audition for the band.
147 ::: Chicago & REO Speedwagon: Live at Red Rocks (2015) ::: music ::: Legendary Rock Bands at Red Rocks Amfitheater, Colorado, Chicago and Rio Speedwagen's extraordinary live show. The bands have their lives time, are really playing great encore - two band, hit -fuel, myth jam. A composed super group of Chicago and Reo Speedwagon is a matter of Encore Classic-Rack Legend.
148 ::: Ruby Turner: Album (1987) ::: music ::: Half of the British Blues talents, talents of the Album and the Album "Women" of the Album "Women", including Hit songs and "if you are ready." In the fall of 1987, it was shown in the ITV network.
149 ::: Gloriana (1984) ::: music ::: Estex Key, Robert Acex, a warm blood and jealousy of anyone can conquer the favor of the goodness. It provides conflict against the concrete of competition, Charles hit, the lazy woman, but then the queen and the gift of his gift arrived. He commanded the two men to fill, and he discussed our conventions in Essex and Header's head, Sir Robert Cecil. It focuses on EskeX, but CECIL has warned him about the dangers that show the political for it. It also tells the new Armada that can be on the way. Essex comes and ask for authority to go to Ireland to prevent the rebellion of Tyne. She accuses her with secil and sir walter raleiz of it. Girl opposed and sent. Essean complained to his wife about Elizabeth's ways of breaking his wishes to Ireland. Arrangements are giving a ball to the ball of it makes it ease and are very good, but the women are coming back, but it is clear that the woman is large, Queen Elizabeth, wears it. Elest is angry against her own painful wife, but the queen said that it is to be appointed to an agent and Ireland. In the last chapter, the results did not match Irish rebellion. Although Elizabeth is interested in, he cannot accept his failure or parania with political attacks at court. The lady's daughter commanded him, some citizens of citizens that others say he is a traitor and take for his death. Queen Elizabeth will concern his or her attitude and the best of the best decision.
150 ::: "Mario's Magic Mixtape" (2017) ::: music ::: Mario's Magic Mixtape is the most recent musical interactive DJ DJ of our guru. One full hour of music, uniquely focuses on your loved ones in a mix that you would never imagine, simply because it is magic. Live broadcast on Friday night at 8:00 pm. The regular special co-host is Tyrone Dubose, the historian R&B, broadly presented in the Usung series.
151 ::: "Air Time '57" (1956) ::: music ::: Hosted by and with singer Vaughn Monroe, this musical program and variety of half an hour presented to viewers live performance of popular songs. Help Vaughn was the jazz trumpeter Bobby Hackett and his group, as well as various musical guests that sang or play every week.
152 ::: Lighthouses of the Pacific Northwest (2010) ::: music ::: Zigo Orpen Coast around Washington State to twelve in popular mountains. A dramatic picture is held in the red camera and 4k and carefully turned on 1080p for the best in Blu-ray. The beauty of the beauty of Johnny Brigar is placed. The program was shot in the summer of 2009. It is included is a large Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buck Buly. We returned to the first open open open and the changing files to create a new line. The northwest is not reported. It is the eye of the visual vision. President: Speci
153 ::: The Quest (2004) ::: music ::: Like a favorite aunt that calls when you are on the sidelines of a disaster, the Wisdom arrival is always welcomed. He saves the day by providing many views and options from graceful options. Wisdom cannot be approved, purchased or stolen. He is rarely attracted by young people and never assured in the elderly. Crusher is a product of a good life, with less roads that pass, friendships are raised and carried many times. Like a long -lasting mother, she deeply recognizes her wisely and cares about them through the twists and rotations of this annoying journey.
154 ::: Celtic Thunder: Voyage (2012) ::: music ::: Celtic Thunder travels through a variety of Celtic and Irish music styles, from traditional standards such as Logan Love and Coor's servant to contemporary Irish songs such as all day and girl gallows.
155 ::: My Morning Jacket: Okonokos (2006) ::: music ::: My morning jacket: Okonokos is a live concert movie by My Morning Jacket, released on October 31, 2006. The film was recorded during the Fall 2005 Z tour, over two nights at Fillmore in San Francisco, California. My morning jacket: Okonokos is as much a question as an answer. It's an enigma wrapped around a mystery. My morning jacket: Okonokos is what you want it to be. Filmed by Sam Erickson, mixed by Michael Brower and controlled by Bob Ludwig.
156 ::: Oil on Canvas (1983) ::: music ::: A successful British British band filmed live at a concert at Hammersmith Odeon, London on November 16, 1982. Setlist: 1 Burning Bridges 2 Sons of Pioneers 3 Gentlemen Take Polaroids 4 Swing 5 Cantonese Boy 6 VISIONS of China 7 Canton 8 Ghosts 9 S. Ick In mobile houses 10 dance methods 11 concert art
157 ::: Tanya Tucker: Live at Billy Bob's Texas (2005) ::: music ::: Tanya Tucker performed on the stage of veteran Billy Bob on Texas and singing words for each of his hits with thousands of fans, telling everyone in the audience why she is still the queen of music of the country. His classic singing of his cross -hits, "Delta Don" captured the audience to the tune of an elaborate ovation, much like every song that night. The country's sensation with a new generation of fans who came in contact with Tanya's music through their appearance with Greatchen Wilson, their crowds were very young and energy, which was full of their music vitality in the music of today's country Was a great will for. As soon as the night closed and Tanya left the stage with grace, Billy Bob's crowd knew that he had seen history in making. Loans for wires shine in the star state shining and Tanya is the last Texas star, a true legend in the country's music as well as a hero for every "Rednek woman" worldwide.
158 ::: Sting Red Hot: Ercie, Beenie Man and Ninja Man (2001) ::: music ::: On 2000, 2001, the best rage from Jamaica showed top acts like Bini Man, Cruel, Ninja Man, Lexus Elephant Man, Junior Kelly, Vegas, George Noux, Cecil, Ninja Man, Markilus. , Bounty Killer and more.
159 ::: Children in Need Rocks the 80s (2017) ::: music ::: An alignment full of stars celebrates the decade that saw the first great appeal of BBC Children in Need. Organized by Fearne Cotton and Sara Cox, with Roman Kemp capturing all the emotion behind the stage, this spectacular collection of funds includes A-HA, Bananama, Boy George, Europe, Europe, Europe, Imagination, Jason Donovan, Katrina, Louisa Johnson, Mica Paris, Nick Heyward, OMD and UB40 with Ali, Astro and Mickey. So the tinners dusty, pull their inaugurators and join the audience, which will dance all night to a large number of classics of the 80s.
160 ::: Zulu Awards '04 (2004) ::: music ::: The third annual "People's Choice Choice" awards from Danish Broadcaster TV 2 Julu, who awards "The Zulu" in 13 categories that cover music, television, commercials, sports and movies. The nominees are selected by experts selected in every five arts.
161 ::: American Saturday Night: Live from the Grand Ole Opry (2015) ::: music ::: The first film for the music concert created against Cinema from the theater Grand Ole OPRY in Nashville, which includes shows and behind the viewer, views of music artists Brad Paisley, Brett Shelton, Darius Rocker, Perry, Brett Eldridge.
162 ::: Al Dimeola: Speak a Volcano (2007) ::: music ::: After a great career and studying different styles after 30 years, Al-di is one of the most popular guitar masters of Jazz and Jazz-rock. The first Electric DVD, DI Meola is surrounded by DI MEOLA in November 2006 with a "volcanic language", its old companion and a wonderful percussionist Gumbo Orthiz, which has declined the love of the electric guitar. The result is an act of balancing with volcanic e-ecosy and emotional sketching, strong improvisation and intensive stories, including many works of Al di MEOLA and five piecola melodies.
163 ::: The Artists Music Guild Presents: The 2014 AMG Heritage Awards (2014) ::: music ::: The artists Music Guild brought together some of the most legendary artists in entertainment history for an evening full of music and prizes. Performances by Gloria Gaynor, Chubby Checker, Dee Dee Sharp, David L Cook, Christy Sutherland, Shirley Caesar, Terri Gibbs, Billy Gilman and Mallory Lewis & Lamb Chop. The AMG Heritage Awards 2014 will be broadcast by the Sky Angel Network.
164 ::: The Cranberries: Beneath the Skin - Live in Paris (2001) ::: music ::: Under the skin - Live in Paris is a concert video from the Irish rock band The Cranberrys from their Bury the Hatchet tour. Recorded on December 9, 1999 by Palais Omnisports de Paris-Bercy at the group's group in Paris, France, it was released on DVD in January 2001. DVD includes Documentary Movies of the Group and Technicians, advertising videos for Bury The the theme singles The Hatchet ("Promises", "Animal Instinct" and "Just My Imagination") and live performances of "How" (1993), "Yesterday's Gone" (MTV Unplugged, 1995), "Hollywood" and "Rescue The Grace "(1999). DVD has a concert at Dolby Digital Stereo and Dolby Digital DTS 5.1 Audio formats.
165 ::: "Hard Rock Heroes" (1990) ::: music ::: Hard Rock Heroes, the only hard Rock TV program from Winnipeg, about the hard rock scene of Winnipeg with band statues, interviews, new songs, album tracks and all the hard rock goings-on between 1990 and 1993 that local Winnipeg Rock Radio will simply not offer. Organized and produced by Beau Hajavitch.
166 ::: Fusion: Kanye West, Gnarls Barkley, Lupe Fiasco (2007) ::: music ::: Honan TV, with a concert with some of the most popular Taiwanese music artists, Hong Kong, Chinese and the United States at one stage. On February 13th and 14th, including Jackie Chan, Kani West, Gonarell Barclay, A-Mei, Lopee Facesko, Tan Vivi and Lee Yu because of the Supergirls exhibitions, and thousands of admirers during their live performances They were captured in the Aladdin theater. In Las Vegas for Fusion 2007. Sunday night February 25 in China, Fusion 2007 converted into a prominent success in media sharing by bringing a music compound that really brings social gaps to more than 200 million households across China's mainland became. This was the first six of the six. This is the first time that Hunan Satellite TV has been promoting Chinese New Year Concert overseas in North America. It was also the first time for the Tan Weiwei and Ly Yu Chun stars of the Chinese HIT, Supergirls, to visit the United States and run on Fusion 2007. "The historic show was successfully broadcast on Hunan TV on February 25 in China," Vice President of Hunan TV, Mr. Liu Hui Dong.
167 ::: "Galaxy Superstar" (2012) ::: music ::: The Galaxy Superstar is a talent audition show that discovers Indonesian talents that are perfectly in K-pops and dream of becoming a star like K-Pop Idol groups. The selected finalists of the audition of survival-type have to go through a rigorous training system in Korea to travel to Korea, which has produced wildly popular Korean pop stars. 6 finalists of 3 months training in Korea, a girl group, S.O.S. (Brief names of stage sensation) were formed.
168 ::: Celebrate! International Performing Arts for All (2004) ::: music ::: On September 15, 2004, Canadian paralympic athletes gathered for a PEP Team in Athens in the evening before opening the Athens Paralympic Game Ceremonies 2004. This hour-performance documentary brought together Four artists from across Canada to perform in this rally: Jesse Ross, a blind paralympic jazz singer, Denis Harting, a pop-blind singer, Chin inherit, a pop singer who is a juno winner's vocalist Intended by a young polio, and Adrian Antantawan, a violinist who won the scholarship award he was studying at the Curtis Institute of Philadelphia. This special documentary recounts their journey to Athens, the evidence and tribulations of their performance and aspirations to follow others.
169 ::: Mastodon Live at Brixton (2013) ::: music ::: On February 11, 2012, Mastodon closed the band's World Tour for his fifth studio album, "The Hunter" at the O2 Academy of London, BRIGG. The sale was the first show of the band in Bryrixton. In addition to introducing their recent songs "Curl The F Berl," "Black Tongue," and "Dry Bone Valley", the band performs their catalog "Colony of Birchman," "Capillary Crest," and "Iron Tusk." Critics said this 23-song set list "receives a sharp performance of dark refs and crushing chorus." Rolling Stone says "The Hunter" shows how contemporary radio rock can still be made with a magnificent sense of imagination, precision and force. "
170 ::: Rock (2017) ::: music ::: "Rock '- a musger of music. The heroes of the film is not followed by Moscow Music Heroes. These Towe is not a band or is not, not friends. But it's not only the The journey is beginning. It goes away from home, very dangerously converted to them internally. The film has changed. The film is a courage and is looking for themselves, where to sleep The young maniatiary music was the largest, bright, the most dangerous and unforgettable breath.
171 ::: "Contrasts" (1967) ::: music ::: In February 1966, two Soviet writers Andre Sinovsky and Yuli Daniel were sentenced under section 70 of the Russian Criminal Code. A live studio discussion about his role in the freedom of the Literary Gazette's Literary Gazette and a member of the Soviet writers' union's administrative council, and his role in the role of the writers and artists between the Malcolam Mugaries, and his role.
172 ::: David Gilmour: Live in Gdansk (2008) ::: music ::: On August 26, 2006, the sounds of legendary artist David Gilmour filled the air in the Shipyard in Gdansk, Poland, where 50,000 fans that congratulate join the commemoration of the world-changing events at the yard where hitting workers were credited with one of the first organized efforts that eventually led to the collapse of Communism in Eastern Europe. Gilmour and his six-piece strip are accompanied for the only time on their "on-island tour" by an orchestra: the 40 strong Baltic Polish Philharmonic String section, led by Zbigniew Preisner. It is the first direct registration with Pink Floyd's "High Hopes" orchestra and "A Great Day for freedom." The two-hour concert, directed by Gavin Elder, shows the drama of Gdansk, set up against the urban landscape of the yard and the horizon full of crane. Hanging above the stages, suspended on two giant cranes, there are six 16-ton screens, each focused on a band member and lit in a color calidoscope and lasers by Lightmeister Marc Brickman.
173 ::: "Victor Allen's Local Zone" (2010) ::: music ::: Stylist of the R&B song Soul awarded to the Grammy Awards and icon of musical theater Stephanie Mills interpreted its successes at the series of summer concerts of Baldwin Hills Crenshaw Plaza. The video of Thelz (local area) recorded portable with HDD Canon HG10 at 150 feet. Registered on August 10, 2011.
174 ::: "Jazz and Blues TV" (2014/I) ::: music ::: Jazz & Blues TV is an Internet-based TV service, HD On-Demand, dedicated to the showcase of the best contemporary artists, Blue, Soul, RNB, Latin & Gospel from around the world. This is another coming step and direction to the DJ's central production team as Jazz & Blues will go to production from July 20, the show will have jazz, blues and soul artists from around The world.
175 ::: A Brulé Christmas (2012) ::: music ::: "Brulé Christmas" is a captivating vacation concert that combines contemporary American native music with traditional rhythms and dance, while delivering the convincing message of peace, unity and reconciliation of cultures. The moving music of Brule 'combined with an American native dance and an impressive theatricality, is alone in its beauty, emotion and spiritual message. Filmed in the beautiful RFD-TV The Theater in Branson, MO, this live performance captures the true essence of Brule's mission 'and explores the common terrain between cultures. This concert presents 15 songs from the Brule catalog of the award -winning contemporary American music.
176 ::: The Greatest Music Party in the World (1995) ::: music ::: Built by Tony Hollingworth of tribute, Mars Corporation has appointed a marketing and promotional vehicle for its candy brand twicks. In five days, 27 bands and artists entertained 37,500 audiences and were filmed for a special broadcast in 36 countries during the Christmas period. The bill ranges from Rod Stewart, Diana Ross and Rod Stewart's Great Legends to the top Eternal Eternal, Shogie, Lightning Seeds and Alanis Morrison.
177 ::: Dan Berglund's Tonbruket (2010) ::: music ::: In the wake of Esbourne Svinssoron at the same time, he passes through the summer of 2008, his former colleague Dan Bergelond supported Johann Lindsrom, one of the Swedish steel guitar players. Over the next six months, Martin Hydros, the pianist, joined the soundtrack in our lives, Andreas Werlin (drums) to the jam and a step of the four individuals who formed a real group.
178 ::: Rock (2017) ::: music ::: "Rock '- a musger of music. The heroes of the film is not followed by Moscow Music Heroes. These Towe is not a band or is not, not friends. But it's not only the The journey is beginning. It goes away from home, very dangerously converted to them internally. The film has changed. The film is a courage and is looking for themselves, where to sleep The young maniatiary music was the largest, bright, the most dangerous and unforgettable breath.
179 ::: Children in Need Rocks the 80s (2017) ::: music ::: Star -created composition celebrates the decade that the BBC children saw in the first major attractiveness of Need. The host of Fearne Cotton and Sara Cox, as Roman Camp caught all the excitement behind the scenes, this grand fundraising includes performances by A-HA, Banarama, Boy Georg Heyward, OMD and UB40 with the participation of Ali, Astro and Mickey. So powder from shoulder pads, pull your leg and join the audience, which will dance at night a whole host of classics from the 80s.
180 ::: Mastodon Live at Brixton (2013) ::: music ::: On February 11, 2012, Mastodon took the stage at London's O2 Academy, Brixton who collided with the band's world tour for their fifth study album, "The Hunter." This performance sold was the band's first show in Brixton. In addition to performing their latest songs "Curl of the Burl," "Black Tongue", and "Dry Bone Valley" the Band has digged in their catalog of performing "Colony of Birchmen," "Capillarian Crest", and "Iron Tusk. " Critics said this list of 23 songs captures "an intense display of dark riffs and a crushing choir." Rolling Stone says "" The hunter "shows how contemporary radio rocks can still be done with imagination, precision and a sense of majestic force."
181 ::: "Villa-Lobos and the String Quartet" (2012) ::: music ::: Villa-Lobos is the most important classic music composer known in Brazil. It is also the most abundant Quartet in the twentieth century with 17 full works filmed in this full business series, where he owns the luminals like Turibio Santos, President of the Brazilian Academy of Music, and 4 musicians in Radamés Gnattali String Quartet, this series, takes their time to analyze his approach In the composition, its effective effects and passion for the country of Brazil. Villa-Lobos and String Quartets is a musical documentary that depicts the composer and the city that inspired it. Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The seventeen structures recorded by the Quartet Radames Ghannatali in these albums are a synthesis of Heitor Villa-Lobos music production. The breeding period extends between 1915 and 1957. Opening a window on the most important stages of the composer and giving options to see technical and aesthetic aspirations at different moments of his career. It was recorded between June 2010 and September 2011 at the Presidential Palace, the Larangiraras Palace and the municipal theater in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
182 ::: M3: Rough An' Ready (2006) ::: music ::: This concert video, filmed in June 2004 in Burnley, England, shows three beautiful artists - Bernie Marsden, Mick Moody and Neil Murray - original members of the classic Heavy Metal Band Whitesnake. Special functions include an exclusive Marsden-Moody version of the songs "Trouble" and "Till the Day I Die", as well as an interview with Moody that reveals the varied influences of the group, such as the Allman Brothers and Lynyrd Skynyrd.
183 ::: P3 Guld (2006) ::: music ::: The fourth television presentation of the annual Awards of Awards by Public Danmarks Radio Music Music, P3. Six awards have been presented to Danish music artists in contemporary genres, including the main award for Michael Simpson, and a number of local artists, including nephew, infernal and Trentemřller, perform their music for a live audience, as well as listeners and viewers in radio and radio and television.
184 ::: Monsanto Night Presents Lena Horne (1969) ::: music ::: This was Lenahorn's first network TV special. Her songs include Billy Stray Horn's "A Flower is a Lovesome Thing", "BLACKBIRD" of The Beatles, "You made me very happy", "Good Morning StarShine", and of course "Stormy Weather" Included the classic production of. O.C. Smith sang his song, "Friends, Lover, Woman, Wife." David Janssen chatted with Lena about appearing in a series of forgotten films when he was a child, and in his early twenties, in the version of the duet of "I went to the town." Sagging to the version of the six photos. -It is displayed a few months ago through high school. Lena's husband Lenny Haiton led the orchestra.
185 ::: ISADAR - Solo Piano: Volume 1 (2010) ::: music ::: A set of personal piano performances and music videos with a record artist, a spokesman.
186 ::: "Muzika kroz vekove" (1976) ::: music ::: A high production television series, for centuries, music, dance and stage performances have been tracked. International renowned conductor, powered and hosted by Mastro Oscar Denon, the series was the top of the Television Belgrade's 1970's music output.
187 ::: Gypsy: Live from the Wildey Theatre (2017) ::: music ::: The Saint Louis area has been taken into account by lovers and bond members, 2015. The jumps have returned to the theater in the nearby Adington Polar, IL Previously presented: 9 The quality and sound of the picture and the voice is playing their hearts from large real jam bands, their hearts out of their best materials. The sounds of the class, Virtuous tools and the killer of the "dead man", "last", "
188 ::: All the Way from Michigan Not Mars (2009) ::: music ::: A lyrical examination of the independent singer Rosie Thomas on an expression of the truth, combining the songs of sad depression, the sharp joking and Shaila, the strange variable ego. Using live live shows with his colleagues, Suffjan Stevens and Denison Witmer, as a way, MARS is a contemplative exploration of the unique Thomas brand of performance.
189 ::: In Performance at the White House: A Salute to Broadway, Showstoppers (1988) ::: music ::: The concert performed five major theater ladies in the PBS series "in the White House", hosted by the President and Ms. Reagan. This included a tribute to Mary Martin's fiftieth anniversary at the show. The hard drive here "My heart belongs to Baba", "and I tell you", "for me, Argentina" and "memory" and other choices.
190 ::: CIRCA: Live (2008) ::: music ::: The progressive rock band, around: performs its debut concert. About:, containing current and past members of the legendary group "Yes" (QV), they perform their entire debut album, as well as a 45-minute chronological medal of "Yes" (QV), covering 1969-1999.
191 ::: Sound in Motion (2004) ::: music ::: A closer look at the neuron music synthesizer. In addition to interviews with people such as Hans Zimmer and Axel Hartmann DVD offers a practical video and six pieces of music from various mixed artists to 5.1 surroundings containing neuron sounds.
192 ::: The Map (2003) ::: music ::: Based on field research video from Hunan province, China and recently filmed footage, the film provided a live accompanying, both visual and aural, to the world-renowned cellist Yo-Yo Ma and the Boston Symphony Orchestra. He has traveled and has been seen in many of the largest concert halls in the world.
193 ::: The 40th Annual Grammy Awards (1998) ::: music ::: The gram of the American Audio Academy was established by the American Association of Sound Voice Companies of March 14, 1958. Grammy will be awarded annually as a result of the voting of the authorized members of the "Scripture Academy".
194 ::: "ABC Barn Dance" (1949) ::: music ::: One of the TV programs of television, this show began as the Jack Jack radio technology that is played with the Folks that play on the folk and the Western Styles.
195 ::: Jeff Lynne's ELO at Hyde Park (2014) ::: music ::: On the sunny day of September, Jeff Lee, the head of the 70's hit-matching band, went to the stage at the Hyde Park, London, and with the help of his baking band and BBC concert orchestra, the Hyde Park was brought to the nearest Radio Annual Festival. After the absence from the live stage for 28 years, the headline set by Jeff Linen's Elo was a very anticipated and talk and ... it was not disappointed. , In front of the 000,3 people, Jeff Lee gave the sound and crowd-to-top-top of the chart-top-top of the electric light C-recasm, including Livin Thing, Sweet Talkin 'Female, Don Me Down, Mr Blue Sky, and a roll over. Beethovan. And there was also a special treatment, Jeffe Arena for Mr Jeff Linena's Aloe with a wonderful return from the ultimate supergroup of all -time, with the journey of the Willburies, with his 1988 hit handle, all, with a spectacular return on the memorable night and live!
196 ::: World Music Awards 2004 (2004) ::: music ::: In a production of Las Vegas, the World Music Awards present prices for sales of international records, with Usher Cast as a winner of several prizes as well as interpreter. With a series of celebrity presenters, including Pamela Anderson, Anna Nicole Smith and Michael Douglas, the artists' exclusively North American list also includes the Diamond Award recipient, Celine Dion, Kanye West, Usher, Big Boi with Patti Labelle, April Lavigne, Alicia Keys, Josh, Josh Groban, Hilary Duff, Marc Anthony, Hoobastank, Maroon 5 and Whitney Houston in a special performance honoring the Record Clean Davis.
197 ::: Five O'Clock People: Live @ GFU (2010) ::: music ::: The Five O'Clock People band acts at the George Fox University in Newberg, Oregon, to promote its 2008 launch temperament temperament. Burchett, Chris Rhoads and Jeremiah Hayden.
198 ::: Stevie Ray Vaughan & Double Trouble: Live from Austin, Texas (1995) ::: music ::: Stevy Ray Vaughan performs live with its trio dual trouble at the show "Austin City Limits" show. "Austin, Live from Texas" "Austin City Limits" two separate shows, one from 1983 and one from 1989. , "And" crossfire. ,
199 ::: Behind the Player: Paul Gray (2008) ::: music ::: Paul Gray is the Slipknot Gramig Award. Gray gives intimate backstage scenes, looking at his life as a professional musician - including rare photos and videos. Gray then gives in -depth bass lessons on how to play "Doubles" and "Fliping" from Slipknot and hold the tracks with stone sour drummer Roy Majorga.
200 ::: Joe Longthorne: Live at the Hippodrome (2015) ::: music ::: From his first appearance in the search for a star in 1981, Joe Longhuren was one of our brightest artists and preferred in London in ADEM. The wonderful lyric atmosphere and his ability to impersonate the character of the stars such as Elvis and Shirley Passi, heard him as one of the best -selling male singers in the past three decades. With his first appearance in 1981, Joe Longhuren was one of our brightest singers. After the Buckingham Palace Award in 2012, Joe made a special concert at Hippodrome in London in front of his beloved fans. This program was presented by Neil Sean from NBC Entertainment News, and he celebrates a unique artist in one of the most important days of his career.
201 ::: American Ballet Theatre in San Francisco (1985) ::: music ::: American Ballet Theater, in San Francisco, dance several pieces at the war Memorial Opera House, such as Paul Taylor's "Aeres", a black swan couple Bujons and Synthia Gregory of "Swan Lake" "Swan Lake" represented by two pass-de-dux-Fernando; And Sir Kenneth MM Kamilan danced by Romeo and Juliet, Natalia Makarova and Kevin McKenzie - Antony Tuder's "Jardin UX Qs Lila" and finally, "Great Gelping Gotschhal", which was organized by Lynn Taylor -Corbet.
202 ::: "On the Boardwalk with Paul Whiteman" (1954) ::: music ::: Summer replacement show with eight amateurs acting in the first thirty minutes. The four qualified acts best returned the following week, after a week of professional training, to act during the second half of the show.
203 ::: Kids Incorporated: The Beginning (1984) ::: music ::: After Gloria has heard about auditions for a new band in the Malt Shop, he decides to give up her piano practice for participation. She looks at hard competition through local favorites, integrated children, but they all decide that the cooperation gives them the border they need. In the meantime, a new child in the city, who is only known as "The Kid", has watched and wished that he would not be too shy to play for the band.
204 ::: Just Friends (1993) ::: music ::: Jack has Cross Sextonon and she plays the jazz. In the 5th 1950s, there is no future for jazell musicians in Belgium Harbor city settlers. Jack and his band attempts to live by playing in wedges and result in a strange tea party and the scene of old tea. Often, he lives by the vicoring of Kenya in the Antuturt disk. Jack believes New York is the place for jazz music, but will he get money for a big trip? And what is very important: a woman or a sorote?
205 ::: Emporio Armani: A Private Party (1996) ::: music ::: Giorgio Armani is a famous invited party, fashion exhibition, Madoni Avenue, Mandony Avenue, and a concert on the opening of the shop "Giorgio Armani". Favorite artists include wall stoves, empty places, Jelo, Joakin Cortes, Manshell N'deocello, Eric Klapton and Cheryl ravens.
206 ::: The Magic Flute (2007) ::: music ::: Filled with ritual and symbolic, Mozart's latest masterpiece is a pleasant, but deep look at the seeking of man's love and his struggle to achieve wisdom and virtue. From the virtuoso Arias of the Queen of the Night to the Folksong-like tunes of the parrot poultry capture, the full range of Mozart's wonderful talent is on display in this magical fairy tale opera, "gloriously designed by Gerald Scarfe ”(San Francisco examiner). Donald Runnicles develops a pleasant caste headed by soprano Dina Kuznetsova, which is "an annoying virtue, its dark, clumsy tone giving an air of performance greatness" (San Francisco Chronicle); And the praised lyric tenor Piotr Beczala, who "looks born for tamino" singing with a voice "exactly the right weight and timbre .... Hungarian soprano Erika Miklósa is great as the Queen of Night ... not only nailing impossible by looking for acrobatics of colors, but singing beautifully as well ”(San Francisco Examiner). As Papageno, Christopher Maltman is incomparable in his "vocal brio and theatrical gift ... there was no resistance to a brilliant show. Chronicle).
207 ::: "Check It Out! Video" (2009) ::: music ::: Legendary Hip-hop DD, Frank Ramires, which will take place 1 hour hip-hop, rap, rap, a musical video and interview show. Interlated with the largest names in Frank, Rap Game, talks to the warmest new albums and mixes the newest music videos and mixes with the old hip-hops and music blocks.
208 ::: In Performance at the White House: Chorus Lines (1988) ::: music ::: Presented on the South Lawn of the White House, organized by President and Mrs. Reagan, this concert was in the PBS series "In Performance At The White House" with Broadway Show series. Included are "sit down, you rock the boat" from "boys and dolls", "if I loved" carousel "," until there was "from" the music man "," nothing like a lady "" South pacific "And the title track of" Oklahoma! "
209 ::: Velvet Underground: Velvet Redux Live MCMXCIII (1993) ::: music ::: Velvet Underground became legends after its 1970 separation, but gathered briefly 23 years later, playing some dates as an opening act for U2 in the summer of 1993 and led its own brief tour of Europe. Before they could come to the United States, they separated again. Filmed in L'Olympia in Paris in June 1993, Velvet Redux Live MCMXCIII presents part of one of its meeting concerts (it does not offer a complete show since eight songs are missing). Velvet's underground meeting may not have arrived in the United States, but as live DVDs go live MCMXCIII is erected as an appropriate tribute to both Morrison and the legacy of the underground velvet.
210 ::: "Big in a Small Town" (2012) ::: music ::: Casey clow hit the small town across the country looking for another fleanment of Canada. When he found what he was looking for, a human life would change. Draw 1 - Alberta and SacerWan and Searter Canada continue in Canada and Ontario to reveal small towns and large ways. Episode 3 - Live to the air - The trists 2 from the story of 1 & 2 work for one case to live in Toronto!
211 ::: Paul Brandt: Just as I Am (2013) ::: music ::: The songs performed by his latest album, "Like I Am", Paul Brandt invites CMT to a play inspired in the Ryman Holy Auditorium, as he describes the history and importance of the music of the Gospel, and is the influence on the country's music and his career. Performance chooses from his latest album, "Like I am", Paul Brandt invites CMT to an inspired show in the Holy Auditorium Ryman, as he describes the history and importance of the music of the Gospel, and that is influence on the music of the country and his career.
212 ::: "Music Beat" (1998) ::: music ::: A 60 -minute music show that was broadcast in Indianapolis on his PBS station. Collin, the host and Dylan, the director is constantly fighting with the new ward manager. The format was as less time-consuming and reborn than just a studio show. Stay a large part of the funness of the older episodes, but in a much simpler format.
213 ::: "Rockin' in a Hard Place" (1985) ::: music ::: Many bands could be seen very early in their career, such as Alice in Chains, Pantera, Warrant, Guns & Roses, Megadeth, Jetboy, etc ... The show was syndicated in more than 20 large markets, including Los Angeles, New York, San Diego, Cleveland, New Jersey, etc ... In the end this led Danni Krash to work for C.B.S. Records as manager of A&R. Penelope Spheris (director of "The Decline of Western Civilization") called Danni Krash the "Dick Clark of the Sunset Strip". Acts such as Black Sabbath, Wasp, Ozzy, Whitesnake, The Doobie Bros., Motley Crue, DIO, Betuite Riot, Bon Jovi, Cheap Trick, Marillion, Kiss, all came to the show and in most cases fans and supporters became of the Show. Started as a local T.V. -how by Danni Krash on Cable T.V. (This also led to Danni Krash that shot live performance images, interviews for most major record labels, as well as CNN, E.T., VH1, Hard and Heavy, etc.) With live performances, interviews and behind the scenes of local and large signed acts .
214 ::: Jane's Addiction: Live Voodoo (2010) ::: music ::: On the night of the New Orleans, "New Orlean" experience live live live live on air live live live live live live live live live live live live live. . This is a great show group in a group of a group of Permarlell, his most rigid places.
215 ::: Parade of the Dead (2010) ::: music ::: In 2010, a virus spread to the world's population, which transforms the remaining people into a mindless corpse. The hilltop hoods around the same time of these apocalypse incidents were due to making a DVD for their album 'State of the Art'. As the civilization collapsed, the hood was so self-sufficient that he created his DVD anyway.
216 ::: Mariah #1's (1999) ::: music ::: Maria Kerry's sixth VHS/DVD is released. By that time, a collection of music videos of his American number-1 (song which reached number one on Bilboard Hot 100), by that time, the home video was originally released on VHS on 7 December 1999, While the DVD was released, the sixth VHS/DVD of Maria Carrie of February 1, 2000. #1 is DVD. By that time, a collection of music videos of his American number-1 (song which reached number one on Bilboard Hot 100), by that time, the home video was originally released on VHS on 7 December 1999, While the DVD was released on 1 February, 2000. Earlier, Kerry released the biggest hit of #1, one of the largest hit compilation, including his thirteen American number-a single until that point. The DVD of the same name is based on that album, but until its release time, Kerry scored fourteenth American number one before her latest studio release Rainbow. Its music video and video of its remix (as a bonus track) thus included on DVD. During the month of DVD's release, Kerry also earned her number one single, "Thank God I Found You". The DVD does not include official music videos for "Vision of Love", "Love Tech Time", and "Somade", as he admitted that he did not like some of his early music videos. They are replaced by live performances from the previous DVD/video release. #1 was re -released as part of Maria Kerry in 2008: DVD collection, a 2 DVD set including fantasy: Maria Kerry at the Madison Square Garden. The video has a small version from the original, without the introductory sections per track.
217 ::: "Guitar Center Sessions" (2010) ::: music ::: 'Peter Gabriel' (QV) interprets "Here Comes The Flood" and "Father, his" on the piano and talks about his new project to exchange songs, his real world studios, his inspiration for the ancients and this What does it mean to be a Citizen world world, as well as to take questions from the public about your writing.
218 ::: American Bandstand's 30th Anniversary Special (1981) ::: music ::: The special 30th anniversary for the legendary Dick Clarke TV show "American Bandstand" was specially released publicly at TV stations on the night of Friday, October 30, 1981. Dick Clarke showed clips from the old episode of the show, clips from the 1950s and the most of the 1960s of interest. But the most exciting moment in the special was when Dick Clarke played a tribute to the 1950 Rocker Bill Haley with an all-star-gam of "Rock Around the Clock", which has a clip from Bill Haley's 1950s old clips from the 1950s. Showing and performs their comets.
219 ::: Jamaican Gold (2008) ::: music ::: The most long -running Regge Club in Jamaica Gold California. Recording this wonderful film, which was recorded from July 2006 to Summer 2007, includes Reggay and Dancehall Superstars Binee Man, Elephant Man, Damian Marley, Cham, Lady Sa, Luciano, Spragga Benz, Junior Reed, Richie Spice and Mad Cobra. Witness artists as never before in the myth Jamaican Gold Club
220 ::: Can U Feel It: The UMF Experience (2012) ::: music ::: You may feel it is the UMF experience on the great screen. It is a long-term movie about a new generation that is seen through the eyes of the world's largest DJs. Tiesto, David Guetta, Carl Cox, Afrojack, Fedde Le Grand, Boys Noize will be the leading superstars that lead you on an electrifying journey through the UMF and the world of dance music. The film makes you feel like dancing and in the DJ booth at the same time and has the step and sensation of a musical video mixed with deep events on the artists, the event and Especially adding dance music around the world. UMF is the world's electronic music festival. It's like the Olympics for Electronic Dance (EDM) and every year during the Miami music week artists and leading EDM fans from around the world collide in Miami for this ultimate experience In dance music. "It's the largest dance holiday in the world," says Tiesto about UMF. "The whole world is dancing now," says David Guetta who explains the global explosion of Dance music. Closer than ever and feel the vibe and energy of the UMF experience. Can you feel it? * Also appear: Armin van Buuren, Avicii, Steve Aoki, Laidback Luke and Will.i.am. The film was shot during UMF Miami in 2011.
221 ::: Disco Delirio (1979) ::: music ::: Milan, 1978. It exploded on Saturday night. So every Saturday also in Milan, a group of young people who use it to meet in Disco. Among them soon love and passion explodes between the dance competition and another. Boys and girls begin to love each other. But the competition quickly shares the groups. Finally, the couple will fall in love and will also become the leader in dance.
222 ::: "Bluegrass Underground" (2011) ::: music ::: The volcano range from the volcano room below 333 feet below 333 feet below 333 feet below the McMinville in Tennessee at the historic Camberland Cauvers. The diversity of America's musical heritage is celebrated with artists with artists: Yes but America, Country, Spirit, Blues, Rock N Roll, Gospel, Folk and everything.
223 ::: The Smashing Pumpkins: Oceania 3D Live in NYC (2013) ::: music ::: Smashing Pumpkins Oceania 3D in New York was filmed last December at Barclay's Arena in New York City, where the group performed its new Oceania album in its entirety, along with a selection of the biggest successes of the band. The pumpkin shows included images prepared by Sean Evans, whose most recent project was to help Roger Waters in the most recent staging of "The Wall." The pumpkins used a new technology in the video mapping to create something new and previously invisible, all of which is captured by 3D experts and the 5.1 enveloping sound recorded for the best sensory experience of visual audio!
224 ::: "Quality Control" (2014) ::: music ::: Quality Control is the most latest music show that brings current trending and installed acts together for a live music extravaganza. Filmed in some of the most popular and iconic London Music Destination, the show with the hottest evening playlist.
225 ::: Der Apotheker (1953) ::: music ::: Mangon (Tanner), Apothecaries loves apprentice, grilleta (Soprano), but Valpino, about a man, also loves him. Sympownio, the foster father of Grilleta, is unlikely to allow him to marry, as she is interested in himself. To see Mangon's Bluff to see if he really loves him, pretends to accept the grilleta samperonio (tenners), but the notary to marry them is really Valponio in disguise. Mangon also appears, in disguise as a notary!
226 ::: Hot Metal 4 (1991) ::: music ::: A compilation of Christian music videos with strong edges showing the Tamplin, Ransom, Vengeance Rising, Angelica and others scattered from now the music band Frontline Music now through their intense records. Artists' interviews + behind the scenes The videos made this video 60 minutes interesting.
227 ::: 03/02/05 (2005) ::: music ::: The Face Tomorrow DVD is a Night Town Theater in his hometown of Rotterdam and has a complete live show of tomorrow's band face. In addition, the band and its members have a documentary. The DVD features a new music video of the song "My World in IN" and is like a photo slide show or music video in the photo. In 2003, Face Tomorrow toured the UK with AFI and played the NME Award in London Astoria. However, since the release of the new record "A the Closer You Get" in May 2004, the band has really been playing it. They play the whole state throughout Europe, sell out clubs, and play some of the biggest festivals on the way. (Pukkkelpop, Lowlands, Ringfest, Popkoms, Groezrock, etc.) "Closer You Get You Get You Get You Get You Get" in hardcore, punk, pop, rock, and indie mixes has become even more perfect. The review is crazy, but tomorrow is not only a record face, but also convinced. They are typical live action. Hundreds of energy and intense live shows throughout Europe have created a large and strong fan base. It was finally captured by the video!
228 ::: State of Independence: Jon Anderson & The Contemporary Youth Orchestra (2010) ::: music ::: The former major singer of the Rock Group "Yes" shares the stage with the 112 -member contemporary Youth Orchestra and a 60 -member student Chorus, which disperses happiness and energy. In this lifetime and exciting exhibition, Zone Anderson and Youth Orchestra "Yes" and "Lonely Heart Owner Own" and "Lonely Heart Own", including hits for "Yes" and "Zone & Wangelis". “It was shot directly in Cleveland at the renowned Sewerance Hall Auditorium.
229 ::: "Rock Eisteddfod Challenge" (2006) ::: music ::: Rock EistedDFod call is a dance and drama measures around school as part of the global rock call. It is aimed at choosing a healthy lifestyle in addition to alcohol, drugs and smoking. Each participant is designed with teachers and parents, each participant is given 8 minutes in the form of schools, stage, dance and drama, sets, costumes and pre-recorded soundtrack in modern music.
230 ::: DanceCrazy Presents: Learn to Dance Waltz Volume 2 - A Complete Beginner's Guide to Dancing the Waltz (2007) ::: music ::: Dancecrazy.com is VOL. Two of your complete step -by -step guide to dance Waltz. Includes complete breakdowns and detailed guidance for men and women, such as dancing to music, etiquette of ball room dance, and important tips for success on dance floors. Waltz Volume 2 is featured from where volume 1 was interrupted. Provide a deeper and more advanced Waltz step, mature and develop your style. With the help of the two friendly and skilled ball room instructors, we will take the path to elegance, style, and confidence. Learn the important components of this beautiful dance, introduce dances, such as excitement, shaking, footwork, and exploring steps that help you get the calmness of the dance floor. Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers explore the gorgeous movements of the dance icon, incorporating their liquidity into your own steps. You learn everything, such as sparkling from the box step. Alison and Eldon skillfully guide various patterns, but provide many useful hints and suggestions on the way. With the warranty and elegance, we are ready to waltz at the next event. See you on the dance floor ...
231 ::: "How I Got the Gig" (2016) ::: music ::: I got my gig Jamkkard, Inc. Elmo music is in an interview of Pro, because they are not until they hear their big concerts, and they hear the stories of these artists. Lead guests are Launde, Brenda Lee, Josh Devin, Josh Devin, in one direction, Elryan Cooper, Adrian X, Dreke Nita-Strce, Rai Lucchare. Jambkard was a partner with the Scriptures Academy / grammar, which brought you the first four episodes of GIG.
232 ::: My Morning Jacket: Okonokos (2006) ::: music ::: My Morning Jacket: Okonokos is a live concert film by My Morning Jacket released on October 31, 2006. The film was recorded during the Z -fall Z tour of the group, over two nights in Fillmore in San Francisco, in California. My morning jacket: Okonokos is as much a question as a answer. It is an enigma wrapped around an enigma. My morning jacket: Okonokos is what you want. Shot by Sam Erickson, mixed by Michael Brauer, and controlled by Bob Ludwig.
233 ::: The Midnight Ramble Sessions: Volume 1 (2005) ::: music ::: In 2004, Lon Helm, a former group drummer, eager to return regularly after surviving a cancer period, regularly playing music, starting a series of small concerts at his real estate studio In Woodstock, Kurdish New York. Contact the shows "The Midnight Rambles", a collection of different guests once or twice a month while Helm and his curses played at home, and on October 23, 2004, Helm with Fred's Guitarist, Base Michael Merrit. , And the Blues of the Little Man Davis in Singing and Harmonica. Like other performances in the Midnight Ramble series, this gig was recorded and video recording and Midnight Ramble music sessions, volume. 1 feature 12 songs from that night.
234 ::: The Magic Flute (2007) ::: music ::: Filled with ritual and symbolic, Mozart's latest masterpiece is a pleasant, but deep look at the seeking of man's love and his struggle to achieve wisdom and virtue. From the virtuoso Arias of the Queen of the Night to the Folksong-like tunes of the parrot poultry capture, the full range of Mozart's wonderful talent is on display in this magical fairy tale opera, "gloriously designed by Gerald Scarfe ”(San Francisco examiner). Donald Runnicles develops a pleasant caste headed by soprano Dina Kuznetsova, which is "an annoying virtue, its dark, clumsy tone giving an air of performance greatness" (San Francisco Chronicle); And the praised lyric tenor Piotr Beczala, who "looks born for tamino" singing with a voice "exactly the right weight and timbre .... Hungarian soprano Erika Miklósa is great as the Queen of Night ... not only nailing impossible by looking for acrobatics of colors, but singing beautifully as well ”(San Francisco Examiner). As Papageno, Christopher Maltman is incomparable in his "vocal brio and theatrical gift ... there was no resistance to a brilliant show. Chronicle).
235 ::: Tenacious D: The Complete Masterworks 2 (2008) ::: music ::: The Complete Master Works 2 is a video album from the Rock Band of the Tenacious American Comedy D. has footage from the band's shows in Seattle, Washington on February 16 and 17, 2007, except Many Bonus and D Tour videos: Tenacious Documentary. He is the successor of the previous collection of the Band The Complete Master Works.
236 ::: "Fusion TV" (2000) ::: music ::: Popular music and sports Austin Film Festival, Lollapuluja, The Big Stink, The Warpade Tour, the US Open of Surfing and the Transworld Skateboard Awards have been included in a show, including direct coverage. The bands include Hubastank, Nofx, Crystal Method, The Flaming Lips, Sum 41 and Trap
237 ::: "Eldorado" (1983) ::: music ::: Jetan's Matthen and Lue-Nalo lives in Laban. In addition, it's live music by Ryan Paris (Smile Video "and Music Video" by Elton John ". End by Ellton Jan, Music Video To be made. "The musical principle of the musical records are won by the musical records and" the Chinese girl "music videos and" played the china. Business to "my boy's colored" activity "my boyfoot" my boyflovin "activity".
238 ::: Reading Festival 1993 (1993) ::: music ::: 90-90-90-90-90-90-9-9-90 minutes and early 1993 examples for Channel Jsb in Japan. The movie movies include figures against the sky, people, Porno for Pyros, SiouSie and complain, the new commandment and atom of me are Dundbin.
239 ::: "Unspoken Words" (2015) ::: music ::: Recognized for his deep sense of poetry and distinctive style, the Steinway Sandro Russo pianist has been in search of a soloist in many places around the world. His performance in Berlin Concerthouse is the last of his European tour in 2015. Supporting non -profit organizations in Germany: Luba Dresden E.V., Dresdner Kinder Herzenswünschen, the non -profit Berlin organization for musicians, Klinikum St. Georg in Leipzig. Program: 4 Ballads of Shopin, Lowell Lieberman Nactune NR. 10 and Sonate NR of Rachmaninoff. 1
240 ::: One Night Stand: Johnny Reid (2016) ::: music ::: Johnny Reed delights his faithful fans with a surprise steam performance in the Palice Royal in Toronto. Show Business, Johnny Reed and a hardworking man who works hard in his group, the catalog of hits, as well as some new dinners in the store!
241 ::: Scuzz Meets Linkin Park (2014) ::: music ::: Date before they play download in the 2014 Lindup Parknionon. In this, it says from the workplace in their work What comes in the tenth century.
242 ::: Blue Man Group: How to Be a Megastar 2.0 (2008) ::: music ::: Hi iwona come to one of your Blue Man Group Oh stores yeah it's going to be so fun, I hope you see me one day, but I could buy one of your films or maybe I could remove it from EBay eBay can you get it good, I could get it by post today woohoo
243 ::: "Sonic Cinema" (2000) ::: music ::: The music journalist and recording artist, hosted by Dmitry Aharlich, exhibits music videos, short films, short documents and other tasks that explain the symbiotic relationship between music and film. This series also offers viewers to meet musicians, filmmakers and other independent artists involved in the creation of music images. Each episode begins with a look at two or more music videos that are connected together by a common sects, then a filmmaker introduced a part that was rarely seen by a segment that inspired him, or Otherwise it has been affected. Other segments called 'Meat' profile various artists who pull the world of music and film, which is always an expanded community with a band that scores the film; A filmmaker who uses music to add levels of meaning to a scene; Or a music supervisor, the name, every garage rock band that has ever seen inside the recording studio can give a name. Finally, in a segment titled 'I Mad It yourself', musicians discuss what happens when the musicians go back to the camera to make their devices, videos, EPKs and other tasks; The composer then presents a piece of his or one of her.
244 ::: New in November 2011 (2012) ::: music ::: More than twenty short operas were presented by composers from all over the United States and several countries to the new Hartford Opera Theater Festival in November. Six pieces were selected for performance. The operas were tested, staged and made within 48 hours.
245 ::: CMT Star: Filthy Rich Countdown (2008) ::: music ::: The exclusive peak of the superstar of a country music to the world. The show records the luxurious life of these modern cowboys and girls. With direct interviews, personal accounts, and behind -the -scenes images, each episode makes a close and personal view of the life of these idols worshiped Mega Musicans. Experience what it really means to be a rural star in today's vanity and excessive world. From restaurants to yachts and ranches, country music is the most wealthy, but you will be a celebrity of the earth. How much do these stars make? From a $ 75,000 to $ 14 million mansion a day. Let's say that superstars in these countries only make millions of people, and they are spending it.
246 ::: Lene Lovich: Live from New York at Studio 54 (2007) ::: music ::: The DVD always includes Lovich's rare performance, with Thomas Dolby in Studio 54 on December 4, 1981, on the synthesizer, on this night, Lovich estimated with the luminosity of his strong soprano and found the limitations of his voice. New wave experimental singers only dreamed. From this show, Stephen Holdon of NY Times wrote, "Miss Lovich put it in an interesting show in which he sang, played the saxophone and danced with a beautiful beauty of half-narrowed. His favorite mode is a wild, hiccup attack. He is often a semi-proof. Break into a bird that easily grows up to e-flats above high C. "
247 ::: We Day 2017 (2017) ::: music ::: We day expression of their movement. It accepts the stadium around the world. It's lively wide. This lack. It encourages the United Nations Unknown Speeches and awarded the awarding actor with an unacceptable change with incredible changes.
248 ::: David Gilmour: Live in Gdansk (2008) ::: music ::: Day August 26, 2006, Arting David Gilmour stops the air in Gdansk, where the army rotating the films are placed in the efforts of the effort Originally arranged by the arrangement of communism and Eastn Europe. Gilmur and 3 bonds follow only "in different travels" from 40 of the 40th trip, of zbbIner form. It is the first record of living with the pink floyd "hope" and "a good day for freedom." Two balls of gindin, which goin is displayed, showing the movie of Gdansk, set the country in the sky. Hung is higher than the partition, suspended any big crans two, six, each focused on the same KaleDoScope of the colors and levels from the Wartmeteist Marcman.
249 ::: Directions (2006) ::: music ::: Manhattan bands: a man sits in an isolated room, breathing through a paper bag and then with a head bag. The room begins to gradually seem the beach. He lies on the beach next to a woman with a bag on her head. Then he wakes up in the room, opens the door and sees the woman who was sitting on the beach with him, who is equally wet and leaving his own isolated room. Soul meets the video of Body-Home, indescribable. Summer Skin: Children are working in an office that is outside instead of going to the patio of recreation. They regret the time they are wasting, and seem to be loaded with depression. A child eliminates a sea star from his briefcase and escapes. The other children follow it. Different names for the same: a high school is playing different names for the same. Some seem tired, others are very excited. I will follow you to the dark: a series of sketches unified by the bunny and an old man and a child are shown in a notebook at a table. Your heart is an empty room, a child is (probably) the department of his girlfriend. She has guests and is angry because he did not socialize with them. The child goes home and plays video games. The next morning, it goes for sale of garage and finds finger puppets similar to its video game characters (a tricereratops and a robot). Dream of having fun with your girlfriend with these fingers and purchase puppets. Later, the child asks his girlfriend to go to him with him and look at the clouds. When he looks up, she's gone. Then, he leaves a puppet of finger at his door and goes home to play video games. Someday you will be loved: a clay heart supports a horrible torment to finally bloom in a beautiful flower. Crooked teeth: three members of the band (a pirate bassist, a robot guitarist/singer and a dragon drummer) are playing a song and tell their personal stories. The pirate was traveling a lot of time to find treasures just to realize that there was no treasure at all. The dragon fought hard for a princess just to realize that it was only a cardboard cut. The robot flew in space just to be shot down before reaching its destination. All the characters share a bond knowing that "you cannot find anything at all if there was nothing there all the time," said Sarah: a man feels smoking a cigarette in an artist's apartment. A woman in the bathroom is made up and writes in the mirror "Il m'aime". Then he goes to the apartment and writes in his hand "A PEU?" Man does nothing in response. She takes brushes and writes "Beaucoup!" In large letters on the wall. Even so, man does nothing. She drops the paint on the bed. She reveals "passion" tattooed on her arm. He still does nothing, and she begs him. Man simply ignites his cigarette. The woman takes an exact knife and size "La Folie" in her leg. The man shrinks. The woman returns to the bathroom and writes "Pas du tout", then cleans it and writes again "Il m'aime", the stable song: the children are underground in a semicircular house. They go down and find, for their delight, the sugar cereal. Then, the sister teaches the geography of her brothers. The sister and a brother fix an air filter. The sister tends to the garden, then thinks of her parents, whose faces seem to remember. She begins to throw the earth while her brother scribbles throughout a white wall with crayon. Then, the children snuggle around a TV, which does not receive a signal on any channel. The sister thinks of her parents and remembers them. Jealousy rides with me: couples are looking at dawn and moon rays, and playing with the sun and moon doing things to seem human. Then, all couples come out to see a complete solar eclipse. Talk as tourniquets: a man who tries to document the only live interpretation of speaking as tournaments runs on stage and is persecuted for security.
250 ::: Rock (2017) ::: music ::: "Rock '- a musger of music. The heroes of the film is not followed by Moscow Music Heroes. These Towe is not a band or is not, not friends. But it's not only the The journey is beginning. It goes away from home, very dangerously converted to them internally. The film has changed. The film is a courage and is looking for themselves, where to sleep The young maniatiary music was the largest, bright, the most dangerous and unforgettable breath.
251 ::: "Music Scene" (1969) ::: music ::: "Music scene" was presented by ABC TV in a 45-minute format, Monday evening 7: 30-8: 15, a unique time window that against CBS '"Gunsmoke" at 7:30 p.m. and NBCS in "LaGH in" 8 p.m. ". The series had several hosts, including Paul Anka, Lily Tomlin, Groucho Marx and David Steinerg, who often acted as hosts, writers and comedians. This series presented a broader selection of musical guests as ABC's former series" Shindig (1964). The main topic like "Shindig" was the hits of the day. In this tradition, "music scene" showed guests such as Crosby Stills and Nash, Janis Joplin, James Brown, Judy Collins and the Schlingel as well as the Beatles' in the form of their video from 1969, "The ballad of John and Yoko". Early Rock, Adult Contemporary, R N B and Country were also presented with the performances by Jerry Lee Lewis, Everly Brothers, Tony Bennett, Eydie Gorme, Lou Rawls, Jerry Butler, Sonny James and others
252 ::: Tuscan Skies ~ Andrea Bocelli ~ (2001) ::: music ::: Bocelli plays 10 songs around the loose structure. After a fierce battle of the Metropolitan concert, he is eager to see the quiet thing of the rural seaside house in Tuscana. He returns and sings in place. When he sang, he remembers his childhood, especially his playful and polite father and his joy around the horse. He also reminds and imagines the afternoon love making in an isolated villa. During the time in the studio, he recorded Helena and L'Abitudine and concluded his native son's portrait with his two sons.
253 ::: Holiday Voices (2003) ::: music ::: Festive votes are characterized by some musical images of the best music entertainment music aimed at festive topics. The lina includes the national famous artist Elton John! He also has a Jason star and cachesy Fernandes, crew caci-Fernandez. The show also includes the American Tenor and Nathan Galers. There is an amazing, famous radio station and a famous radio station, a star 102.
254 ::: Myths and Legends (2007) ::: music ::: Myths and Legends is a music journey composed by David Arkenstone, a three -time Grammy Award candidate. What was presented was nine video accompaniment to the song taking the audience to the other edge from the end of imagination. Among them, there is a song by Sherazard, which tells the story of a newlywed queen that her king has to woven her story to love her. Eldorado, an ocean that carries the audience to the lost city of the ancient gods under the sea, gives a gold city that has lost the first -person Spanish treasure hunter. Wolfshead is a musical adventure in the Sharwood Forest, and the ISIS temple leads to archeologists through light and magic journey.
255 ::: Justin Timberlake: Suited Up (2013) ::: music ::: He was one of the most successful recording artists in the 21st century. From Mickey Mouse Club to NCNC, Justin Timberlake became an international superstar as a solo artist. Until winning the Lifetime Achievement Award at the 2013 VMA Awards, he had a lot of high -ranking and very high profession since he was split with Britney. There is no doubt that Justin Timberlake is the best superstar of his generation. Throughout this documentary you will find his wonderful career and in -personal life in and outs, including interviews with The Man himself and Show Biz professionals. This is a really great story of the iconic superstar .... Justin Timberlake.
256 ::: Stryper: Live in Indonesia at Java Rockin' Land (2012) ::: music ::: The Multi-Platinum-Heavy-Metal band Stryper Live at the Java Rockin 'Land Festival in Indonesia. In front of an enthusiastic crowd in 2010, this is the final stryper DVD. Live in Indonesia celebrates almost 30 years of incredible melodies and musicians and offers hits and rarities that are delivered in perfect sound and video.
257 ::: Umphrey's McGee: Live at Boulder Theater (2013) ::: music ::: In the Uphey traditions, the team followed the red reporting system that indicates the movie movie shows. With strength that fills the house before the first note, the crowd is famous and they are treating them. People left nothing at the table, which was released a list of unexpected Colorado for many years. His stone and comfort of your home and HD. Hold on a firm. Angry enough for relaxation. Reboot.
258 ::: LARocks TV (2014) ::: music ::: In every part, the red beard scores the scene of South California music only to find the top and future rock actions of the heat. Then he invites them to invite a personal invitation in Hollywood Studio in the north of the city. Then make the stroke spectators, and from the internal industry, and some specified band fans beginning. Red always invites some of his stones for a trip. After performing the head Baghs, interviewed with the red beard of his rock star guests that are coming at the Studio Band. One thing you sure it's a good time. Let's do this of L.A. Get with music lovers with music!
259 ::: Fela in Concert (1981) ::: music ::: Nigeria's bright charismatic superstar was the best to this historic krount written in Paris. Afela's Afro-sprayed music inspires the traditional African African music, afro-bright music. Many of his instruments are punished by exotic tribal dances made in 15 of its 15 wives.
260 ::: "Lightmusic" (1983) ::: music ::: Singer/songwriter Richard Rossi plays two original songs on his "New Wine" album, and Tom Green interviews him about "Matthew's Party."
261 ::: Punk Rock Karaoke Vol. 1 (2006) ::: music ::: 10 Great Guard Rock Classes off crocoded video style ... by pulling the gunk rock doubt. 2 versions / videos from each song, one with guests of guests, and the other has no voices for your crooki taste. Included by no live activity by no bond Halschon (NOFFEN) with no more) with the viewers about the leading sounds.
262 ::: Randy Bachman's Vinyl Tap: Every Song Tells a Story (2014) ::: music ::: Filmed in Winnipeg, the city that inspired many of its anthemic songs, Randy Bachman interweaves the hits on the Guess Who and Bachman-Turner overdrive with the often humorous stories that brought songs to life. Inspired by his award -winning radio program, Vinyl Tap, Randy uses his master of storytelling and voluminous musical knowledge to bring his fans to a retrospective journey of his career. A visual background illustrating the legendary rock path N 'Rock accompanies every song, giving viewers a historic performance in one of Canada's greatest musical ambassadors. The man often called "Architect of Roll N 'Roll" Canadian "has won over 120 Awards Abum and Platinum Album/Singles all over the world. His writing of songs has won the coveted place #1 on Radio Lists in over 20 places and he has accumulated over 40 million records sold. Also appearing with Randy is Brent Howard's sovereign trio, Marc Lafrance and Mick Dalla, who have performed together for over 20 years. Tour Vinyl Tap Randy Bachman: Songdo song tells a DVD story is a trip led during the last 30 years of folk music presented by one of the greatest rock legends of our time.
263 ::: David Gilmour: Live in Gdansk (2008) ::: music ::: On August 26, 2006, the sounds of the legendary artist David Gilmour filled the air at the shipyard in Gdansk, Poland, where 50,000 acclaim fans joined the commemoration of events that changed the world to the shipyard where The striking workers were credited with one of the first organized efforts which finally led to the collapse of communism in Eastern Europe. Gilmour and his group of six pieces are accompanied for the only time on their "On An Island Tour" by an orchestra: the 40 string section of the Polish Philharmonic Baltic, led by Zbigniew Preisner. This is the first live recording with an "High Hopes" orchestra by Pink Floyd and "A Great Day for Freedom". The two -hour concert, produced by Gavin Elder, depicts the drama of Gdansk, against the urban landscape of the shipyard and the horizon line filled with crane. Suspended above the stages, hanging on two giant cranes, are six, 16-ton screens, each on a member of the group and lit in a color kaleidoscope and lasers by Lightmeister Marc Brickman.
264 ::: Cavalleria Rusticana/I pagliacci (2011) ::: music ::: Pitrio Maskey: Kavaliler Together with the Italian opera "Rustika" in Italy with Slight Inonciero Leoncavallo with Italian opera-jeansusus: I Pagliaci Opera on 2 act. However, Lola could not forget the Turidodu and he will start. According to Jealousy, Santauza Lola's husband is about Alfio, Alfio, Alfio, Alfio, and Alfio to oppose duel. The mother of Trudza will say goodbye and refuse to duel and his death. I was in love with Silvio to fall in love with Silvio, a woman's wife, a young villager's wife, a traveler Show-Canio wife, a traveler Show-Kano. By knowing about his wife's betrayal, we are ready to play Canio, "I have to play my hard tears and clown." During the performance, Neda is using the role of misleading, but Canio is unconscious, it cannot be able to distinguish the game from the truth and turn away from his wife.
265 ::: "Dhoom Machale" (2005) ::: music ::: Bollywood is a blooper on this show. The show includes the voice of the viewers on casual topics, but usually birthdays, anniversary, special holidays, etc. Interesting viewer hosts comments on emails. Videos of the current and past Bollywood videos are played throughout the show.
266 ::: Rebel Invazion (2013) ::: music ::: "Rebel Trust" looks at repologs and city models of Cleveland's back, but talented world. The World Star Hop-Hop Hop Hop has a jerky girl and a vertical pocket girl, people even getting older tsunami, as well as sex skates of J.O. The film is full of various performances, including grams and American music prize, bones of bones - n-harmonia.
267 ::: Bruce Springsteen with the Sessions Band: Live in Dublin (2007) ::: music ::: Bruce Springsteen with Sessions Live In Dubin 'features 23 songs derived from the band's shows in Dublin, Ireland at the point on 17, 18, 19 and 196, 2006. Favorite songs include "Seeger Sessions", and radical interpretations of Springsteen Songbook and Rare Songs for the first time on any version of Springsteen. DVD picks up the band during the conclusion of its multi -surface tour 2006.
268 ::: Sarah Brightman: Harem - A Desert Fantasy (2004) ::: music ::: Sarah Braitman's songs are alive in this series of music films, woven with the artist's own interviews. This special feature is filmed in many strange locals, including Egypt and Morocco, and revives Sara's desert fantasy before your eyes.
269 ::: "Cruzin TV" (2004) ::: music ::: "CRUZIN TV" is a show that explores the culture and music of car show lovers. From low rider to dubs and euro cars, each show captures urban culture and lifestyle. The show is shot at studios, car shows, street festivals, concerts, etc. Segments include interviews with celebrities, recorded artists, music videos, attention cars, contests, etc.
270 ::: "JENNi20 Countdown" (2012) ::: music ::: Created and presented by the veteran broadcaster/15 -year -old actress Jennifer Smart, this two -hour music video account program is filmed in a different place every week. Fans determine which videos reach the top of the countdown, voting every week on the Jenni20 Countdown website.
271 ::: 15th Annual Los Angeles Music Awards (2006) ::: music ::: This is the first time in the 15 -year history of the LA music awards that this show was filmed for a television edition. The past winners were peas with black eyes, no doubt, a sugar beam and many, many more. This show is awarded the indie ethkets, performers and performers who play in some of the largest groups such as former winners, Slash from Guns N Roses.
272 ::: "Vidalexus Presents: Reengineering Popular Music with Raquel Sofía" (2016) ::: music ::: Vidalexus RPM is the first web system that takes the audience and check the latin music moves their sounds from the help of Latin Pobí. This process is running as it goes to four cities - Miami, New York, Chicago, and Los Angeles - To learn traditional colors in each area. As it goes, it is delivered to the city players to reblog to re-communicate each other in combination with each other. In his trip, spread some of the best and players, including: Mazi Pauer; DJ see spam from all spam stars; Tony Sturfio from Aprobet; Tests from Lozano's kinky; In Marcelo Tigerina's Mexico Dubwirese.
273 ::: Fairport Convention: Folk Heroes (2017) ::: music ::: Fairport Convention: Folk Heroes tell the story of how in the late 1960s a group of North London musicians shook traditional English folk music to their roots, mergeing it with rock - simultaneously resenting the purists and rejoicing a new and dedicated audience S Through recently filmed interviews with the group, including Richard Thompson, Fairport Convention: Folk Heroes reveals how the group survived the tragedy when their drummer was killed in a car accident early in their career, followed by the tragic death of the vocalist Sandy Den Changes in the composition to rediscover themselves by discovering and recruiting some of the best virtuosos in the country.
274 ::: Let Me Be Your Band (2003) ::: music ::: See what Wows Bowie, Tunes in Beck and inspires the cramps. It is a heartbreaking dive of a winding West-Virginian highway that leads to the infamous one-man-Rockabilly-Wild-Man, Hasil Adkins. Van Bob Log III, the former bus driver who became Delta Blues-Band drunk by Punk, to Wasboard Hank who performed on his Kitchen-Sink Tuba, all documented One-Man bands are undoubtedly the best in what they do, for the simple reason That they are the only ones who can do what they do! The self-built 5-piece Blue Grass Band by Eric Royer is far away from his early days of playing punk music with Rob Zombie ... or right? Hear the forbidden rhythms of the lonely organist, mayor Mc Ca, and the mysterious asthmatic Avenger. Be a witness to the world's only one-man-one-wife band and are blown away by the King Louie Hurricane of Sound.
275 ::: Gypsy: Live from the Wildey Theatre (2017) ::: music ::: The St. Louis area has long been considered by fans and band members as Gypsy's home away from home. O 11 April 2015 Gypsy returned to the historic Wildey Theater in nearby Edwardsville, IL to play two sold -out exciting shows. Here presented in 16: 9 image quality and sound is a rarely recorded evening of one of the largest original Jambanden, who plays their hearts in one of their best material. Layered vocal harmonies, virtuoso instrumentation and a murderous horn section shine on classics such as "Dead and Gone", "Blind Man", "Gypsy Queen Pt. 1", "Tomorrow is the last to be heard" and much more.
276 ::: The Pogues: Poguevision (2006) ::: music ::: Thirteen samples of the unique brand of Pogues from Hellraising Folk, including Punky, offers traditional Irish songs such as "Old Dirty Old" to The Shana Macgowan to original versions that bring romantic views of life through the bottom The bottle is observed, offers.
277 ::: Korn: The Path Of Totality, Live At The Hollywood Palladium (2012) ::: music ::: To celebrate the release of the 10th studio album "The Path of Total", the legendary locker was a famous Hollywood palladium, live on the crowded crowd. In this album, I changed Rock Landscape again. In an exhibition that contrary to the genre of electronic and dubstep music, metal of innovative brands has been created. This performance introduces the band in the top form and emphasizes innovative songs such as "Lee Away from Me" and new smash hits such as "Get Up!" "Narcissistic people eating." Participated in the stage were Skrillex, 12th Planet, FLINCH, downlinks, resections, Datsik, Kill the Noise, etc. This was captured by 3D in a once -in -a -lifetime concert, and KORN fans were recorded in 5.1 surround sounds to enjoy the next year!
278 ::: Jamaican Gold (2008) ::: music ::: The most long -running Regge Club in Jamaica Gold California. Recording this wonderful film, which was recorded from July 2006 to Summer 2007, includes Reggay and Dancehall Superstars Binee Man, Elephant Man, Damian Marley, Cham, Lady Sa, Luciano, Spragga Benz, Junior Reed, Richie Spice and Mad Cobra. Witness artists as never before in the myth Jamaican Gold Club
279 ::: Fall Out Boy: The Young Blood Chronicles (2014) ::: music ::: The Young Blood Chronicles is a complication of music videos for all the songs on the Fall Out Boy's album Post Hiatus "Save Rock and Roll". Patrick Stump, Pete Wentz, Andy Hurley and Joe Trohman are fighting for Save Rock and Roll by Courtney Law, which is a cult of "silent music." Falling a boy like the "defenders of faith." Big Sean like Herald. 2 Chainz as a "solution problem". Foxes like "death of death." Tommy Lee as the "Prince of Darkness". Courtney Love like "Head B **** Responds". Elton John as "God". The songs include ... "The Phoenix" "Young Volcanoes" "Anoge awing" "My songs know what you did in the dark (bright)" "The mighty fall" "Only one yesterday", where did the party go "Death Valley" RAT-A-TAT "" Missing You "" Keep Rock & Roll. "
280 ::: Ariodante (1996) ::: music ::: On January 8, 1735, Georg Friederich Handel presented his new Opera Ariodante on a libretto by Antonio Salvi by Paolo Rolli and inspired by Ariosto on a libretto. The opera did not immediately win the public and therefore did not provide a final solution for the fate of Handel's company, but over time it should be understood and valued and remained among the more successful and interesting titles. The special attention of trade for the expressive aspect was most likely the reason for the limited commercial success of the opera: the characters only partially fit into the usual opera opera of the day. The tendency to formulate autonomous patterns in an expressive genre is also underlined in his memoirs of the life of George Frederick Handel by a famous contemporary, John Mainwaring. The strength of the instrumental composition, which is again intended in Ariodante as support for the votes as independent and with steps in the symphonies and with adorable dance motifs, is also unusual. In this production of the Spoleto Festival, Alan Curtis conducts the Componlesso Barocco and an extraordinarily agile Ann Hallenberg in the title role on his 50th anniversary. Scenes and costumes by John Pascoe. Together with Giulio Cesare and Rodelinda, Ariodante is one of the opera ports of Handel. It was composed for the London Covent Garden Theater, where it was performed for the first time on January 8, 1735. Thanks to the interesting and personal touch of director Alan Pascoe, this production acts as a very credible show. Incidentally, Pasco and Curtis have already achieved remarkable successes with Vivaldi's Ercole Sul Termodonte, published by Dynamic in 2007
281 ::: American Indian Rock Opera 2006 Holiday Tour (2010) ::: music ::: Tour Holiday Tour of 2006 Brule '(Paul Laroche) and Airo (American Indian Rock Opera) DVD contains images from one of the most cut and deepest shows of local America in the tournament to date in USA - "Navity Red . ” "Red Nativity" is an attractive vacation concert that combines contemporary local American music with traditional rhythms and dances, while giving the powerful message of peace, unity and reconciliation of cultures. The powerful Brule's 'music' and Airo, accompanied by the wonderful American dance of America and the fantastic theater, lies only in her beauty, emotion and spiritual message. Displaying 12 musical selections of 4 of the group's founder CDs, as well as as a special feature "behind the scenes".
282 ::: George Michael: The Road to Wembley (2007) ::: music ::: World-renowned artist George Michael introduced 90,000 fans to his cell-out show, Chris Evans Fronts special coverage of the first live music concert of the new Wembley Stadium. The program also contributes to the contributions of celebrity friends and fans, and it counts the moment when the channel live on the first show at the super site.
283 ::: Hot Metal 4 (1991) ::: music ::: The compilation of hard edged Christian music videos containing tampin, liberation, revenge, Angelica and others is now delivered by the useless frontline music group by their serious records label. Artist interviews + backstage videos have made this 60 -minute video interesting.
284 ::: California Jam 2 (1978) ::: music ::: On March 18, 1978, an estimated crowd of 250,000 gathered at the Ontario Motor Speedway to testify of a whole day festival that brings together nine of the most popular acts of Rock Hard at the time. They ranged from hard rockers established such as Aerosmith and Ted Nugent, the Latin Latin sounds of Santana and the following acts in the form of heart, foreign and Rubicon. This special is a condensed sampling of the events that occurred that day and not only shows most of the artists at their peak, but how the crowds were welcomed between acts with skydivers as well as skateboarders performing on half a primitive pipe Most. A huge rock concert with an estimate of 250,000 attendees and including rock artists such as: Aerosmith, Ted Nugent, foreigners, Rubicon, Heart, Santana, Dave Mason & Bob Welch. He was shot live at the event and then broadcast as two ABC-TV specials.
285 ::: Myths and Legends (2007) ::: music ::: Myths and Legends are a three -time musical journey composed by Grammy nominee David Archenstone. The audience is accompanied by nine video to the songs that take from one end of the Ination H. Among them, there are the Song of Sheherazade, which tells the story of how the new couple's queen should love her to love her. Oceanus, transports the audience to the lost city of the oldest gods under the sea, El Dorado gives the Gold City to the first person of the Spanish treasure hunters. Wolfshed follows the music adventure of the shaved forest and the Temple of Isis follows a archaeological scientist by light and magic.
286 ::: In Performance at the White House: Chorus Lines (1988) ::: music ::: Presented on the South Lawn of the White House, organized by President and Mrs. Reagan, this concert was in the PBS series "In Performance At The White House" with Broadway Show series. Included are "sit down, you rock the boat" from "boys and dolls", "if I loved" carousel "," until there was "from" the music man "," nothing like a lady "" South pacific "And the title track of" Oklahoma! "
287 ::: VH-1: Pop Up Video 80's (1999) ::: music ::: This show follows the form of a normal "pop -up video" (a bubble pop -up filled with trivia throughout the music video). It would be very fun to listen to the music of that era and grow up.
288 ::: Wynton Marsalis: Rebuilding the Soul of America (2007) ::: music ::: Business! Sun. See the performance of Wynton and his September to play the windstane Katicina and support the culture of New Orleans equipment, and higher details in HDne.
289 ::: Sound in Motion (2004) ::: music ::: A more in -depth examination of the synthesizer of the music of neurons. In addition to interviews with people like Hans Zimmer and Axel Hartmann, the DVD offers a practical video and six pieces of music from different artists mixed in neurons containing 5.1.
290 ::: "Alchemy" (1998) ::: music ::: Australia's first television program focusing on dance and electronic music. This late -night show is an Australian artist, Australian artist, PNAU, Infusion, B (IFT) EK, Internationals Bjork, The Chemical Brothers, Run DMC, Fatboy Slim, Underworld, CARL COX. Cult immediately after the tube It became a phenomenon. The show was a follow -up of the alchemy of radio programs focusing on the world music of SBS radio and hip -hop, which was established by Frank Roddy, but was more interested in the modern movement of all electronic music, home, techno. , Drum 'N' Ambient Electronica and Bass with true interest in IDM. At one hour of weekly shows, there was an interesting structure hosted in the studio by three VJ/presenter (SBS Radio), Robbie Buck (at that time ABC Radio Triple J), ​​Nicole Fossati (Occasionally ABC). 。 Radio DJ). The show contains an interview with video clips, music charts, and artists, and the "scrapbook" section titled "Scrapbook", which explores a more documentary approach to people with obsession when collecting or producing music. there was. The two special episodes were dedicated to German electronica and British artist Aphex Twin. The show takes an experimental and exploration approach to the format and plays with self -reference (editing is sometimes separated by graphic reading "edit". It is intercuted by the music played by artists and remixed. Many dance floor tracks, which had no video clips yet, had clips generated in the company every week, and interviews were often held in strange or completely stupid places and environments (David Thrussell, Melbourne. I was interviewed by Rodi while swimming in the notorious lap pool of Adelphi Hotel. This interest in the visual aspects of music culture is the first music show in Australia and as a music producer. We have reached the recording company to praise the video clip director.
291 ::: Ena Pá 2000, 20 Years Pedaling on Dung (2005) ::: music ::: On 30 November 2004, the day the Portuguese government collapsed, manual joo Viera and her satirical rock band Ana Pai 2000 (Holi Cow 2000) celebrated their 20th anniversary with a mega concert in Paradise Garage in Lisbon, with special guests like Tony Barakuda Included, raw fish eaters; Sexy Miss Suzi Peterson with her dramatic copy and Phil Mendrix, Portugal's incomparable guitar Gitar Genius.
292 ::: Live in Lyon (2013) ::: music ::: From his preliminary recordings with Roxy Music in the early 1970s, Brian Ferry has taken a place as the most iconic and innovative musicians and songwriters emerging in popular music. Ferry's "Olympia" tour traveled to the world in 2011, in which on July 25, Leon was filmed as part of the Newt de Fourewear Festival at the ancient Roman Amphitheater in France. The show features a 40 -year career track of ferry, including classic Roxy Music songs, solo hits and other author's contents, including its famous interpretation of the ferry, which is a unique way of Brian Ferry.
293 ::: "Bosca Ceoil" (2014) ::: music ::: A new Irish music series based on high energy and live performance with multiple stages, enthusiastic viewers, and a dynamic new presenter Pauline Scanlon (group Lumiere singer). This is a traditional Ireland and modern, which was aired in an innovative, energetic and very visual method, including the largest names of the merchant world, such as Sharon Shannon, Darvish, Dan, Kara Diron, and Frankie. It is a LECT combination of singers, dancers, and musical instrument players. Along with Gavin & de Dannan, Fidil, FLOOK, BEOGA, Bottons & Bows, Light and Lumiere, it is lined up with new acts such as We Banjo 3, Morga, The Bonny Men, Reel in.
294 ::: The Mountains of Madness (2006) ::: music ::: The peaks are going to mountaineering? Musical travel through the world of H.P. Through pictures of picchiotto, tiger lill's music and hackers and speakers of hackers and sweets mentioned by pictures of darling.
295 ::: Battle of the Bands (1984) ::: music ::: Sugar Ray Five ~ Bands of the Bands Finalist/Winner 1984 - Six finalists sponsored by Sugar Ray Five TDK were six finalists of the 1984 battle and one of the last winners of the 1984 Battle. The competition was held across Britain in which more than 1700 bands were initially recorded. Various nationwide elimination heat was organized, in which Sugar Ray Five won each heat outright and was finally a lump sum winner in the Grand Final, who was a ability to a crowd in London, in the world famous Hammarsmith Odone (now Hammarsith Apollo) Was held and covered and covered. BBC. Sugar Ray Five completely eliminated the opposition at night and abolished a full maximum of 147 of 150 points available from judges. Performing only the original material, the self-paid 7 "single 'Legend' Lazy Hour '' with 'March' was released in the British chart the next year, which received airplay on principal radio and TV, but the boom by the industry Great Heights, as a true force given from the ecstasy, are believed to have dissolved in the eighties music scene after less than a year.
296 ::: Cosmic Psychos: Blokes You Can Trust (2013) ::: music ::: For 30 years, Cosmic Psychose has blown a mark of empty beer cans and ear drums worldwide with their quintage Australian draw and punk rock songs. With the founding member Ross Night, he took inspiration from a bulldozer, he ran on a family farm in the country Victoria, the band created a unique sound and image that resonated with punk rock fans everywhere. Iconic label super pop! Pearl Jam, Mudhony and Melvvin's choice fell into the 'Seattle' scene of the late 80s, when the band released his second album. The success of the mainstream of its grunge counterparts never found, the band managed to travel heavy in USA and Europe for a large and dedicated fan base. Cosmic psycho was notorious for his ability to drink drought, earning him a reputation that echoed as a warning - "never 'never drinks with psychos". But it was not all shits and gigls. A heavy decline with drummer and founding member Bill Walsh resulted in a line-up change and a bitter dedication to its new album with the song 'Kill Bill'. They have been ripped by several record labels, and the tragedy of the passage of guitarist Robbie Vats in 2006 is dealt with. But the band continues through all its adverseness to remain strong with Dean Muller on Drum and John Mad McCaka. 'Mackering from Onya, who takes care of guitar duties. Cosmic Psycho: Blocks you can believe that bands color history, as well as esoteric and entertaining founding members Ross Night, to follow the person riding a bulldozer. Farmers, father, weightlifter and frontman. His story alone, and an unpredictable rock and a unique picture of revered rock and rolls from his point of view.
297 ::: "Sounds of the Eighties" (1996) ::: music ::: The 80's Sound -Episode 5 Pop Mercanto and Indie's stubborn man dominate this troll through the old gray whistle test and his young, more colorful brothers in the 1980s. The TearDrop Explodes, Orange Juice, Robert Wyatt, Aztec Camera, Billy Bragg, The Fall, The Pogues, Robyn Hitchcock, The Fore-Smiling Stele Council Is featured.
298 ::: "Mantovani" (1959) ::: music ::: The 39 episodes of this syndicate show were produced in 1958 and 1959 and were released in January 1959. The show played old musical favorites to Mantovani and her 46-part orchestra.
299 ::: "Mario's Magic Mixtape" (2017) ::: music ::: Mario's Magic Mick Stape is Guru's latest music interactive DJ experience. One -hour music focused on a mix of a mix that I couldn't imagine because it was magic. Live broadcast from 8:00 pm to 9:00 pm on Friday night. Regular special guests' joint hosts are widely introduced by R & B's historian Tyrone Dubose in the "UNSUNG" series.
300 ::: Red Apples Falling (2009) ::: music ::: Uncensored to the life and music of Rap Harlem, Jim Jones and Biardeg. Matrix, Sandman, NOE, Diplomat Records Freeky Zeky and Chinak Santana maker make up the most dangerous assembly of talent and muscles to emerge from NY streets for decades. Their real -life stories, discovered in tough interviews by Anej Martinez, woven the big and large realism between music music. This mixed media collage is a fascinating next installment of Ethan Higi and Adam Bahla Louf filmmakers.
301 ::: Guitar Artistry of Eric Bibb (2011) ::: music ::: The music is looking at this track, life, the Guitarist Eric Bibb, the player of the fear of his father, Le Bibb when was 16 years old.
302 ::: "Mantovani" (1959) ::: music ::: 39 episodes of this unionized show were produced in 1958 and 1959 and released in January 1959. The show featured Mantovani and its orchestra of 46 pieces playing old musical favorites.
303 ::: Relaxing Music with Forest Sounds (2017) ::: music ::: Relaxing music with forest sounds for meditation, relaxation, sleep. Some of the most relaxing music with the sounds of the forest-singing birds, birds, insects. Great to use as a background for reading, learning, meditation, yoga, relaxation, study, work, travel, Tai Chi, Reiki or just to enjoy your day.
304 ::: "The Starland Vocal Band Show" (1977) ::: music ::: Summer Replacement Comedy/Variety Show, which Washington DC-based folk-rock group (Bill and Taffy Danoff, John Carol, and Margot Chapman), One-Hit Wonders ("Lonie Khusis," A number-one last Bar hit year) Who started as John Denver's backup group. The comedy was mainly provided by experienced DC-based satirical Mark Russell and David Letterman, who received their first national performance with the event.
305 ::: Santana: Santana IV - Live at the House of Blues, Las Vegas (2016) ::: music ::: On March 21, 2016, a few weeks before the release of the Santana IV album, this classic Santana line came on stage at the House of Blues in Las Vegas. This was an immensely anticipated reunion of a line-up that had not gone and registered together since the early 1970s. He brought back the scintillant combination of rock, Latin, blues, jazz and African rhythms that was the band trademark and made them truly unique.
306 ::: Tedeschi Trucks Band: Live from the Fox Oakland (2017) ::: music ::: A Concert movie about the 2016 show of Tedescitrack band, which won the Grammy Awards held at Historick Fox Theater in Auckland, California. The movie features the live performance of the band's original material and the covers of the Beatles, Leonard Cohen, Bob Dylan, Derek and Domino. This movie is scattered from the backstage video and the band leader, the Delectrack, Susan Tedeski (the comedian/podcaster Mark Maron and the music critic David Frickke). You can get a glimpse of your life on the road with a peace ensemble.
307 ::: The Mountains of Madness (2006) ::: music ::: Is the peak worth climbing? H.P.'s world music travel love craft climbs the story of Love Craft through Pickiott's illustrations, Tiger Relige's music, hack soundscape and narration.
308 ::: Body Remix/Goldberg Variations (2008) ::: music ::: In this new work by Marie Chouinard, the ten dancers of the company carry out variations to exercise freedom. The dancers often appear on points: on one, two and even four at the same time. In a spectroscopy of the gesture, we also see how to use different devices - crutches, rope, prostheses, horizontal beams and straps - that sometimes free their movements, they celebrated them and others still create others.
309 ::: Kids Incorporated: The Beginning (1984) ::: music ::: After hearing auditions for a new band in the Maltwinkel, Gloria decides to dump her piano practice to participate. She is confronted with fierce competition from local favorites, children admitted, but they all decide that working together will give them the lead they need. In the meantime, a new child looks in the city, only known as 'The Kid', and wishes that he was not too shy to audition for the band.
310 ::: Directions (2006) ::: music ::: Manhattan's marching band -a man sits in an isolated room, breathes into a paper bag, and wears a bag on his head. The room looks like a beach gradually. He is lying on the beach next to a woman with a bag on her head. After that, he wakes up in the room, opens the door, and sees the woman sitting on the beach with him. The soul meets a body home video that cannot be expressed. Summer skin -children work in the office outside, not to go to the playground. They mourn their losing time and seem to be suffering from depression. One child removes the starfish from his briefcase and escapes. Other children follow him. Name of the same thing -junior high school bands play different names for the same thing. Some seem tired, while others are very excited. I will chase you to the darkness -a series of sketches with loosely unified bunny, old and children are shown in the notebook on the table. Your heart is an empty room -boy (perhaps) in his girlfriend apartment. She has a guest and is angry that he did not interact with them. The boy goes home and plays video games. The next morning, he goes to a garage sale and finds a finger doll similar to a video game character (Triceratops and Robot). He buys them, dreaming of having fun with their girlfriends with these fingers. After that, the boy asks his girlfriend to look at the clouds with him. When he looked up, she was gone. So he leaves the finger doll at the gateway, goes home and plays a video game. Someday you will be loved -Clay's heart will withstand terrible suffering and eventually bloom in beautiful flowers. CROOKED TEETH-Three band members (pirate bassists, robot guitarists/singers, dragon drummers) played songs and talked about their personal history. The pirates traveled for a very long time and found treasures just to realize that there were no treasures. The dragon fought violently for the princess just to realize that she was a cutout of cardboard. The robot flew in space just to be shot before reaching the destination. All characters share bonds, knowing what Sarah knows, "I can't find anything." A woman in the toilet wears her makeup and writes "IL M'AIME" in the mirror. She goes to the apartment and writes in her hands, "Un Peu?" The man does nothing accordingly. She takes a brush and wrote "Beaucoup!" Large letters on the wall. Still, the man does nothing. She drops the paint on the bed. She reveals that "passion" is tattooed on her arm. He doesn't do anything yet, and she pleads to him. A man simply beats cigarettes. The woman takes an accurate knife and carved "ŕ La Folie" on her feet. The man is tired. The woman returns to the bathroom, writes "Pass Dutout", wipes it, and writes "IL M'AIME" stable song again. They go downstairs and find their delightful sugar serial. Then the sister teaches her brothers geography. Sisters and siblings fix the air filter. My sister tends to have a garden trend, and she thinks of her parents who seem to be unable to remember their faces. She begins to throw dirt because her brother is crushing all the white walls with the crayon. After that, the children embrace the TV. My sister thinks about her parents and remember them. JE is riding with me -the couple is looking at the sunrise and the moon. After that, all couples go outside and see a complete solar eclipse. Speak like a turn -style -a man who is trying to record the only live performance on the stage, like a turn -style story, and record the only live performance chased by security.
311 ::: Joe Longthorne: Sings to the Gods (2008) ::: music ::: On September 12, 2008, Joe held a lifetime performance at The Enfasthiator of Caurion, Cyprus, Mediterranean island. With his promise to give Joe deities a concert to the gods of dramatic 2500 years of ancient ruins. On the 2 -hour show he made the audience a shiny show of international impressions and songs from his latest album.
312 ::: "Tr3s Top 20" (2007) ::: music ::: Along with entertainment news, where can I get 20 music videos? Don't be different from Top 20! We have a two-hour show of TR3S that counts the hottest musical images.
313 ::: Northern Circle: The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band Plays Alaska (1990) ::: music ::: The venerable artists with winners and CMA award winners travel to Alaska with their families and sing on the 49th state. In addition, glaciers, grizzly bears, salmon fishing and everything Alaska has to offer to the traveler has.
314 ::: The Pogues: Poguevision (2006) ::: music ::: Thirteen examples of the Pogues Unique brand of Helraising Folk, ranging from Punky records traditional Irish songs as 'Dirty Old Town' to the Shane Macgowan written originals who offered romanticized visions of life that were viewed by the bottom of a bottle.
315 ::: We Outta La Croix (2016) ::: music ::: Song lyrics: We Outta la Croix, we Outta la Croix. We La Croix Man, we La Croix. I have just finished snoring/office, tomorrow/the boss has coffee, that pours/but that's boring, I hit the fridge to slaughter/sparkling water/but forget to reorganize some *#$ Lohe. We La Croix, we La Croix. We La Croix Man, we La Croix. Someone, please pause this office? What did you say? We La Croix, we La Croix. We La Croix Man, we La Croix. - (c) 2016 by Zach Selwyn
316 ::: Disco Delirio (1979) ::: music ::: Milano, 1978. On Saturday evening, fever was exploded. So every Saturday also in Milano a couple of young people to meet in the disco. Among them soon explodes love and passion between a dance competition and another. Boys and girls are starting to become each other from each other. But competition soon share the groups. The main character couple will finally fall in love and will also become the leader in dancing.
317 ::: Rebel Invazion (2013) ::: music ::: "Rebel Invazion" offers a look at the rebellious but talented world of the rap artist and urban models based in Cleveland. This is followed by the antics of the world star hip-hop vixen and the straightforward, faulty covergirls Beautiful The Beast, the nationally presented rap artist Mall Tsunami and the sexual escapades by J.O. The film is full of appearances, including Grammy & American Music Award winner Rapper Bone Thugs-N-Harmony.
318 ::: Chris Barber: As We Like It (2008) ::: music ::: As we like, Chris Barber offers jazz and blouse only one night in a unique show, lived by a studio invited in the classic stage T, the Sheppperton Movie Studios. This classic is Chris Barber, an absolute symbol in the world of jazz, along with its full eleven pieces that runs impact songs such as Petite Fleur, numbers of the 2007 critics album of Could Now Now, plus a large number of contents These such as Miles Davis, Duke Elington, Sony Terry and Brownie Mac Gay and the Duras brothers in the Blues Matters magazine, which described as "a great performance". With the presence of the large group of Chris Barber and a special guest by Andy Fairweather-Low in "Man Man Blues", "will bring my load down" and "Will the circle be inevitable".
319 ::: Chantal Kreviazuk in This Life (2012) ::: music ::: A Special Carrozok in Concert showing the music and story for a vision and story for sight shows the music and story for a vision to see music and story for a vision Shows a look at the vision of visual views and career for a vision and profession. Explaining living programs, the number of candidates 'interviews, candidates' interviews and Fuj.
320 ::: East End to the West End: Cockney Rejects Live at the Mean Fiddler (2008) ::: music ::: See the icons of the East End, the cockney rejects the cannon in the West End and gives "OI OI OI" to collect a crowd for a glorious night in the 2007 hot summer. See how the legends of the punk road Ozzy Osborne called "Men after my heart" raise the roof and blow the crowd away. Head down and keep tight. The boys are back in the city. "The sound of refusal is the hum of human energy"-Morrissey.
321 ::: Wineskin, Live at Puck: Doylestown, PA (2009) ::: music ::: Wineskin's Sold Out, The Great American Album, CD Release Show on Puck on June 7, 2008 is finally here. Based on the lowlands of the Bucks circuit, Wineskin is an ever -developing musical machine. The band is a four -piece, and often larger than the sum of its parts. Proudly shaking the rock-n-roll flag, they create songs from the unique fabric from which it comes. They deconstruct the American musical landscape and attract the rich heritage and genres. From the slower ballads of the country to Rock Rock songs. They can play a sensitive melody of Ragimet and in the next minute sound like a space ship moving over your home.
322 ::: "Guitar Center Sessions" (2010) ::: music ::: 'Peter Gabriel' (QV) plays "Here Comes The Flood" and "Father, Son" at the piano and talks about his new Song Exchange project, his real world studios, his inspiration for the elderly and what it means to have a To be global, and takes questions from the public about his songwriting.
323 ::: "Sounds of the Eighties" (1996) ::: music ::: The 80's Sound -Episode 5 Pop Mercanto and Indie's stubborn man dominate this troll through the old gray whistle test and his young, more colorful brothers in the 1980s. The TearDrop Explodes, Orange Juice, Robert Wyatt, Aztec Camera, Billy Bragg, The Fall, The Pogues, Robyn Hitchcock, The Fore-Smiling Stele Council Is featured.
324 ::: "Victor Allen's Local Zone" (2010) ::: music ::: The R&B Soul Song Stylist from the Grammy Award and the Stephanie Mills musical theater icon perform their successes in the Baldwin Hills Crenshaw Plaza Summer Concert series. Thelz's video (local zone) recorded the hand computer with canon HG10 hdd @ 150 feet. Recorded on August 10, 2011.
325 ::: "Les clefs de l'orchestre de Jean-François Zygel" (2007) ::: music ::: New DVD system puts on Jeanmonic of Jean-Frenchçosis Zygel radio phil Hearmmonique radiism. A French TV Require of Young Lersntein Bantisode is young: BoLoven, Haydn 'Comhovale Symphony, Dvorak New World Symphony.
326 ::: Thank God for Chris Penn (????) ::: music ::: Chris Pan (relevant to the late actor of the same name, or Sean Penn), a co -owner of Dallas Texas's good record, to get Dennis Donoy, the main musician of Alice Cooper, goes to a very good length to sign the book. From a number of good and many efforts by phone and email, the signature of the book is expanded, which includes a performance by billions of dollars, consisting of the main members of the Alice Cooper's main group without a celebrity singer. Chris is preparing to re -perform his favorite group without any promise and guarantee of Alice Cooper. On the night of the event, good records are packaged with many fans of Alice Cooper, some have to watch out of Windows. This excitement is increased by predicting the possible entry of rock rock origin. Documentary and Concert Movie, this film includes Legendary Night performances on Good Records.
327 ::: P!nk - I'm Not Dead: Bonus DVD (2007) ::: music ::: Bonus DVD containing four video clips ('stupid girls',' who knew ',' u + ur Dora 'and' No one knows'), two live video ('Dear Mr. President' and 'Leave with alone ') and two' making video ... 'mini documentaries (' stupid girls' and 'u + ur Hand').
328 ::: "VH1 Top 20 Video Countdown" (1994) ::: music ::: Bradford How and Rachel Perry co-hosted music videos leading to the biggest music video of the week. In addition, there is a reference to the money of Canadian tire, which is enjoyed by Brad especially, but the currency is not as ubiquitous in Canada.
329 ::: The 18th Annual Grammy Awards (1976) ::: music ::: The National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences introduces the 18th Grammy Awards ceremony. Awards to Songof THE YEAR, Record of the Year, Album of the Year, Best New Artist, and The Best in Pop, Rock, Soul, and Country. , Fork, etc.
330 ::: In the Hank Williams Tradition (2009) ::: music ::: Hank Williams is the undisputed "King of Country Music". Singer ... Composer ... Legend ... Hank Williams began a tradition that is still followed today. This program draws the incredible Hank Williams life story through rare films clips and revealing interviews with their friends and colleagues such as Roy Aqueff, Minnie Pearl and Chet Atkins. Actions of many of Hank's best songs are included in today's Hank artists today who also tell how Hank Williams inspired his career. Without a doubt, there was never, or there will never be, another star of the country of magnitude and influence like Hank Williams. With Hank Williams, Jr., Willie Nelson, Randy Travis, Waylon Jennings, Kris Kristafferson, Emmylou Harris, Ricky Skaggs, Dwight Yoakum and many others!
331 ::: Straw Donkey: The Videos (1995) ::: music ::: The Carter Compatibility Sports. Including 'rubbish', 'every time, every time,' he was born and November ',' depends that I couldn't go up '.
332 ::: "GidtedLive" (2012) ::: music ::: Without leaving your home, get closer to the bands you love. Giftedliv is bringing you closer to the bands you love, without leaving your home comfort. It is a new 'online music show' that is set in a format similar to a TV show, which is lived and directed from Stunning Wenue: The Belfast Empire Music Hall and Monroe Live, Gaulway.
333 ::: A Brulé Christmas (2012) ::: music ::: "Brulé Christmas" is a captivating vacation concert that combines contemporary American native music with traditional rhythms and dance, while delivering the convincing message of peace, unity and reconciliation of cultures. The moving music of Brule 'combined with an American native dance and an impressive theatricality, is alone in its beauty, emotion and spiritual message. Filmed in the beautiful RFD-TV The Theater in Branson, MO, this live performance captures the true essence of Brule's mission 'and explores the common terrain between cultures. This concert presents 15 songs from the Brule catalog of the award -winning contemporary American music.
334 ::: Tony Bennett & Lady Gaga: Cheek to Cheek Live! (2014) ::: music ::: It was filmed in front of a direct audience in New York City earlier in 2014, Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga performs 60 minutes of jazz standards, including this does not mean anything, a sophisticated lady, let's face music and dance, anything that goes to the cheek. To the cheek. Backed by a 39 -piece orchestra, this enchanting show, directed to art and illuminated by the theater genius Robert Wilson, marries the acoustic talent of the legendary transformer with the world pop star. The result is the treatment of nostalgia with a modern development.
335 ::: Norma (2007) ::: music ::: Belini, unlike many of her colleagues - Donizatty - did not need to bear the disappointment and difficulties of getting up from the rank. In 1826, his Bianka E Garnendo was well received in Naples's Titro San Carlo, and a year later, at the age of twenty -six, the musician won with Il Pirta in La Skala, Milan. Norma is not only the high point of Belini's artistic perbola, but also the best of Italian Belkento. The current DVD was filmed at the Sferisterio Opera Festival of Merrata in August 2007, in the title role, the famous Greek Soprano Dimitra Theodosiau, one of the best interpreters of today.
336 ::: The Cranberries: Beneath the Skin - Live in Paris (2001) ::: music ::: Under the skin - Live in Paris is a concert video of the Irish rock group The Cranberries of their tour "Bury the Hatchet". Registered on December 9, 1999 at the Palais Omnisports de Paris-Bercy on the group's judgment in Paris, in France, it was released on DVD in January 2001. The DVD includes groups from the group and technicians, promotional videos for the singles From Bury the Hatchet ("Promise", "Animal Instinct" and "Just my imagination") and live performance from "How" (1993), "yesterday's Gone" (MTV Unplugged, 1995), "Hollywood" (1996) and "Saving Grace" (1999). The DVD presents the concert in Dolby Digital Stereo and Dolby Digital DTS 5.1 Audio Formats.
337 ::: "City Vibe" (2005) ::: music ::: CITY VIBE has a wide explosion of L.A.'s music scene. Hit more local shows and follow more local bands with the city vibe's dedicated music enthusiasts. Listen to hints and horror stories from up -and -coming bands, DJs, underground, and mainstream musicians. CITY VIBE is useful for invading the music industry. Get many genuine transactions from venue owners, top talent agents, managers, record labels, executive, and public relations officers. Strap on a VIP wristband and L.A.'s monumental music scene.
338 ::: My Music: Doo Wop Discoveries (2012) ::: music ::: Music: Doo Wop Discoveries restores the pivotal R&B collections and pop audio collections in the late fifties and sixties through the archive that is unprecedented in broadcasting and new live shows for their most beloved songs. Pop icons Smoki Robinson, Mike Stoller (from the Lieber & Stoller), Aaron Neville, Nile Sidaka, George Clinton, and more participation in DO's favorite styles and Doo songs. John Bouzer Bowman, who was previously in Sha Na, includes the interviews and appearances written by DJ Brusse, Don K. Red, Bobby Jae, Jerry Blavat, Harvey Holiday, Art Labo, TJ Le Pinsky.
339 ::: Town Bizzness Pt 2 (2014) ::: music ::: Dundeal Entertainment (DDE) is a mere necessity, MacC Dundee thinker and a team of close colleagues working to create an independent entertainment plant. DDE, traveling between California, Las Vegas, Midost and Atlanta, established communications throughout the American entertainment capitals to provide a network of support when building its own brand. With the launch of projects, DDE presented various aspects of independent grinding to provide tactics, principles, and methods needed to achieve growth in an industry demanding a wide audience. The Town Bizzness series compiles and shows the most important daily crowded elements so that the ordinary person is easily equipped with the basic tools needed to achieve their dream.
340 ::: Viva Vivaldi! (2000) ::: music ::: The spectacular mezzo-soprano Cecilia Bartoli binds to the harmonium as a whole Il Giardino in a baroque music program by composer Antonio Vivaldi, "The Red Priest." The concert covers Arias and instrumental pieces of the Judithha Trumphans oratory and the operas L'Olimpiade, Tito Manlio, Otona in Villa, La Fida Ninfa, Bajazet (Il Tamerlano) and a chilling and passionate performance of Farnace. The set performs a larger C concert for flutin (affectionately known as Penny Whistle) and concert in D Major for Lute. The predominant portion of the music was unknown and was especially transcribed from the original Vivaldi manuscripts by the musicologist Claudio Osele. The International RM Associate filming team is led by veteran opera director Brian Large and produced by classical producer Colin Wilson. The music event was presented at the excellent Deco Deco Théatre des Champs-Eysées, Paris in September 2000.
341 ::: Lee Clayton: Live at Rockpalast (1980) ::: music ::: As one of the most respected singer/songwriters of American country rock music, Lee Clayton has been cited by Bono from U2 as an important influence. And you can hear why on this sizzling set also songs from the dark controversial "Naked contains child" album. Country-Rock Songwriter Lee Clayton was demonstrably the term "Outlaw Country" in 1972 with his song "Ladies Love Outlaws", a hit for Waylon Jennings. On this second album, he investigated obsession, ugly romances and addiction - the guitar solos in songs such as "Silver Stallion" fell easily, but nothing else did it. Clayton stopped the music business in the 1980s for writing books and plays; Since then, both the Highwaymen and Cat Power have treated "Silver Stallion" Silver Stallion. "
342 ::: "CMT Star" (2005) ::: music ::: An exceptional peak in the world of country's superstars of music and chronicles the lives of these modern cowboys and girls. First -hand interviews, personal accounts and behind the scenes. With a close and personal look in the life of your beloved rural artist. Experience what it really means to be a country star in today's world.
343 ::: The Derek Trucks Band: Songlines Live (2006) ::: music ::: Park West Hdnet Taping The performance of the Derek Trucks Band in Park West in Chicago On January 28th, video was recorded in High Definition for a special HDNET program! The program will be broadcast on HDNET later this year. This will be premiere on July 2, 2006 at HDNET 9:00 p.m. (repetitions at midnight and as part of the Jam band's marathon on July 4) - the schedules are not yet listed. A list of recording this show for HDNET show. Thanks
344 ::: Punk Rock Karaoke Vol. 1 (2006) ::: music ::: 10 Great Punk Rock Classics presented a video style of karaoke ... with a punk rock twist. 2 versions of each song/video, one with a guest star vocalists and the other without vocals for your karaoke pleasure. Also included is a live performance by the Punk Rock Karaoke group with the participation of Greg Hatson (Bad Religion/Circular Jeeps), Eric Melvin (NOFX), Derek O'Brien (Social Training/Agent Orange), & Steve Soto (Junios/Junios/ Orange agents) with guests from the audience of leading vocals.
345 ::: Terri Clark Classic (2012) ::: music ::: In the midst of her new album "Classic" Terri Clark invites CMT cameras to the studio with her and her esteemed vocalists and musicians invited to the album. Special appearances made by Reba Mcentire, Dierks Bentley, Jann Arden and Dean Brody.
346 ::: CMT Star: Filthy Rich Countdown (2008) ::: music ::: Music stars for exclusive peaks to the world. Shows live a modern cowboy and girls extravagant. Each episode, every episode behind you with the first surveys, personal accounts and stage shots, every episode gives you close to the life of mega-musicians. Learn what is a star star in the world of happiness and overdoing today. From restaurants to yachts, country music, music, famous for the country, but are famous for those famous, but how much do these stars make and what do these stars make and what do these stars make them? Cruise from $ 75,000 a day ... has left $ 14 million. The stars of this country simply allow to tell millions and they spend it too.
347 ::: "Detroit Promo Television" (2014) ::: music ::: Detroit Promo TV is a technology-based show where artists talk about their motivations and life choices while emphasizing the importance of dance music in an industry dominated by rap music. Detroit Promo TV also shows the positive side of Detroit by showing local business, art and everything in Detroit! The Mission of Detroit Promo TV is to create content that has fun, educate and inspire its viewers. Detroit Promo TV offers programming that expands the brain, entertains the soul and satisfies null music.
348 ::: Sammy Hagar & the Wabos: Livin It Up! (2006) ::: music ::: Sammy Hagar and Wabos - Livin 'It Up Live! -Caught in Live in St. Louis on the 2006 US Tour, Sammy and Vabos bring down the house with their new albums, Livin It Up -with the famous solo work of Sammy with the songs of Sammy. The Legendary Van Helen Bassist, joined the stage for the second part of the show by Michael Anthony, the band wires through some of the classic tunes of Rock Radio. From "I Cant Drive 55" and "Mass Tequila" to "Finnish What You Start" and "Wright Now", it is a big Cabo party with "Red Rocker"!
349 ::: Tony Bennett: Duets II (2012) ::: music ::: To celebrate his 85th birthday, Tony Bennett (1926-) sings with 14 performers on the 2011 CD Duets II. Bennett travels, rehearsed, and can see complete take. Each singer commented on what to sing with Tony. Sometimes they are backed by the orchestra before the Bennet jazz scaltet. During the numbers, CD producer Phil Ramone talks to the camera about the nature of the duet and the style of Bennett. Tony also commented on the performance of Amy Wine House, which was the last performance. Jorge Kalandrelli arranges a song. Movie shooting includes many close -ups of singers and musicians.
350 ::: Universo di notte (1962) ::: music ::: Las Vegas started dancing with Bluebells, and with a variety of singers, singers, singers, Thai boxing, cock fighting, and such. These varieties are happening in Hong Kong, Manila, New York, Paris and Cremona. Striptizes interval between one action and the latter.
351 ::: Learning from the Legends: Bruch Violin Concerto No. 1 in G Minor, Op. 26 featuring Lara St. John (2014) ::: music ::: Learning from Legends, world -renowned violin soloist, Lara St. John teaches the Violin Max Bruch Concerto in G Minor, OP. 26. Eager violinists can now reach their next level with this essential record. Lara St. John offers complete and detailed lessons about all three famous Bruch movements. Using a private music lesson that is delivered to its page, students teach each measuring any movements of movements, advanced techniques and some extraordinary tricks That the top executives use for the stunning and astonishment of their audiences. Includes a special version of the violin music edited by Lara St. John and the Joy of the Body.
352 ::: Mogwai: Burning (2010) ::: music ::: The Scottish band demonstrates the illuminating appearance in front of Mogwai amazing group. As time is in a state of time, the audience is shipped by poetic and violent musical waves. 'Burning' sinks into this wild sensory flow. Directors are guided by Vincent Moon and Nathanol Le Skourneck tomorrow. It does not require words to touch the heart of its listeners, the senses black and white, carved by the raw emotion of this guiding band. Layered and innovative, the film has a strong finger on their pulse, which is a Sonic adventure between hope and rebellion. Lifetime feelings in just one night.
353 ::: Disco Biscuits: Progressions (2007) ::: music ::: After more than 10 years as one of the most successful acts on the Jam-Bande circuit, the Disco cookies have now created the ultimate DVD experience for their fans legions. "Progressions: The New Year 2006" was filmed during three consecutive closed windows that led to their historic New Year's performance for nearly 10,000 fans at the New Jersey Tweeter Center.
354 ::: "Bosca Ceoil" (2014) ::: music ::: The new Irish music series that depends on high energy and vibrant, with multiple stages, enthusiastic audiences and a new dynamic Pauline Sanwalon (singer with Lumiere group). This is a selective mixture of Irish singers, traditional contemporary, dancers, and prosecution, spoiling in an innovative, vital and very visual way, including some of the biggest names in the commercial world such as Sharon Shannon, Drevish, Dano, Kara Delon, Franky Gavin & De Dannan, Fidil, Flook, Beja , Buttons & Bows, in the first light and Lumer alongside emerging works such as We Banjo 3, Morga and Bonny Men and It It in.
355 ::: "VH1 Top 20 Video Countdown" (1994) ::: music ::: Countdown co-host of music videos leading to the largest music video of the week by Bradford How and Rachel Perry. In addition, the Canadian tire is a reference to money that bread is especially pleased to make but not as ubiquitous as in Canada.
356 ::: Can U Feel It: The UMF Experience (2012) ::: music ::: Can you feel that this is the UMF experience on the big screen. This is a movie with a new generation of characteristics, viewed through the eyes of the largest DJs in the world. Tiesto, David Guetta, Carl Cox, Afrojack, Fedde Le Grand, Boys Noize will be the main superstars that will take you on an electrifying trip through the UMF and the dance music world. The movie makes you feel like on the dance floor and at the DJ stand around the world. UMF is the world premiere electronic music festival. It's like the Electronic Dance Music Olympics (EDM) and every year during Miami Music Week, all the main EDM performers and fans around the world are confronted with this supreme dance music experience. "This is the biggest dance party in the world," Tiesto says of UMF. "The whole world is dancing now," says David Gueta, explaining the global explosion of dance music. Get closer and feel the vibration and energy of UMF experience. Can you feel it? *Also participation: Armin van Buren, Avichi, Steve Aoki, Lydback Luke and Will.i.am. The movie was filmed during UMF Miami in 2011
357 ::: Straw Donkey: The Videos (1995) ::: music ::: The Carter Compatibility Sports. Including 'rubbish', 'every time, every time,' he was born and November ',' depends that I couldn't go up '.
358 ::: Rammstein: Paris (2016) ::: music ::: For two nights in 2012, Ramstein sold two consecutive shows at the historic Barsi Arena in Paris. Down by more than 20 cameras, this high energy show from Bands Greatest Hits Tour, called Made in Germany 1995-2011, captured 22 songs with Mind bending theatrics such as flame thrower and a mental light show Did.
359 ::: CMT Star: Parties (2009) ::: music ::: This series is an exclusive peak of half an hour in the world of country music super stars. The series describes the life of these modern cowboys and girls. With interviews from first -hand, personal accounts and images behind the scenes, every episode gives you a close and personal look in the lives of your favorite country artist. Experience what it really means to be a national star in today's world.
360 ::: "Bluegrass Underground" (2011) ::: music ::: 333 feet from the macinville producing from the volcanic room, 333 feet from macinville, 333 feet from the ornamentation amphitheater from historical Camberlands. Get acquainted with different types of American musical heritage: blurgraz, yes, yes, yes, soul, soul, blues, rock-n-roll, gospel, people and everything.
361 ::: Oslo Philharmonic Orchestra: Sibelius, Symphony No. 1 (2010) ::: music ::: This is the second video release with the Oslo Philhamonic C Rekestra. Principal conductor Zukka-Pakka Sarste manages the National Orchestra of Norway in the Jean Sibelius First Symphony. The DVD and Blu-ray editions have a Sibelius presentation with a documentary and conductor of the European tour of the same year.
362 ::: Eurovision: Your Decision (2008) ::: music ::: Six Eurovision acts will compete in three categories. The best of each category will progress to the second round, along with a lucky loser through a wild card. The second part of the program will see two deleted acts, leaving two acts to fight for the ticket to Belgrade.
363 ::: We Day 2017 (2017) ::: music ::: V Day is an expression of the movement. It fills the stadium worldwide. This is live-stream. It is aired. It brings together world-famous speakers and award-winning artists to celebrate and motivate another year of one more incredible change of another year with millions of young people and families.
364 ::: Go Tell It on the Mountain (1964) ::: music ::: Yardbirds perform: 'Louise'/'I wish you to do'. Peter Paul & Mary perform: 'Go show it on a mountain'/'Puff the Dragon Magic' and a selection of Bob Dylan songs. Johnny Duncan and his sons Bluegrass perform: 'Whenever I need you wife'/ 'My grandfather's hour'/ and 'Ruby'
365 ::: Korn: The Path Of Totality, Live At The Hollywood Palladium (2012) ::: music ::: To celebrate the release of the tenth studio album, The Path of Total, the legendary rock performed a crowd to a mobilization, in the famous Hollywood. Through this album, the Rock Landscape changed again - with an invasion of the type that challenges the type to electronic music and dopastte, mixed with the innovative mineral brand. This performance displays the band at the top, highlighting prominent songs such as "Freak on A Leash" and "Falling Away Me" as well as new Smash songs including "Get Up!" And "eating narcissistic human meat". Join on the stage many DJs who collaborated on the course of the total, including Skrillex, 12th Planet, Flinch, DowNLONK, DATSIK and noise killing. This was taken once at a three -dimensional concert and recorded in 5.1 surrounding votes for KORN lovers to enjoy for years to come!
366 ::: The Magic of Bing Crosby (1991) ::: music ::: Rosemary Cloney, Michael Festain, and the wife of KITyn Crosby celebrates the shortness of the movie by television by television by television by television by television by television. Such stampion like "June and January," June January, "" tastes the night, "" and Christmas is heard ".
367 ::: Stryper: Live in Indonesia at Java Rockin' Land (2012) ::: music ::: The Heavy Metal Metal Band Stryper lives in the Java Rockin 'Land Festival in Indonesia. Recorded in front of an enthusiastic crowd in 2010, this is the definitive DVD of Stryper. Celebrating almost 30 years of incredible melodies and musicality, Live in Indonesia presents successes and oddities delivered in impeccable sound and video.
368 ::: Chantal Kreviazuk in This Life (2012) ::: music ::: The Chalish Chivicek and Music is the special television that shows music and reports for a tour of the Canadians singing the readers singing and work. Showing that you make films, continuous and interviews from his life and work.
369 ::: Cosmic Psychos: Blokes You Can Trust (2013) ::: music ::: For 30 years, cosmic psychosis sequences of empty beer cans and ear dramas around the world with its Australian unrestricted songs and punk rock songs. At the founder, the group created Ross Knight of Bulldozer, mounted on a family farm in Victoria, with a unique voice and image that resonated with punk Rock fans everywhere. SPOP SPOP SPOP! The second album released its second album, where the band was on the scene of Seattle in the late 1980s among the likes of Pearl Jam, Moodoni and Melvinz. The group, which never found the main success of their Grunge counterparts, was able to surf the United States and Europe, thanks to a great and dedicated fan base. The cosmic psychiatric was infamous because of the ability to drink dry pub, and was known to resonate as a warning - "Never drink with a psyche." But it wasn't all that was a trick. The heavy fall with the drummer and a member of Bill Walsh's founder led to a change in bitter sacrifice in his new album with the song "Kill Bill". They have been destroyed by several recorded labels and faced a Robby Watts guitarist tragedy in 2006. "McKing takes care of the tasks of the guitar onya. Cosmic Psychos: Blokes you can trust, follow the colorful history groups as well as the vague and entertaining founder of Ross Knight until behind the man riding a bulldozer Farmer, Father, Weightlifter and Front. His story alone, and in his view, a unique portrait of a rock and roll is unlikely.
370 ::: Rondo Veneziano Once upon a time (2010) ::: music ::: This special 72 -minute DVD contains 25 of Gian Piero Reverberis enchanting and most famous compositions with live concert performances, original real Rondo Veneziano Masters and unique special performances of the Maestro itself.
371 ::: Roxette: Live - Traveling the World (2013) ::: music ::: Live: Traveling The World is the first live album of the Swedish Pop duo Roxette, released on December 6, 2013. The DVD/Blu-ray album presents live images filmed in Orpheus Superdomy (Córdoba), Caupolicán Theater (Santiago) and positive theater (Curitiba) during the South American stage of the tour.
372 ::: Chicago and Earth, Wind & Fire: Live at the Greek Theatre (2005) ::: music ::: Legendary group teams Chicago and Earth, Wind and Fire created the 2004 Summer hit hit. Playing in places sold 10 strokes in the graph. All the excitement from the latest show of the tournament was caught in high definition for this extraordinary DVD, filmed in Los Angeles at the Greek Theater.
373 ::: Blue Man Group: How to Be a Megastar 2.0 (2008) ::: music ::: Hi Ivona Come to one of your Store Blue Man Group Oh Yes It is a lot of fun, I hope you see me a day but I can buy one of your movies or I can get it out of eBay eBay I can get it in Wuhu Mail today.
374 ::: "Music Works" (1994) ::: music ::: Music Works is a series of popular CBC television music featuring some of the best groups and artists in Canada. He also presents some of Canada's new artists on the music scene. The groups play live in a music warehouse studio. It is organized by the famous celebrity Pat Mastroianni.
375 ::: Tina Landon Behind the Moves (2003) ::: music ::: The dancer to the stars, Tina Landon, and her top dancers will take you through a complete studio dance session (breaking the stages) some of the most symbolic and winning video music she had created for artists like Jennifer Lopez. Britney Spears, Samantha Bombar and many more. DVD also records interviews with Tina and a tribute to Tina Landon from these stars.
376 ::: Nesmith Live (1992) ::: music ::: Michael Nesmit performs live at the Brett's Music Festival, as well as the 70s "Z-1960 / Early", as well as the 70 years, including its left album tropical camps Orville "Red" Rhodes and El-rock veterans John Gorgenson, John Hobbs and others.
377 ::: The 23rd Annual Grammy Awards (1981) ::: music ::: The Music Award of the American Academy of Grammy - Audio deo recording was established by the American Association SO Sound -Recording Companies on March 14, 1958. Grammy is given an annual award as a result of voting by the authorized members of the "Recording Academy".
378 ::: Hillsong United: Live in Miami (2012) ::: music ::: Creative, diverse and not limited to any demographic, the heart of Hilson United is to create music that reveals the truth of who Jesus is. It is opposed by leaders of the worship Joel Houston, Jad Jilly and JD, the team is a developing cooperation of pastors, worship leaders, musicians and songwriters - all intentional for giving a generation passionate for God. In and outside the studio, on a tour or home at Hillsong Church, United undertakes to write songs that tell the truth, create a unique sound, connect with churches, people, and eventually connect people everywhere with God. Live in Miami was enrolled in the American Airlines Arena on August 6, 2011 and captures a raw, authentic experience of worshiping a stadium filled with thousands of people, placed on the worship of Jesus Christ. Including such favorites as "Mighty to Save", "The Stand" andAfterMath ", Live in Miami contains 22 songs and over 2 hours of breathtaking moments and inspiring hymns.
379 ::: Holiday Voices (2003) ::: music ::: Holiday Voices has some of Music Entertainer's best music videos that focus on holiday themes. The line includes the nationally renowned sound artist Elton John! It also features Jason Star and Cassie Fernandez of Crew21. The show also includes American tenor, Nathan Granner. The amazing special is hosted by Monk and Kelly from the popular radio station, Star 102.
380 ::: Hooray for the Madness (2006) ::: music ::: Motion City Soundtrack plays a live show on the infamous 7th street retention in Minneapolis, Minnesota. This documentary Live Show introduces the band and provides insight into their history and describes the 6 years since the start of Motion City Soundtrack. The interviews are split by segments of the musical performance.
381 ::: Hansel and Gretel (2008) ::: music ::: The famous fairy tale of the grimling of the two children's brothers who lost in the woods, Egelbert Humperdink, is the most popular Opera, Hansel and Gretle, Royal Opera House, Covent Garden. This product is full of intellect and black comedy, star-stated cast.
382 ::: CMT Star: Rides (2009) ::: music ::: This series describes the lives of modern cowboy and girls. With First Hand interviews, personal accounts and backstage footage, every episode will look closely and individually in your favorite country artist's lives. Experience what really means to be a national star in today's world.
383 ::: The Derek Trucks Band: Songlines Live (2006) ::: music ::: The Western Western Western SAERK Trucks Tap Banking trucks of SAERK trucks of SAERK trucks was papd in high definition for a particular HDNEN program! The program will put this year in HDNNNT. It will be in the HDNE 9PM on July 2, 2006 (in the middle of HDNE 9PM (in the middle of HDNE 9PM. Listing of this showpage for HDNANT Broadcast. Thank you
384 ::: The 25th Anniversary Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Concert (2009) ::: music ::: 25 days of the rocks of rocks and rolls of levels "." Big football ". Crosby sing" Songrock "on James Taylor". Love of "at the same time in my life" and "Highground" and SONS is going to "Roxanne" make "what he likes". Aretha Franklin is doing "I love you", "Don't play a song" and the sons Annie Lennox ". Paul Day "You can call me pay for George Harrison, as it follows Gazaam and steven still" sun "," the box "and" the bedside ". Dion makes "a wanderer". Little Anthony and the kings in their "Cappella" best in "two good people in the world". Mick Jaggeme makes a loud "classic" Gimmement ", with U2 and Fergie. The difference John is following the Brace Strcetren, with the team of traffic, you will be "girl" in the Roy Orbison ". Bruce and the" Heart Soul " . Close to Jeff Bool and Guitar Sings "people get ready." Jeff Bierk is doing the "moving" Billy, John Ferring, Brianring, Brought water, the appropriate option for a ceremony.
385 ::: KISSology: The Ultimate KISS Collection Vol. 3 1992-2000 (2007) ::: music ::: The legendary Rock Hard Kiss Band releases their third and final payment of the DVD Kissology series. Fans are treated for many of the best and most tough, live shows from 1992 to 2000. Also including some extras and surprises on the 5 disc. Return are Paul Stanley, Gene Simmons and there are also appearances of other past and present band members.
386 ::: "ABC Barn Dance" (1949) ::: music ::: One of the most key television programs during prime time, this program started originally as the radio program "National Barn Dance", which began to broadcast in 1924. Hosted by the Emches Jack Stillwell and Hal O'Halloran, this musical varieties show presented contemporary dance music mainly in folk, country and Western styles.
387 ::: Mogwai: Burning (2010) ::: music ::: The Scottish band Mogwai does a fireplace in front of a stunned crowd. As if the time was stable, the audience is transported by the waves of music, both poetic and violent. 'Burning' dives in this wild sensual stream. Director Vincent Moon and Nathanal Le Scourneck guide us in a dream where no one tomorrow. This is the black and white experience of the sensation engraved by the raw feeling of this leading band that does not require any words to touch the hearts of its listeners. Layered and innovative, his finger is firmly on the pulse of the movie, which is a sonic adventure between hope and rebellion. Feelings for a lifetime in just one night.
388 ::: G-Lock: Absorbed by the Grid (1997) ::: music ::: G -Lock - It is absorbed by the network that was filmed directly on August 16, 1997. Chris McLaren (Bass), Frank Thomas (Getar / Singing, Mikel (Drum), Liz Spears (Singing), and Steve Neil (Singing) in the reward video. On this DVD disk of the 1997 VHS bar, so sound and video quality may not be 100 % in all regions.
389 ::: Imagine: John Lennon 75th Birthday Concert (2015) ::: music ::: I respect the 75th birthday of John Lennon, and I imagine Blackbird Presents and AMC. The concert event taping for one night was held at the Madison Square Garden Theater on Saturday, December 5, and was aired only at 9:00 pm (ET/PT) on Saturday, December 19 at AMC. In addition to the great lineup, the show included a very special video appearance by the rest of the Beatles, Paul McCartney and Apple Star. Golden Globe and Screen Actor's Guild Award winner Kevin Bacon was a special guest host of the event full of this star.
390 ::: Dean Martin: Encore (2004) ::: music ::: Dean Martin: Dino Recovery Supervisory with a range of music, many fears of the popularity of popularity. Beautiful, handsome, usually staying in the houses that are very dangerous or singing of the twenty-year-old song. No one's worship of the Pop Pop - or a limits of the maximum - should leave this package!
391 ::: Zulu Awards '10 (2010) ::: music ::: Danish Broadcaster TV 2 Julu, which is awarded "The Julu Warrior" in the 14 categories that cover movies, music, television, radio, commercials and sports, exhibit the eighth annual "People's Choice" awards. The biggest awards performance of Denmarks includes hottest and current Danish celebrities and artists performances and exhibitions. Nominations are chosen by a jury selected by each experts in six arts. A month before the exhibition, the winners were announced at night following a public online vote.
392 ::: "Big in a Small Town" (2012) ::: music ::: KC Clarke hit small towns across the country in search of the next Canadian superstar. When he finds out what he is looking at, someone's life will change. Episode 1 - KC Clarke visited BC, Alberta and Suskechewan in search of Canada's hottest talent from Western Canada episode 2 - KC Clarke exposed the talent of the small town in a big way to his visit to Canada in Maritimes and Ontario in Maritimes and Ontario Continued to do. Episode 3 - Live to Air - Episodes 1 and 2 to 2 finalists perform for a panel of judges in Toronto!
393 ::: Body Remix/Goldberg Variations (2008) ::: music ::: In this new work from Marie Quoucher, ten danceans make changes in different. Often the players appeared in the main issue: one, two, and even four at the same time. And the form of body of body, we see them using different devices - cuturches, bolts, hovering panels, and sometimes released it, and others produce it.
394 ::: Frankie and Walter: One More Time (1998) ::: music ::: In December 1995, something happened to never happen again. Western Canada Frozen Dands of Western Latest Final Victory for A Silvering Week Last Final Last Last Final Recent Visit Latest Final Victory Victory Victory Recent Testi Latest Latest Visitary Visanc and Walter Dating? Frankai Yancovich is nearly king of a legendary king, the main music form and the main reason is growing today. Walter Austriani is acting Minister of Prime Minister Canada, Gractary International Awards The winner of Gara International Awards Wins Polka International Awards. With each other to hit each other time, after the 80-year-olds, one of the eight-year-olds - Frankki announced his retirement from the road. . . For now - the program is features of Frankin and Walter classic tones, and look at the interview with what is going to make something "is the happiest of Side. "
395 ::: Directions (2006) ::: music ::: Manhattan brass bands - a man is seated in an isolated room, breathing through a paper bag and then carrying a bag on his head. The room is starting to gradually look like the beach. He goes to bed on the beach next to a woman with a bag above his head. He then wakes up in the room, opens the door and sees the woman who was sitting on the beach with him, who is also wet and leaves his own isolated room. Soul meets the body of the body - indescribable. Summer skin - Children work in an office outside instead of going to the playground. They deplore the time they waste and seem to be responsible for depression. A child removes a starfish from his case and fled. The other children follow him. Different names for the same thing - a college group plays different names for the same thing. Some seem tired, some are very excited. I will follow you in the dark - a series of sketches loosely unified by rabbits and an old man and a child are shown in a laptop on a table. Your heart is an empty room - a boy is (probably) his girlfriend's apartment. She has guests and is angry at not having socialized with them. The boy is home and plays video games. The next morning, he goes to a garage sale and finds finger puppets similar to his video game characters (a triceratops and a robot). He dreams of having fun with his girlfriend with these finger puppets and buys them. Later, the boy asks his girlfriend to lie down with him and look at the clouds. When he looks up, she left. So he leaves a finger puppet at his door and goes home to play video games. One day, you will be liked - a heart of clay endures a horrible torment to finally flower in a beautiful flower. Croooked Dental - Three members of the group (a pirate bass player, a guitarist / robot singer and a dragon drummer) play a song and tell their personal stories. The pirate has traveled a very long time to find a treasure to realize that there was no treasure at all. The dragon fought hard for a princess only to realize that she was only a cardboard cut. The robot was flying in space to be killed before reaching its destination. All the characters share a link knowing that "you can not find anything at all if there was nothing there" which Sarah said - a man sitting to smoke a cigarette in an artist's apartment. A woman in the bathroom make up and writes on the mirror "he loves me". She then goes out in the apartment and writes on her hand "a peu?" Man does nothing in response. She takes brushes and writes "Beaucop!" In large letters on the wall. Man still does nothing. She drops the painting on the bed. She reveals the "passion" tattooed on her arm. He still does nothing and she pleads him. The man simply catches his cigarette. The woman takes an accurate knife and sculpts "ŕ madness" in her leg. Man creates. The woman returns to the bathroom and writes "not at all" then the wipers and writes again "he loves me" stable children - children are underground in a semi -circular house. They descend and find, to their greatest pleasure, sugar cereals. Then, the sister teaches geography to her brothers. The sister and a brother repair an air filter. The sister takes care of the garden, then thinks of her parents, of which she does not seem to remember the faces. She begins to launch the dirt while her brother scribbles on a white wall with a pencil. The children then nestled around a television, which does not receive any signal on any channel. The sister thinks of her parents and remembered them. Jealousy rolls with the couples look at the leverages and carts, and play with the sun and the moon by doing things to make them look human. Then all the couples come out to watch a complete solar eclipse. Talking like turnstiles - a man trying to document the only game live to speak as turnstiles works on stage and is prosecuted.
396 ::: Trip: Remix Your Experience (2005) ::: music ::: Travel is music shooting. In 2001, Frank Otto and Beln Caller Adams developed a basic idea of ​​a song that would be the driving force behind an extraordinary integration of art. The two musicians were very promptly recognized that the final result was fundamentally different from the structure of other songs, and eventually exceeded 74 minutes. Frank Otto and Belent Caller Adams shared his vision with 12 musicians' friends. Each uses musical instruments, voices, and hearts, and added another color to the whole. One truck -one take. And the photo came. For the next four years, 33 filmmakers have performed their original music interpretation of their original music. The "element" has become a "travel". Art performance (artwork), underwater film (SEAMUSIC), travel around the world (planetary performance), or as a collage (truck 2) of short films -"Trip" film creators visualize. I selected the style tool. music. Eventually, these tools have been integrated to form a magic ecstasy of the image. The creative freedom displayed by musicians, actors, actresses, and filmmakers cooperated in the project is combined with continuous inspiration provided by many friends in the project, and many times on this day. I marked it and made it.
397 ::: Talking Heads: Storytelling Giant (1988) ::: music ::: The giant of the story narration was a 1988 compilation of ten musical videos produced by Talking Heads during the 1980s. The videos are linked by seemingly real people (not actors) that tell stories of their lives. The stories have no logical connection to the videos.
398 ::: Ben Harper & the Innocent Criminals: Live at the Hollywood Bowl (2003) ::: music ::: The musician of Blues-Roots-Soul, Ben Harper, and his band The Innocent Criminals live in the Hollywood Bowl, August 4, 2003. Songs: "Glory & Consumer"; "Sorry for me"; "Brown Eyed Blues"; "Temporary means"; "Gold for me"; "Sexual healing"; "Steal my kisses"; "Diamonds on the inside"; "Amen Omen"; "Burn down"; "With my own two hands/war"; "Go away"; "Wait for an angel"; "Blessed to be a witness"; "Like a king/I will get up".
399 ::: Green Day: Awesome As F**K (2011) ::: music ::: Green Day recorded every show during the 21st -century breakdown tour. When it concluded, the band members, singer-guitarist Billie Joe Armstrong, bass player Mike Dirt and drummer Tre Cool saw through all the shows to deliver the best versions from all over the world. The video images were recorded in the show of the band in Tokyo, Japan. The package includes the biggest hits of Green Day and fan favorites, including "21 Guns", "American Idiot", "" When I come around "and" Good Riddance. "
400 ::: Thank God for Chris Penn (????) ::: music ::: Chris Penn (Unrelated to the Late Actor of the Same Name, Or Sean Penn), A Joint Owner of Dallas Texas' Good Records, Goes Through Great Aletic to get Dennis Dunaway, The Orig t His store. Through a number of well -organized efforts and many phone calls and emails, book signing is expanding to include a billion dollar babies, the group consisting of the surviving original members of the original Alice Cooper group without the famous singer. Without any promises or guarantees from Alice Cooper himself, Chris is preparing to organize the possible collection of her favorite childhood group. On the night of the event, Good Records is packed on the ribs with so many Alice Cooper fans, some are forced to look outside the windows. The excitement escalates as they provide for the possible arrival of the Shock Rock initiator. A private documentary and concert movie, this movie includes performances from the legendary night at Good Records.
401 ::: Velvet Revolver: Live in Houston (2005) ::: music ::: The full length of Live tracks have excerpts to talk to velvant members, they tell you how the velvet Revolver was. The list of collections naturally pays attention to this debut issue, but the rifles are replenished from two ways and stone temples from the catalogs and show two roads from the group temple and the history of the range of two lines. Barkhat Revolver is a great living group, and usually in a big form before the juvenile group.
402 ::: CMT Star: Rides (2009) ::: music ::: The series tells the life of these cowboy and modern girls everyday. With first-hand interviews, personal bills and footage behind the scenes, each episode gives you a close and personal look in the life of your favorite country artist. Experience what really means being a star of the country in today's world.
403 ::: Rebel Invazion (2013) ::: music ::: REBEL InVAZION introduces the riot and talented worlds of crisp -based rap artists and urban models. It is followed by World Star's hip -hop bucksen, a cover girl Beautiful Zabeast, which inhibits straight -growth, a nationwide featured wrap artist Mall Tsunami, and J.O. The film has a lot of various performances, including the Rapper Bone Sags and Harmony, a rapper who won the Grammy & American Music Awards.
404 ::: "Countdown" (1974) ::: music ::: Molly Interviews 'Freddie Mercury' (QV) Interviews for his single song "I Born to Love You" from his first solo album, what he is about artists from current English music scene such as "Go West" (QV) Kind, and "Paul Yang (III)" (QV), and his opinion on the current US number one "we are the world".
405 ::: The Dean Martin Christmas Special (1980) ::: music ::: Songs and sketches include: Gibb, Martin, Sea, Martin and Martin - Time, Gibb and Martin - Still - Amazing Toys, Gibb, Gibb, Martin, Siler, Seas and pop - all a small song, then imitate Gibda, Gibb - Gibb - a group of McNiBar, Gibbar, Gibb, pop and Tenis - stop - Love, Martin and Sills - Shinis - Sills, Martin, Sills, Sills, Sills, Sills - Hey Good View, Martin and Sills -, Martin & Sills -, Gibb and Tenis - Way, Martin And Siller is a Gibb, Martin, Siller, Tenman and pop - the world, Gibb, Estrada & Tilis - Escape (Pina Colad) - Opera Medley, Gibb, Martin, Siller, Tillis, and pops.
406 ::: Colors: Up Close & Personal (1999) ::: music ::: The state of Utah has many musical treasures, and one of them is the music of colors. A folk rock band that is recognized in the publication with the release of their latest album. This documentary follows the colors in summer 1999 when their popularity grows and its music rings.
407 ::: The 41st Annual Grammy Awards (1999) ::: music ::: Graphy - American Academy of audio registration is awarded the award by the "Registration Academy" by the "Registration Academy".
408 ::: "Waiting for the Break" (1950) ::: music ::: The Underst The show was on for four weeks.
409 ::: My Sex, Our Dance (1986) ::: music ::: The first performance was filmed by DV8 Dance Dance,
410 ::: Jane's Addiction: Live Voodoo (2010) ::: music ::: Shot on Halloween in the evening 2009 at Voodoo Experience in New Orleans, Live Voodoo sees the collection of Jane's classic composition of Perry Farrell (vocals), Stephen Perkins (drums), Erick Avery (Bass) and Dave Navarro (guitar). This spectacular show captures the group in the upper form with Perry Farrell in its most hypnotic.
411 ::: The Pogues: Poguevision (2006) ::: music ::: Thirteen examples of the Pogues unique brand of Hellraising -Folk, from Punky -to traditional Irish songs such as 'Dirty Old Town' to the originals written by Shane Macgowan, the romantized life visions of life that were considered through the ground of a bottle .
412 ::: ADELE Live in London with Matt Lauer (2012) ::: music ::: Adele Live in London with Matt Lauer (or simply Adele Live in London) is a television special starring Adele that will be released on June 5, 2012 8 p.m. However, in NBC, although this was changed to Sunday, June 3, 2012. [1] According to a Sony Music Entertainment statement, Adele sits for an exclusive interview with the news presenter Matt Lauer to talk about the incredible success of His record album, 21, and how his life has changed. [2] included performances of his successful concert film, live at the Royal Albert Hall.
413 ::: Can U Feel It: The UMF Experience (2012) ::: music ::: Can you consider it as UMF experience on a big screen? This is a new generation film that has seen with the eyes of the largest DJ of the world. Testo, David Guetta, Carl Cox, Afrojack, Fedde Le Grand, Birds Boize will have an electrical star through the world of UMF and dance music. The film makes you feel like you on your dance floor and dj Boot and the music and feelings of music and feelings for the growth of dance music are all around the world. UMF is the Premiere electronic music festival in the world. This is like an Olympiad (MEDM) of electronic dance music (MEDG) and every year, like Miami Music Week, all the largest editions and fans of all over the world collided with fans of Miami's fans for dance. "It is the biggest dance evening in the world," says about East Afyaso UMF. "Now the whole world dances," said David Ghetta explained the global blast of dance music. Get closer than before and feel the energy of vibration and UMF experience. Can you feel it? . The film was shot in 2011 during UMF Miami.
414 ::: CBC Music Festival (2013) ::: music ::: On May 25, 2013, CBC Music organized a massive outdoor concert featuring some of the top musicians in Canada. Filming at Toronto's Echo Beach and hosted by Jian Ghomeshi, was one of the largest summer festivals, with shows by Sam Roberts Band, Kathleen Edwards, Sloan, Shakura S'Aida, Half Moon Run, Jarvis Church and many More. The CBC Music Special Festival has some of the stellar shows from the concert as well as exclusive backstage interviews with performing artists.
415 ::: The Once: Live at the Stagehouse (2014) ::: music ::: St. John, Newfoundland is a city with a deep musical spirit and a few bands incorporate that better spirit at that time. Called for a single phrase of Newfoundland which means "imminent," now they are their time. Live at the Stagehouse is an hour of interviews and exhibitions from this wonderful trio, which include live off-art live recorded songs in the picturesque Stagehouse Registration Studio in San Filippu. Once it embraces a different vision of Newfoundland music. Their sounds do not emerge from the noisy pubs and dockside taverns that greatly boost the island's energy. Instead, their music comes from a quieter and more thoughtful place. Hope and tragedy are intertwined, whether they are singing an old lament from the First World War, original songs that talk about overcome love, or flavor songs by the artists whose music inspires them. The once: Live at the stagehouse contains some of their best beloved tunes and some have never heard of before. It is a unique opportunity to see one of Canada's most rising bands in the place that inspires them and feeds their soul.
416 ::: "Les clefs de l'orchestre de Jean-François Zygel" (2007) ::: music ::: A new DVD series dedicated to the symphonic masterpieces introduced by Jean-François Zygel and presenting the Orchester Philharmonique of Radio France. A French television remake of the concert episodes of Young People by Leonard Bernstein: Ravel bolero, Haydn 'Symphony 103, Beethoven's Pastoral Symphony, Dvorak New World Symphony.
417 ::: Kids Incorporated: The Beginning (1984) ::: music ::: After asking about a new band audition at the malt shop, Gloria decided to abandon the piano practice. She is facing a strict competition with local favorite and children, but they all decide to work together to give them the edges they need. On the other hand, new children in town, which are only known as the Kid, hopes that they will not be shy of band auditions.
418 ::: Supersilent 7 (2005) ::: music ::: 7 is the movie at the Norwagian Bank. Text in Oslo on August of 2004, it is the first video game by 4 records (1-3, 4, 6, 6 ,, they've all released in Norway. This song is perfect, sometimes a noise of a noise, sometimes slowly and ether, and always lovely.
419 ::: KISSology: The Ultimate KISS Collection Vol. 3 1992-2000 (2007) ::: music ::: The hardest story Rock kisses to the three-thirds of their third and last of the Iyyo DVD system. The fans treat most of them the best and the best, in the middle of 1992 and 2000. Also includes some additional additions in a series of 5 disc. Returning to it is Paul Stanley, Gene Simmons that there is a sign of the previous teams ago & now.
420 ::: Swan Lake: The Kirov Ballet (1996) ::: music ::: In 1990, Klamic Kirov's Klamic Kirov's Klamic Kirovo production of Klamic Kirovo, Corporate Courses, where Siegfried has martial arts, finally, Won Rotbart and in the morning in the morning. Yulia Mahalina stars, now Odette / Odilda and Igor Zelenki, now International Star, Prince Siegfrid.
421 ::: Straw Donkey: The Videos (1995) ::: music ::: Collection of Carter USM music videos. Contains 'waste', 'Always, everywhere, everywhere', 'Bloodsport for All', 'After the Watershed', 'Glam Rock Cops', 'The Young Offenders Mum', 'Born on November 5', 'The Impossible Dream' , "The Impossible Dream", "The Impossible Dream" and "Lean on me, I'll not fall over."
422 ::: Reel Big Fish: Live! In Concert! (2009) ::: music ::: Shot at the beginning of the "renown tower, fortune and fornication" in Anaheim CA on January 4, 2009 in front of a closed windows of 2,500 fans of enraged ska! This complete concert film proves why RBF is an essential experience live for more than 15 years!
423 ::: Real Change: Artists for Education (2013) ::: music ::: Real change is a uplifting and stars-lined, prime time, one-hour network television special that celebrates teachers and individuals who today make a difference in American schools. Real change is broadcast on CBS O&Os on April 23, 2013, two weeks before the National Teacher appreciation week of 5 May. The aim of real change is to promote the ideals and great works of philanthropy and to inspire every American to participate and make a difference. The result will move a nation to "recognize, explore, assume and live".
424 ::: "Doctors of Rock" (2005) ::: music ::: A collection of Rock-N-Roll Specials, which is now filmed at the Academy of Arts University in San Francisco. Each of a legendary rock artist is proud of a nominated committee consisting of key experts in the music industry. The selected artist receives a doctorate degree because of his contribution to culture and art. The event, filmed before a living audience of invited students and guests, includes a doctorate presentation, a question and answer between the artist and the audience, and a unique doctoral concert.
425 ::: Binicki (2015) ::: music ::: An actor plays Stanislav Binicki, an eminent Serbian composer from the end of the 19th and first decades of the 20th century. Because he has no confidence to play such a role, he turns to hypnosis, which enabled him to withstand the life of the composer and to get faith in himself and also in art. He becomes Binicki himself, a pioneer of Serbian classical music. The musical, yet anti-war music film "Binicki" for both children as adults is an attempt to attract the attention from a wider audience to classical music.
426 ::: "Jazz and Blues TV" (2014/II) ::: music ::: Metal Central is a television program with the best international acts of metal and rock from around the world. There will be documentaries, tour videos; Live concerts from the independent world music scene and of course some of the best music from the last metal acts. The show is focused on the supply of labels and independent artists from around the world the possibility of presenting their work and obtaining a global exhibition. If you want to submit your music, please submit your video link to Content.mctv@gmail.com Four on metal Central TV in Muzu.tv/metalcentraltv for all your energetic needs, hard strikers and heads.
427 ::: Celtic Thunder: Voyage (2012) ::: music ::: Voyage Celtic Thunders take the audience on a trip through various Celtic and Irish music styles, from traditional standards like Lagan Love and Maid of Culmore to the most contemporary Irish songs like All Day Long and Galway Girl.
428 ::: Kids Incorporated: The Beginning (1984) ::: music ::: After hearing about auditions for a new group down in Malt Shop, Gloria decides to remove her piano practice to attend. She faces fierce competition from local favorites, children involved, but everyone decides to work together will give them the advantage they need. Meanwhile, a young child in the city, known only as "Kid", looks, wishing he was not too scared of audition for the group.
429 ::: "Eldorado" (1983) ::: music ::: Jetan's Matthen and Lue-Nalo lives in Laban. In addition, it's live music by Ryan Paris (Smile Video "and Music Video" by Elton John ". End by Ellton Jan, Music Video To be made. "The musical principle of the musical records are won by the musical records and" the Chinese girl "music videos and" played the china. Business to "my boy's colored" activity "my boyfoot" my boyflovin "activity".
430 ::: Great Big Sea: Great Big DVD (2001) ::: music ::: After the first day of a large large sea, back in the spring of 1993, the new fukland-based band wishing album. Identified for their motivation and powerful things, their recent journey provided the appropriate opportunity to do it. The result is a persuasive in the stage with their music, and their music, and their music.
431 ::: Live in Lyon (2013) ::: music ::: From his first registrations with Roxy Music in the early 1970s, Bryan Ferry took his place as one of the most iconic and innovative musicians and writers to come out in popular music. Ferry's tour "Olympia" traveled the world in 2011, including this spectacular performance filmed on July 25 at the ancient Roman amphitheater in Lyon, France as part of the Nuits de Fourviere festival . The show includes tracks from around 40 years old including classic roxy music songs, solo hits and its known interpretations of all other writer's material delivered by style and panache that is Uniquely Bryan Ferry.
432 ::: Tanya Tucker: Live at Billy Bob's Texas (2005) ::: music ::: Tanya Tucker performed in Billy Bob's legendary stage and with thousands of fans who sang the words for her every hit, she told everyone in the audience why she is still reigning queen of Country Music. Her classic representation of her cross -all hit, "Delta Dawn", the audience fascinated the melody of a raw standing ovation, just like every song she performed that night. With a new generation of fans exposed to Tanya's music through her performances with Country Sensation Gretchen Wilson, her crowd was very youthful and full of energy, great proof of her musical vitality in the current world of Country Music. While the night closed and Tanya gracefully walked outside the stage, the Texas -Mixed by Billy Bob they had seen history in the making. Because the stars shine clearly in the Lone Star State and Tanya is the ultimate Texas star, a real legend in country music and a hero for every "Redneck -Vrouw" around the world.
433 ::: Oslo Philharmonic Orchestra: Sibelius, Symphony No. 1 (2010) ::: music ::: This is the second video release with Oslo Philormonic orchestra. Principal Conductor Zukka-Peca Saraser Jean Sibelius is operating the Norway's National Orchestra in the first Symphony. In the DVD and Blu-ray edition of the same year there was a Sibelius appearance with the documentary and conductor of the European trip of the orchestra tour
434 ::: Symptomology of a Rock Band (1994) ::: music ::: Grammy-nominated rock band crash test starts to affect bizarre pathological symptoms, which is brought by their new fame.
435 ::: Frankie and Walter: One More Time (1998) ::: music ::: In December 1995, something happened that would never happen again. Western Canada's stable plains for a sizzling week played the host of the world's two great traditional music icons - Frankie Yancovich and Ver Ltter's Historic Historic Final Tour. Frankie Yankovich is almost the mythical American Polka King, the origin of modern musicals, and the main reason for Polka blooms today. Ver Ltter Ostaneck Premier is a Canadian Polka artist, a winner of the Multiple Grammy Awards, and the heir to the international polka throne is clear. During the coldest winter on the record, traveling once more - Franky has announced his retirement from the road at the age of 80. . . For now - the program has a classic tune of Frankie and V Ter litter, interviews with two stars, as well as the rear scenes - look at the tour yourself - Frankie Yancovich "The Happyst is all the music of heaven."
436 ::: Cyndi Lauper: Live... At Last (2004) ::: music ::: Twenty years after she is so unusual, she was made by an icon, Cindy Lauper live ... at first she caught an intimate night in the New York City Hall in 2004, presenting drastically revised shows on their hits from girls who just want to be Fun with real colors.
437 ::: Mötley Crüe: Greatest Video Hits (2003) ::: music ::: This is a musical video collection that shows all Motley Crue videos dating back to 1981 and running until 2000 and include shows from the original Motley Crue and offers videos with later members John Corabi and Randy Castillo .
438 ::: In Performance at the White House: Chorus Lines (1988) ::: music ::: Introduced on the southern lawn of the White House, hosting the President and G -Reagan, this concert in the PBS series "In Performance at the White House" included the Broadway Show tunes. Included are "Sit, you swing the boat" by "Boys and Dolls", "If I Loved You" by "Carusel", "While there was" by "Music Man", "Nothing Like a Lady" from "South Pacific" and the title song From "Oklahoma!"
439 ::: En vanföreställning (2011) ::: music ::: Andi Almqvist, a Swedish singer / writer in transit in the Czech Republic and on stage in Malmö, Sweden. The music of Andi moves in and out of the yards of life, where the broken hearts and ragged characters are collected, away from a happy ending. Andi Alqvist has turned across the United States and Europe and is praised by American as well as from the European music press.
440 ::: Rust Golem (2015) ::: music ::: TOTT GATEM is the world's first choice, your personal line - leaders to 360 degrees, run away from the felt, run away from the felt dungeon, magical, mysterious and 8-bit 8-bit players. There are six specific pins and manually twisted animated elements of manually twisted animated elements to 360 degrees. Rust Golem is interesting, interesting events, she begs to play and again!
441 ::: Great Big Sea: Great Big DVD (2001) ::: music ::: After the first day of a large large sea, back in the spring of 1993, the new fukland-based band wishing album. Identified for their motivation and powerful things, their recent journey provided the appropriate opportunity to do it. The result is a persuasive in the stage with their music, and their music, and their music.
442 ::: Great Big Sea: Great Big DVD (2001) ::: music ::: From the first days of the older big sea, in the spring of 1993, the new Newfoundland group wanted to create a living album. Their recent excursions have allowed them to do so for their famous and powerful performances. The result is a unique live document at the place of residence of travel, their music, their music and the public.
443 ::: The 43rd Annual Grammy Awards (2001) ::: music ::: Grammy-the American Audio Registration Academy Music Award, was founded by the American Association of Sound Companies on March 14, 1958. Grammy is given every year as a result of voting by Authorized members of "Academy Registration".
444 ::: The Suzanne Somers Special (1982) ::: music ::: Anbear Cars US Ranger, in the San Diego somers painting, dance and funny. His audience is more than 6000 sailors from U.S. Andy. His visitors include singers Marie Osmond, and Glayys Knight and Pips. Plus Comidian Flip Wilson, showing like Geraldine Sussene '. Suzanne and Co. Make rocks in Pigkies and Marie singers singing in 1940 'tax forces in the United States.
445 ::: Falco - Helden von heute (1984) ::: music ::: Falco dreams of driving a convertible and performing in front of a cheering audience. But then he wakes up in a prison cell in Chicago, USA. He breaks out and experiences a lawn war between a black gang and a white gang. Then Falco visits his girlfriend. They go to a cinema and watch a black and white romantic film that shows Falco as the leading actor. Then Falco roams the city. He sees a strip club and decides to enter. There he meets several semi-naked dancers. Falco Rams against the wall. He ends up in the recording studio of his producer Robert Ponger. Change of scene: A plane cemetery near Tucson, Arizona. Suddenly Falco appears. He sings and dances. The camera films the aircraft wrecks. A mechanic (also played by Falco) has a break, he looks out the window and sees Falco. Then the mechanic plays with the one -armed bandit in his workshop. In the end he had the right combination (three sailing ships). Change of scene: Falco appears on a pirate ship (the backup dancers are disguised as pirates). Change of scene: Falco holds a press conference on which he "explains his concrete attitude as a post -feminist man". Change of scene: Falco dinner with a family. The atmosphere is pretty boring. Falco is being descended and so he makes the family's young daughter laugh. The parents tell a joke, but Falco only rolls his eyes. He leaves dinner to look around in the house. Falco finds a role of film and plays it back. This film is some strange figures dancing in a ballroom. Falco appears in this film and becomes part of it. Falco comes from the castle. Then he goes to sedan. It takes him to Egypt, where he sees the pyramids.
446 ::: Motown 30: What's Goin' On! (1990) ::: music ::: Registered in front of an audience at the Panseg Theater, "Motown 30: What is Goin!" It is a direct honoring of the recording company from Detroit on the thirtieth anniversary of its founding. Special TV celebrates the stars with the achievements of artists from the late 1990s.
447 ::: American Ballet Theatre in San Francisco (1985) ::: music ::: American ballet theater in San Francissiation, such as Paul Taylor, paun Taylor Duke, Fernan Taylor Dex, Fernando Buddy Budkudes and Sintia Gregia, made from the third share of Paw Taylor Dex, Fernando; Sir Kenneth danced Makmillan Natalia Makarova and Kevin McVenyz - Antoni Tudor's "Jardin Moon" and, finally Lynn Taylor-Korbett.
448 ::: Opera 'Tea - Chakyouibun' Tan Dun Sakkyoku (2002) ::: music ::: Based on the historical fact, tea sketches the story of The Tail of Seyaco, a prince-cum-mank. Being suffering from "bitter love", Seiko crossed a cruel fate to achieve a cruel fate, meaning he teaches through tea rituals. But that is only half the story. A princess for Seiko's bitter love is also included, a sensual passion is so jealous that it ends in death, embarrassing rituals, and fierce struggle on an ancient book of knowledge. The Italian opera, Lash Western Orchasestation, a male "Greek chorus," Greek chorus, such as a collision, and the biological sounds of nature - water, paper and stones - songs - the song of tea - bring an ancient story in the 21st century by combining tea - tea.
449 ::: "Decades Rock Live" (2006) ::: music ::: This show will never take part in the legal battle between John Benma and Raisarak and Ray Manzarak and Rebbi Kreyer and Robbie Kreyer, as the doors of the XXI century, when this show is in order. During the band in the band D21C, they have announced the riders of storms, a new name during the gathering of the concert. It was the first episode for decades. Features of display, Janes Chenies' Perry Farrell, Macy Sazhge, Johilla, have passed through the roof and have been taken to Jim Morrison every time ... Very interesting ... Very interesting ... When Synchronizers are sent to Synchronizers Sync Sync, John Dissmore Synchronization As a result, the show will never be displayed on the TV and show respect for the lost episode doors, it will find the way to the aircraft, which eventually amazes everything.
450 ::: "Doctors of Rock" (2005) ::: music ::: A number of rock n-roll specials that have now been shot at the Academy of Art University in San Francisco. Every special honor is a legendary rock artist who was selected by a nomination committee from important experts in the music industry. The selected artist receives an honorary doctorate for their contribution to culture and the arts. The event was filmed in front of a live audience by students and invited guests and includes the doctoral presentation, a moderated Q&A between the artist and the audience as well as an exclusive doctoral concert.
451 ::: A Bayou Legend (1981) ::: music ::: The Opera of William Grant Still, which has been continuous for more than 30 years after its composition, is built by a professional company in Jackson in Mississippi, where college students from Jackson State College participate in college students from Jackson State College. Based on the Southern Folklore, Opera describes a young idealist who fell in love with a spiritual spirit. Jackson Symphony Orchestra conducted by Orchestra Leonard de Pour.
452 ::: Behind the Player: Tommy Clufetos (2008) ::: music ::: Detroit Bashre Tommy Clubetos has played drums for Ted Nudunt, Alice Cooper and Rob Zombie. Clufetos gives an intimate behind the scenes to look at his life as a professional musician - including rare photos and videos. Clufetos then gives a thorough drum lessons on how to play "Salem Masters" and "American Witch" by Rob Zombie and sow the Rob Zombie John 5 and Ozzy Osborne bass player.
453 ::: "Rock Eisteddfod Challenge" (2006) ::: music ::: Rock Eisteddfod Challenge is a series of dance and drama events organized around Australia by school students as part of the Global Rock Challenge. Its objective is to promote healthy lifestyle options, such as alcohol, drugs and smoking. Organized with the cooperation of teachers and parents, each participating school receives 8 minutes to tell a story on the stage, in the form of dance and drama, with sets, costumes and a pre -recorded contemporary music band.
454 ::: All My Friends: Celebrating the Songs & Voice of Gregg Allman (2014) ::: music ::: All of my friends: Greg Allman's songs and celebrations of VOICE is one of the most praised and favorite signs in the Rock and Role History, performing a lifetime demonstration. The Allman has a voice that has been echoing for four decades, the founding member of the Allman Brothers band and a successful solo artist. The concert includes Warren Hens, Derek Trucks, Susan Tedeshi, Devon Allman, Robert Randolph, Jimmy Hall, Sam Moore, Cab Mo, Brantley Gilbert, Jess Franklin, Demand John John, John Hiat, Jaimo. . . Shots in High Definition with 5: 1 Dolby Sound in Atlanta's Historic Tihasic Fox Theater pay tribute to a significant portion of a sound that has not been heard once.
455 ::: Rust Golem (2015) ::: music ::: Rust Golem is the world's first virtual reality music video to be filmed in 360 -degree live action! Guide your main characters when trying and escaping the Rust Golem dungeon, full of 8 -bit video game styles, full of magic, mystery and 8 -bit. Six separate ends and accurate display of rotoscopic handheld animation elements in the full 360 degree film. Rust Golem is a fun and ghostly adventure that begs to play again and again!
456 ::: Hawkwind: The Chronicle of the Black Sword (1985) ::: music ::: Hawkwind is probably better than the previous members, but nevertheless, at least from the viewpoint of the British music scene. Hawkwind, formed in the late 1960s, has achieved underground cult status with the counter part Pink Floyd (led by relatively stable Syd Barrett at the time) and a soft machine. At various times, all of the science fiction authors, Michael Moquock (seen in this video), Remy (continued to form a motor head), and cream stardom ginja baker were all members of Hawkwind. 。 From the early hit "Silver Machine" and "Urban Guerrilla" to the modern show in the underground rave and rock festivals, Hawkwind has been a wonderful creativity with unique sounds. Chronicle of the Black Sword is one of the most ambitious records in the past, and listens very much, but to really enjoy it, as in the early pink floyds, get a concert video along with Hawkwind. You need to watch. show.
457 ::: Skinny Puppy: Ain't It Dead Yet? (1989) ::: music ::: The Cyber-Punk Clade skin was made by Canadian Key (Kvin Crompton) and New Brand), several times to break and edit. Skin Puppy has 12 studio albums but the best known for the album (1992) the album and of course their best business album, "process" (1996) (1996) (1996) (1996). On January 6, the bandage a new album, "Misambucker" and will travel in North America and Europe.
458 ::: "Texas Music Scene" (2010) ::: music ::: The Texas Music Scene TV Series, a new broadcast television series is coming to your city that celebrates everything in Texas music. If you like Texas Music just as much as you like, you can finally be linked to a special video of an intimate performance with all your favorite Texas artists and disclose all interviews filmed on the Texas Music Sean sound stage. The Texas Music Scene TV series has both young artists and legends that have come to define this unique and surprising music scene. The legendary Ray Benson is the host of the Texas Music Scene Television series. Ray is the founder of the Western Swing Band sleeping on Welt and the front man, the winner of the 9 Grammy Awards. In addition to his work with Asleep on the wheel, Ray is also a skilled creator. There is also a founding member of the Ray Rhythm and Blues Foundation, who raises money to help older R&B artists, and a member of the Board of Director of the Sims Foundation, who offers mental health services to AUST Stein musicians and their families. He is also a trustee of the Texas chapter of the narcissist, a board member of the St. David Community Health Foundation and the founding board member of the health connection of AUST Stein Musicians (HAMM). No one can take you on the Texas Music Ride like Ray Benson - Join our weekly for the latest in True Texas Music!
459 ::: "Detroit Promo Television" (2014) ::: music ::: Detroit Promo TV is a technical show where artists talk about their motives and life options, while emphasizing the importance of dance music in an industry dominated by rap music. Detroit TV also displays the positive aspect of Detroit by displaying local works, art and everything positive in Detroit! The Detroit Promo TV mission is to create a fun and inhibit content and inspire their viewers. Detroit Promo TV provides the programming of the mind, entertaining the soul and fulfilling the void of music.
460 ::: The Zen of Screaming (2005) ::: music ::: In the early 1990s, an emotional and unrestricted movement of singers from underground would experience the maximum limits of the human voice. When adhering to Rock and Minerals for more than 15 years, Melissa Kroos has developed a sound training method since then by these artists who appreciate raw strength and passion over everything in their performance. It can enhance the leading scale sound technology and increase endurance without sacrificing density and individualism. By combining solid sound technology with pioneering audio exercise with the humor round and hanging behind the scenes, this DVD disk is fun as beneficial. The screaming screaming is the first of its kind tool that must have a modern singer for all species.
461 ::: Behind the Player: Shannon Larkin (2008) ::: music ::: Shannon Larkin is the explosive batteryist of the Godsmack band. Its special approach to batteries and the presence of the ballistic scene has made it a predominant force in the arena and studio. Larkin gives an intimate look back to the scenes in his life as a professional musician - including rare pictures and video footage. Larkin subsequently gives deep drum lessons on how to play "Straight of Line" and "Voodoo" from Godsmack and blocks tracks with Godsmack Robbie Merrill.
462 ::: Jane's Addiction: Live Voodoo (2010) ::: music ::: Live Live on Halloween Knight on Woodoo Experience of New Le Reliance Live Live, Live Woodoo Perry Ferrell (Voccules), Stephen Perkins (Drums), Eric Avery (Bass) and Dave Navar (Guitar )'s classic Jane's addiction line-up rejection. . . This stunning show tops the band on his highly praise with Perry Ferrell.
463 ::: Bluesbreaker (2007) ::: music ::: Rene is a local supermarket goalkeeper. Mr. It was directed by Morris, the head of the head store, from an orphanage, and Father Rene became unprecedented. Rene has a dream. He wants to be a great blues guitarist, like his idol, British guitarist in the 1970s. The blues seem to be the only thing that gives it fun, with the exception of perhaps a smile on the face of Natalie. It is the accountant. Riny in her love. He cannot find words to express his feelings, but he is convinced that he can win them with his music, when he is ready. When the master. Morris retires, the René scientist is turning upside down. His new boss dies, the guitar champion dies, and he failed to win the heart of Natalie. Only the blues can pull it through. Rene takes the appearance of the idol: his voice, style and mission. The voice of his guitar, his strong voice, his long silver hair and his angel -like face makes him a star of an imaginary audience. He has become president of the great guitarist. Rene is trying to keep the silver head hidden inside himself, but his dream inevitably controls reality ...
464 ::: A Swan Lake (2014) ::: music ::: Alexander Akman is an acclaimed international international dancer who is known and followed by his unique ability to pairing natural and playful humor. His multilateral talent is reflected not only in the movement but also in music, gathering light and collection in a beautiful and surprising way. He was introduced to the Zwaan Prize for the most dramatic dance production in 2010. His full -length ballet is a swan lake, nominated for a Benois de la danse 2015, a new look at Chaikovsky's classic work. On the scene, we see the Norwegian national ballet, which is the Danish fashion designer of Henrik Vibskov.
465 ::: Rock (2017) ::: music ::: 'Rock' - a genre of music or just bad luck? The hero of the film, who decided to win the Moscow musical Olympus are followed by both. This trio is not a band or team and, probably, they are not even friends. But this is just the beginning of their journey. The longer the heroes go away from home, the more dangerous their adventures and the people they meet on the road, the more men change internally. The movie is an adventure and search for itself, where the path to a dream has become the largest, most brilliant, most dangerous and not forget the adventure of their lives for young provincial musicians.
466 ::: El misterio de las lagunas, fragmentos Andinos (2011) ::: music ::: In the Venezuelan Andes region, he receives the stories told by the peasants with a good sense of humor, we will travel back in time, following the thread that created the legends, through oral tradition, magical realism and songs that They will reveal a collective conscience and the characteristics of their culture.
467 ::: Palazzo Ricci (2011) ::: music ::: Since 2001, the German 'Hochschule Für Musik und Tanz' has used the Palazzo Ricci, in the heart of the city of Montepulciano in southern Toscana, to organize the European Academy of Music and Arts. The film offers a summary of this unique German project in Italy that is completely concentrated in music. Presents young and talented artists from around the world, working together in a stimulating environment, participating in master classes with famous internationally acclaimed teachers and musicians.
468 ::: All My Friends: Celebrating the Songs & Voice of Gregg Allman (2014) ::: music ::: All my friends: celebrate the songs and voice of Gregg Allman captures a unique performance in honor of one of the most acclaimed and appreciated icons in the history of rock and roll. Founding member of the Allman Brothers Band and solo artist with full -fledged success, Allman has a voice that resounded for four decades. The concert presents important performances by Warren Haynes, Derek Trucks, Susan Tedeschi, Devon Allman, Robert Randolph, Jimmy Hall, Sam Moore, Keb Mo, Brantley Gilbert, Jess Franklin, Dr John, Pat Monahan, John Hiatt, Jaimoe, Taj Mahal , Gregg Allman, generalized panic, trace Adkins, Vince Gill, Martina McBride, Eric Church, Jackson Brown, Zak Brown and the Allman Brothers group with a musical direction by Don Was. Shot in high definition with Sound Dolby 5: 1 at the Historic Fox Theater of Atlanta, this remarkable piece pays tribute to a voice which, once heard, is never forgotten.
469 ::: Let Me Be Your Band (2003) ::: music ::: See what Bowie gives, melodies in Beck and inspires the cramps. It is a heartbreaking jump from a curvy West Virginian motorway that leads to the notorious one-man rockabilly-wild man Hasil Adkins. By Bob Log III, the former bus driver, was with the Delta Blues band with the punk-infused Delta blues to the washboard Hank, which occurs on its kitchen kitchen tuba, are all one-man gang that are documented are the only ones who can do what they do! Eric Royer's self-built 5-part blue grass band is a long way from his early days that play punk music with Rob Zombie ... right? Come and listen to the forbidden rhythms of the lonely organist, Mayor MC Ca and the mysterious asthmatic avenger. Witness of the only one-man one-women band in the world and is overwhelmed by King Louie Hurricane of Sound.
470 ::: Earth Wind and Fire Live at the Venetian (2013) ::: music ::: On August 30, the leading multichannel retailer HSN continues to have a marketing agreement with their innovative multi-conceert, Venetian Las Vegas, which maintains the next HSN, which has multi-plotum, International Superstars, Earth, Wind & Fire and Special Guests. Earth, Wind & Fire from now on, then & Forever, their latest CD, Live, Omni-Platform HSN Live concert display tracks at 11 pm. (Estimate).
471 ::: "The Patti Page Show" (1956) ::: music ::: Patti Page's guests are comedian Bob Hope, Acrobats The Christianis, singer Guy Mitchell, physical comedian Walter Dare Wahl and Emmet Oldfield, comic musician Joe Mais and his cords. Set on a picnic and sings "Young at Heart", "The Wayward Wind", "It is so peaceful in the country," conquest "and" detour "with Mitchell. Hope makes a monologue and shows a clip from his new film" Certain feeling. "Choice and oldfield are confused.
472 ::: Rebel Invazion (2013) ::: music ::: "Rebel Invazion" gives a glimpse into the dissolute but talented world of rapartists and urban models established in Cleveland. It follows the antics of World Star Hip-Hop Vixen and Straight Stunting Cover Girl Beautiful the Beast, to see Rapartist Mall Tsunami, as well as the sexual escapades of J.O. The film is full of a variety of designs, including Grammy & American Music Award winning rappers Bone Thugs-N-Harmony.
473 ::: "Playboy's Beach House" (2010) ::: music ::: The beach house of Playboy TV transforms a vast Malibu -Huishuis into the ultimate party paradise. Bikini-clad playmates, famous musicians, topless party girls and the sexiest beach visitors in social stop in and get wild. With foam fights, a nude bouncing house and performances in the swimming pool of artists such as Lil Jon and LMFAO.
474 ::: Imagine: John Lennon 75th Birthday Concert (2015) ::: music ::: In honor of what John Lennon's 75th birthday will be, Blackbird Presents and AMC imagine you: John Lennon 75th Birthday Concert, an all-star concert event that celebrates the message of music and veteran music icon. One-Night-Cow Concert Event Tapping was held on Saturday, December 5 at the theater at Madison Square Garden, and was specially broadcast on AMC at ET/PT on Saturday, December 19 at 9:00 pm. With a stellar lineup, the show included very special videos by the remaining members of the Beatles, Paul Mcartney and Ringo Star. Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award-winner Kevin Beckon was the special guest host of this star-filled event.
475 ::: Hawkwind: The Chronicle of the Black Sword (1985) ::: music ::: Hoquind is probably more known than their former members than their current ones, but they are still an important rock band, at least with regard to the music scene in the UK. Formed in the late 1960s, Hoquind achieved underground cult status, along with colleagues Pink Floyd (led by the relatively stable Sid Barrett) and the soft machine. At different times, science fiction author Michael Morkock (who was seen in this video), Lemi (who continued to form Motorhead) and Ginger Baker from Cream Stardom were all Hawkwind members. From their early hits, "Silver Machine" and "Urban Guerilla" to their contemporary shows played at Raves and Rock Festivals underground, Hawkwind continues to be a great creative power with unique sound. The chronicle of the black sword is one of their most ambitious records so far and great listening, but to really enjoy the concert video must be and watch because with Hawkwind, as with the early pink flow, the visual show was half of The Show.
476 ::: The 43rd Annual Grammy Awards (2001) ::: music ::: Grammy - Musical Awarding of the American Academy of Audio Registration, was founded by the American Association of March 14, 1958 Sound Companies, Grammy is given each year as a result of voting by authorized members of the "Registration Academy".
477 ::: Cosmic Psychos: Blokes You Can Trust (2013) ::: music ::: For 30 years, searching for a mammal moves moving around the playing ears dance to the dance dance. From the foregoing armor finds a family farm that makes the family in the Nations in the country of Victoria, those groups left the special sound and the closed image all. The showcase is used! Draw their album when the group falls in 'Seattle' of the end of 80 likes Pearl Jam, Muctoney and Melvins. It never found their success of their early counterparts, the groups held hard to the USA and Europe grateful and delivered. Psychus Psychos are beautiful for the right to drink, receiving a good name of warning -. But it's shining in Giggles. The tight sheets and Blub Bills The bottom of Walsh produced changes in their new albums and albums are out of way out, and treated a lot of referral Robbie Watts on 2006. It is in Dan Muller and Drums and John 'Macca' McKIG by looking after Guitar's work, and entertainment is found in the Mintlight. Commerce, father, large , and Frontman. His story alone, and shows by his thoughts are a unique symbol of lack of hymns.
478 ::: "The Hot 10" (2011) ::: music ::: Chuck Nice gives viewers a fresh look at what is hot in fun while counting down 10 hot videos. The hot 10, Centric's Flagship Entertainment Asylum, is a one-hour weekly series, where viewers are guided by the host, Chuck Nice, through the hottest topics, trends for the modern Centric audience, while it counts 10 hot videos of the week. Every week, Hot 10 will look at what is happening now in and around pop culture for Afro -American. Chuck Nice will conduct in-depth interviews with some of the greatest celebrities in the entertainment industry. These celebrity interviews will be strategically talking about the latter, current or future projects or social initiatives that are important to the Central Audience. Coming from some of the most sexy locations and the most hip -dinner events from all over the country, Hot 10 will give viewers a look at the hottest music, movies, books and celebrities as they will look at 10 of the hotst videos S Not only will the "The Hot 10" give viewers a look at what is a trend now, but the show will take a short trip on the memory bar of what was hot and how it affected what is hot. Hot 10 is the source of what is hot in entertainment and culture for Centric's modern Adult audience.
479 ::: Rock 'n' Roll Greats: Starship Featuring Mickey Thomas (2004) ::: music ::: Even backstage passes could not get closer to the scene for the long -awaited return of Mickey Thomas and Starship - see them for the first time for decades at Rockfest of four days of Tennessee, where some of the most influential groups Rock and roll The story was recommended on the stage to recover a new generation.
480 ::: No Sozopol: Claustrophobia (2012) ::: music ::: A young man struggles to understand the secrets of the universe and finds his mood that has been compromised by his persistent abuse on the roots of life. Between science and religion, he is broken from his studies, which to fix the Rubics Cube, which acts as a microscope of his mental agony.
481 ::: Movin' with Nancy (1967) ::: music ::: Connected as the "full-hour musical spectacular that won Nancy Sinatra the Hollywood Star of Tomorrow award," this 1967 NBC-TV Special, sponsored by Royal Crown Cola, is hosted by Nancy and features of Dean Martin, Sammy Davis, Jr., Lee Hazlewood and Frank Sinatra (paid as a 'very close relative'). Brother Frank, Jr. make a Cameo appearance (and don't sing a note). Absent from the program is Nancy's biggest success: "These boots are made for walkin".
482 ::: "Lightmusic" (1983) ::: music ::: The singer/songwriter Richard Rossi plays two of his original songs from his "New Wine" album, and Tom Green interviews him about "Matthews Party", a controversial spiritual support group Rossi who meets in bars and discusses the Bible.
483 ::: Tony Bennett: Duets II (2012) ::: music ::: To celebrate his 85th birthday, Tony Bennett (1926-) sings with 14 performers for CD 2011, "Duets II". Bennett travels for everyone, they try and we see a full pickup. Singerdo singers comments on what to sing with Tony, each sign music with a birthday desire. Sometimes those in front of the jazz quartet of Bennett, sometimes they are supported by an orchestra. Among the numbers, CD manufacturer Phil Ramone talks to the camera about the nature of Bennett's duets and style. Tony also comments, mentioning, for example, that this is Amy Winehouse's latest registered performance. Jorge Calandrelli adjusts the songs. Cinematography includes a lot of closeness to singers and musicians.
484 ::: Supersilent 7 (2005) ::: music ::: 7 is a concert film by the Norwegian band Supersilent. Recorded in Oslo in August 2004, it is the first video release of the band after four albums (1-3, 4, 5, 6), all released on the Norway Rune Grammophon label. This is a completely improvised music, sometimes very noisy, sometimes very quiet and ethereal, and always very beautiful.
485 ::: Pop, Lock 'n Roll (2017) ::: music ::: Raps is an ambitious hip hop dancer on the street in a poor neighborhood who believes that money is everything. He obtained a lucky break and rises as a professional artist, but when he falls in love with the beautiful Brazilian wife of the gangster producer who makes his career, he will have to risk his career and his life to find real happiness.
486 ::: "Galaxy Superstar" (2012) ::: music ::: Galaxy Superstar is a talent audition show that discovers Indonesian talents who are totally interested in K-pop and dreams of becoming a star like K-Pop idol groups. The selected finalists of the survival audition show to Korea to complete a strict training system that has produced very popular Korean pop stars. The 6 finalists of 3 months of training in Korea were founded as a group of girls, see above.
487 ::: "360 Sessions" (2010) ::: music ::: The mega hip hop star shows its hometown, Long Beach, California, while talking about its problematic past and illustrious musical career. Make successes of your album 'Malice in Wonderland' and offers a preview of its short film of the same name.
488 ::: Deep Sleep & Relaxation (2010) ::: music ::: Breathe in slowly and relax in a deep healthy sleep with the deep sleeping and relaxation DVD - specially made for activating the calming Delta brain waves that make a good night of peaceful deep sleep possible. Deep sleep and relaxation offers scene after scene of proven relaxation landscapes that are designed to de -stress and calm the viewer and improve the sleep experience. A light breeze stirs in a late afternoon Napa -Wijngaard, a pastoral environment with grazing sheep, clouds cascade and gollow to the horizon, the dusk of dusk along the Pacific coast overlooked by a lighthouse, endlessly development of star fields fade into the cosmos . Professionally filmed in High-Definition, wide screen, deep sleep was specifically produced for use by hospitals, clinics and health facilities throughout the country and is now approved and available for private-not-recipe use by people who suffer from insomnia or looking for a calm way to relax and prepare for sleep.
489 ::: Brulé, Live from Mt Rushmore, Concert for Reconciliation of the Cultures (2008) ::: music ::: The DVD BruLé (Paul Laroche) and Airo (American Indian Rock Opera) "Live at Mt. Rushmore: Concert for reconciliation of the cultures" presents images of one of the deepest Native American concerts to ever take place. This DVD was filmed in front of an audience of more than 11,000 people at Mont Rushmore National Monument in July 2007. The concert itself was conceptualized during almost 10 years by one of the best Amerindian registration artists of the whole world, Paul Laroche, burnt alias. "Concert for the reconciliation of cultures" combines beautiful music with breathtaking Amerindian rhythms and dance while delivering the unmistakable message of peace, hope and reconciliation between cultures. It is really one of the most captivating and powerful Native American performance ever taken on a film.
490 ::: Tuscan Skies ~ Andrea Bocelli ~ (2001) ::: music ::: BOCELLI plays ten songs for a loose structure. After the hurly burly of a metropolitan concert, he longs for the silence of his rural coastal home in Tuscany. He returns and sings on site; As he sings, he remembers his childhood, especially his relationship with his playful and attentive father and his joy for horses. He also remembers an afternoon of lovemaking in a remote villa. Time in the studio that "L'Abitudine" takes up with Helena and rounds off this portrait of a local son at home with his two sons.
491 ::: "The Chart" (2004) ::: music ::: The table was the weekly music show on five, which really reflected the musical taste of its viewers. By Anita Rani and Sam Delaney. This interactive show made it possible for the audience to vote for their favorite singing and albums, and showed the entire range of chart music.
492 ::: Zen Garden: Serenity Relaxation & Meditation (2012) ::: music ::: Zenkantanism presents Zen Garden - DVD for relaxation and meditation of Serenity, capturing the calm beauty and harmony of Zen gardens, a scene in the breathtaking scene and is the best DVD for the relaxation of deep cooling. The Japanese bridge attracts the viewer to enter a world of sublime bliss. Bamboo water spout is emptied endlessly in a virgin granite pool. A gentle breeze sends pulsations through a pond. Bonsai trees and Japanese lanterns (Ishi Doro) are softly sculpted by wind and time. Representative of a greater universe and called "Mindscapes", Zen Garden -Serenity Relaxation & Meditation DVD offers the most peaceful world for internal contemplation. Due to the success of Zen Garden's original DVD, Serenity has beautiful new frames and a relaxing soundtrack. Transform your personal environment to endless calm, with one of the most bloated DVD atmospheric landscapes ever produced - Zen Garden - Serenity Relastion & Meditation DVD. Shot in High Separation, Palm Garden - Serenity Reselpation & Meditation DVD skillfully captures the quiet harmony of some of the most landscaped gardens in the country. Relaxing natural sounds of water, wind and birds emphasize the meditation nature. An optional music song using the traditional Japanese Instrumentation Evokes a Sense of Calm and Peacefulness. ENTER INTO A World of Inner Tranquility and Contemplation with Zen Garden - Serenity Relaxation & Meditation DVD. Zen Garden - Serenity Relaxation & Meditation DVD Features: - 1 Hour of Tranquil Zen Garden Scenes Evolving Slowly - Automatic Play - Just Load and Delight - Automatic Cycle Function - Nature Song, mixed with Nature Song Just use an audio button on DVD Remote to switch songs) - shot in high resolution - wide screen format - plays on any DVD player or computer with the ability to DVD
493 ::: Stevie Ray Vaughan & Double Trouble: Live from Austin, Texas (1995) ::: music ::: Stevie Ray V AU does not present live on the "AUST Stein City Limits" show with its triple double difficulty. Two separate shows of "Live from Aust Stein, Texas" "in Stein City Limits", one of the 1983 and a separate show of 1989. The show includes von classics like "Pride and Joy," "Texas Flood," "The House is Rockin '," and "Crossfire."
494 ::: The 40th Annual Grammy Awards (1998) ::: music ::: Grammy - Music Award of the American Academy of the Audio Recording, was founded by the American Association of Sound Recording Companies of March, March 14, 1958. Grammy was awarded each year following the vote by the authorized members of " Recording Academy ".
495 ::: Red Apples Falling (2009) ::: music ::: Uncensored to the life and music of Rap Harlem, Jim Jones and Biardeg. Matrix, Sandman, NOE, Diplomat Records Freeky Zeky and Chinak Santana maker make up the most dangerous assembly of talent and muscles to emerge from NY streets for decades. Their real -life stories, discovered in tough interviews by Anej Martinez, woven the big and large realism between music music. This mixed media collage is a fascinating next installment of Ethan Higi and Adam Bahla Louf filmmakers.
496 ::: Multi-Color House and Friends Live at the American Stage Company (1987) ::: music ::: Multi -colors of the house, a group of St. Petersburg, Florida, three sets, lives on July 25, 1986 at the American scene company. These series are separated by short films and films, produced by Jonathan Morrill, and live performances. By bands and musicians in the region, including Frank Sherman, Lance Rogers and marked.
497 ::: Tony Bennett: Duets II (2012) ::: music ::: To celebrate his 85th birthday, Tony Bennett (1926-) sings 14 artists for the CD "Duets II". Bennett travels to each, they rehearse and we see a complete take. Every singer comments on what it's like to sing with Tony, each draws sheet music with a birthday wish. Sometimes they are Bennett's jazz quartet in front, sometimes they are supported by an orchestra. Between songs, the producer of the CD Phil Ramone talks with the camera about the nature of the style of Duets and Bennett. Tony also notes and notes, for example, that this is the last recorded performance by Amy Winehouse. Jorge Calandrelli controls the numbers. The cinematography includes many close-ups of singers and musicians.
498 ::: Piano Grand! A Smithsonian Celebration (2000) ::: music ::: One track helps at 300th antaic memories of the Thero's Rate meeting, the magnificent and demonstration of this application. "Piano man is Billy Joel and tee before the audience in Washington, D.., relatives and verbal appreciation and glory.
499 ::: Il Trittico (2009) ::: music ::: This one -year night is like a luxurious three -course dinner that is prepared by the master and promises something for everyone's taste. Since 1952, San Francisco spectators have had a rare opportunity for creators to intend to the entire creator and enjoy this unique work with ideal casts. "James Robinson was smartly supervised and led to a bold lyrics by Patrick Summers," said San Francisco Chronicle. The victory of Soprano Patricia Returet, many San Francisco Opera, contains her sharp portraits of Cio-Cio San in Madama Butterfly, working on all three soprano roles. San Francisco Chronicle). According to the three diverse soprano, "Letet has modified the quality and tone of her shining muscular sound. The role of Suu Angelica is a real soprano showcase, vocalism and emotionalism. It is a master exercise with both specific properties, and the ratet rises brilliantly. Challenge. "
500 ::: The 31st Annual Grammy Awards (1989) ::: music ::: Graphy - American Academy of audio registration is awarded the award by the "Registration Academy" by the "Registration Academy".
501 ::: George Shearing: Lullaby in Birdland (1992) ::: music ::: Finally, a full -length concert on the DVD of this Jazz Piano Legend, which was shot in 1991 in The State of the Art Digital and Audio Productions at Paul Mason Winery. Sheering's artistry is occupied forever because he and Bass Sensa Neil Swenson caressed the Gathagit of Rhoders and Hart and Hoga Caromicial, and swinging on Charlie Parker's Bebop. Selection: -Freedom JazZ Dance -Why did I choose you? -This is not romantic -Donna Lee -Memphis in June -Burdland in Lullabis -Muz The Mach
502 ::: Superjoint Ritual: Live in Dallas, Texas (2002) ::: music ::: Pantera lead vocalist Philip Anselmo formed a superial ritual as another vehicle to express his passion for the heavy Metal largely brutal, and this home video captures the band on stage In Dallas, Texas on the tour after the tour after using their album once and destroying. The band rotting through eleven hard and heavy tunes, including "Your Love Drug", "Take no guts", "everyone hate everyone", and "hunger journey".
503 ::: Symptomology of a Rock Band (1994) ::: music ::: Grammy nominated rock band The crash test dummies start to suffer bizarre pathological symptoms caused by their new fame.
504 ::: Lene Lovich: Live from New York at Studio 54 (2007) ::: music ::: DVD includes performance in all cases, the thoromen in SYPS 44 and blinder and brinking it hard with the examination of his voice in a bright manner of singing Time can dream. Of this movie, Stephen has always with love of my favorite movie. That brings a lot of birds make it calling reders are higher than C. "
505 ::: Il Trittico (2009) ::: music ::: This one -year night is like a luxurious three -course dinner that is prepared by the master and promises something for everyone's taste. Since 1952, San Francisco spectators have had a rare opportunity for creators to intend to the entire creator and enjoy this unique work with ideal casts. "James Robinson was smartly supervised and led to a bold lyrics by Patrick Summers," said San Francisco Chronicle. The victory of Soprano Patricia Returet, many San Francisco Opera, contains her sharp portraits of Cio-Cio San in Madama Butterfly, working on all three soprano roles. San Francisco Chronicle). According to the three diverse soprano, "Letet has modified the quality and tone of her shining muscular sound. The role of Suu Angelica is a real soprano showcase, vocalism and emotionalism. It is a master exercise with both specific properties, and the ratet rises brilliantly. Challenge. "
506 ::: Phobia (2009/I) ::: music ::: There is something you need to know (the wolf) of the wolf's corner. The wolf is cold logic in my world and it's its story. Live the Lord yesterday - depression obtains so many people. Many spend all life hiding inside in fear and forgetting to live life while they have time to do it. In this world - in this world, we were all born to die alone. On the sad facts of life. We are here alone and our journey through life is the one we do alone. We never really know other people and in this world, we can never trust anyone as long as we cannot even trust ourselves. Do you ever? - On lost dreams, everything you have not done with your life and all your regrets. A sad cat bouncing between dance flowers is the story of Bouncycat Grim. The world according to the old desperate cat with all its playful. The cat likes to live, he likes to play, having sex and the whole of being focuses essentially on all the pleasures of life. He is the one who flirts with you in a dark pub or the one you meet in bed or even in your worst nightmare. WHO? WHAT? OR? - On mental illness. About this chaos living in you. All confusion and anger. All your sadness of living and the desire to end life. This kind of phobia - animals, confusion and twisted words
507 ::: Go Tell It on the Mountain (1964) ::: music ::: Play Yardbirds: "Louise"/"I wish you would do it". Play Peter Paul & Mary: "Go on a mountain"/"Puff the Magic Dragon" and a selection of Bob Dylan songs. Johnny Duncan and his Bluegrass boys play: "Every time I need your wife"/ "My grandfather watch"/ and "Ruby"
508 ::: "The Bongo Boy Rock N Roll TV Show" (2011) ::: music ::: Bongoto Boy Rock produced by musician and bung fruits and music director, the director of the monik fruit and music, about two dozen syndically stations around the Pirji-based company. While the other cable access shows the artists the artists in the manston, absence, absence of and other metropolities in six days.
509 ::: Emporio Armani: A Private Party (1996) ::: music ::: Giorgio Armani Celebrity invited the party, the fashion show and the concert celebrating the opening of Madison Avenue, in New York of the flagship store of Giorgio Armani. Featured artists include The Wallflowers, The Fugees, Angelo, Joaquin Cortes, Me'shell Negecello, Eric Clapton and Sheryl Crow.
510 ::: VH-1: Pop Up Video 80's (1999) ::: music ::: The show follows the format of the regular "POP P-Up Video" (POPP-up in music videos during the Trivia POP-up) is the 80s. A lot of fun if you grew up listening to the music of that era.
511 ::: "Rockin' in a Hard Place" (1985) ::: music ::: Many bands have been specified in the early bands in their carrier, including Los Angeles, New York, San Dian, and other ... Finally C.'s C.b.st. For a Danny Krush for the Danie Crush for Danie Crush for Danie Crush? Penollish ("Western Civilization Cambers") "The Danolic Charisics" The sunrise "dick Clark". Action as the Black Sabbath Day, Kind Brunei, Molis Creek, Bon Creek, Bon Creek, Bon Creek, Bon Creek, Bon Creek, Boon Circ, Fever. Started as a local t.V. Rewards, interviews and the signature of local and large destination signature.
512 ::: "Cruzin TV" (2004) ::: music ::: "Karzai TV" is a exhibition that finds the culture of motor display. To D and Eurocraft, each exhibition takes urban culture and procedure. Shows that was shot in the studio, showing in the car, coach festival, concert and others. Interviews with artists in Jagan, artists registration, features, features and more
513 ::: Can U Feel It: The UMF Experience (2012) ::: music ::: Can you feel that this is the UMF experience on a big screen. This feature of feature about the new generation is seen through the world's largest DJS eyes. Domestic, David Gutta, Carl Kax, Aerogeic, Fordec movie you are at the same time and in the same time and in the same time and specially mix with dance music and Feel the whole world. Amma is the world's electronic music festival. This is like an electronic dance music (EDM) and every year for the world in the world for this last experience in Miami in the world for this last experience in Miami The world's largest artist and lovers of the world in the world in Miami in Miami. "It's the biggest dance party in the world" relationship about the UMF. "David Gyota says:" The whole world is to dance in the world of dancer and the dance music of the world and make the energy of the amof experience. Do you feel this? * Capital The Movie was shot in 2011 in 2011.
514 ::: MusiCares Tribute to Neil Young (2011) ::: music ::: At an event in 2010, Neil Young was recognized as a music by musicares. In this event, many Mossus recognized for decades of service provided by Neil for the music industry by performing some of his wonderful songs. Among the artists Keith Urban, CSN, Norah Jones, Dave Matthews, James Taylor, Sir Elton John and Lady Antbellum and many others. A concert in 2010 to celebrate Neil Young's contribution to the charitable music and efforts. Among the artists John Fujeriti, Keith Urban, Dave Matthews, James Taylor, Elton John, Nora Jones, Elvis Costilo, Wilko, Ben Harper, Jackson Brown, John Milnkamb, Crossbi, Straks and Nash.
515 ::: Vintage Reggae Bash: Brooklyn 1983 (2007) ::: music ::: The DVD includes films from the incredible Regi festival, held at the Historical Empire Roller Skate Skate Center in Brooklyn, New York around 1983. The collection includes a collection of legendary artists such as big youth, Leroy Spokes, Ken Bush, Delvi Wilson, Tinga Stewart, Roman Stewart. , The Blues Busters - Lloyd Campbell and Philip James and Max Romeo. This 30,000 -square -foot location, a place for REnegades in the early 1970s, was a de Facto community center where teens came after school and families spent the weekend. This place was perfect for hosting such an important historical music event like this.
516 ::: American Ballet Theatre in San Francisco (1985) ::: music ::: The American ballot theater dances a few pieces from the third action of Paul Taylor's "Aires" at the War Memorial Opera House in San Francisco, the third action of the "Swan Lake" performed by two pass-de-dooks-Fernando. Bujones and Cynthia Gregory; And Sir Kenneth Macmilon's Romeo and Juliet, Natalia Makarova and Kevin McKenzie - Antony Tuder's "Jardin Ox Lilas" and finally, "Great Galloping Gotschank" by Lin Taylor.
517 ::: Motown 30: What's Goin' On! (1990) ::: music ::: Tapped before the audience in the pentage theater, 'Motown 30: What is' on! 'It has a tribute to live music to Detroit's recording company on its 30th anniversary. Star-studded television celebrates the achievements of its entertainers from the end of the 1950s to the end of 1990.
518 ::: Hall & Oates: The Liberty Concert (1985) ::: music ::: Just before direct aid, on July 4, 1985, Hall & Oates went to the Liberty State Park in Jersey City, New Jersey as part of the Liberty concert, where they had a beneficial outdoor concert for the restoration of the statue of freedom. This has become a major music event that draws an estimated crowd of over 60,000 people.
519 ::: Wineskin, Live at Puck: Doylestown, PA (2009) ::: music ::: On June 7, 2008, Winesin's Sold Out, The Great American album, The Great American Album, CD release show is finally here. Depending on the foothills of the box county, Wineskin is a ever -developing music machine. The band is a four piece, and often more than the sum of its parts. Proudly waving the flag of rock-n-rol, they craft songs with a unique cloth that comes from it. They decorate the American music landscape and attract it on rich heritage and styles. From the Gathagit of the slow country to the rock -run rock songs. They can play a ragtime feeling tune and like a space ship hovering at your house in the next minute sound.
520 ::: Utada United 2006 (2006) ::: music ::: J-Popprinses Utada Hikaru has not had live tours for centuries. However, that all changed with the launch of its national Utada United 2006 tour. Live with High-Vision technology during her performance in the Saitama Super Arena, the atmosphere, the excitement and 21 of the tracks of Utada are now available for home. With her Oricon No. 1, colors, Hikaru and Sakura Drops plus many other favorites touches, Hikki addiction is guaranteed from start to finish with this powerful DVD release.
521 ::: Django (????/II) ::: music ::: Jazz's tribute and also his permanent ability to promote hope in black. Based on a true story, "Jango" is a reckless, inflamed Gipsy Swing Gitarist's music biography, not only an unlikely ship to accommodate the hopes and dreams of war in war, but also the most influential guitarist.
522 ::: All the Way from Michigan Not Mars (2009) ::: music ::: A lyrical investigation by Indie singer Rosie Thomas' search for an expression of truth, combining songs of complaining melancholy with sharp-family chatter and Sheila, her bizarre stand-up alter ego. With the help of intimate live performances with colleague -Songwriters Sufjan Stevens and Denison Witmer as a path, Mars is a meditative exploration of the unique brand of Thomas.
523 ::: "Winter" (2017) ::: music ::: EP.1 - "Enemy at the Gartentor" - Synopsis We are welcomed in the world of three separate strangers, which are connected by a topic - human connection. Soon the cracks show as an inner conflict with love, loneliness and threatening darkness. EP.2 - "China Cup" - Synopsis Our well -known strangers are hindered by their own fear and begin to slide deeper into the dark. Hopefully separate yourself from yourself and your world you will not get lost completely. Ep.3 - "Lever at my side" - Synopsis, which fights for understanding, placement and determination where our strangers find comfort and connection in their darkest hours. Ep.4 - "Whispering Tree" - Synopsis We see the potential for new beginnings in relation to loss, vulnerability and relationships both new and old.
524 ::: CMT Star: Filthy Rich Countdown (2008) ::: music ::: A special peak in the world of country music superstars. The show will eventually evite these modern cowboys and the extravagant life of girls. Behind the first-hand interviews, personal accounts and footage of the curtains, each episode will give you a close and personal appearance of the life of these idol mega-museians. Experience what really means to be a country star in today's vanity and overwhelming world. From Rest Restaurants to Ranches to Ranch, there are some to do the country's music very well, though the celebrities of the earth .... How much do these stars earn and what do they spend on it? 75,000 dilar from day to day ... $ 14 million mansion. Let's just say that the superstars of this country are just making millions and they are spending it too.
525 ::: "Nugs.Net Live Stash" (2016) ::: music ::: Every week, the episode has one stenner of the genre living in iconic places and festivals. Dimutes with Jumtronica with Jumtronica this Sunday, and then there was a panic in the red rocks that have become legendary red rocks next week. In the aftermath of Boston, Bob Mayer, Mayer, Miki Hart and Bill Creusson, as well as Chris Robinson, Chris Robinson.
526 ::: Musical Comedy Tonight II (1981) ::: music ::: In the neck of American musicary, "Sweetheart," Sweetheart, "and Mrs. "There are also different sides discussions of the games.
527 ::: Celtic Thunder: Voyage (2012) ::: music ::: Celtic Thunders Voyage takes the public in a journey through variable styles of Celtic and Irish music, traditional standards like Lagan Love and Maid of Culmore to more contemporary Irish songs such as the whole day and Galway Girl.
528 ::: Neverender: Children of the Fence (2009) ::: music ::: From October 22 to 25, 2008, Coheed and Cambria play four nights at Terminal 5, New York. At each of these four dates, the group interpreted one of their conceptual albums telling the story of Amory wars. The first four discs of this set of DVD captures these performances, in front of closed windows, in their entirety. In addition, a fifth disc presents a documentary from the concert series.
529 ::: "Decades Rock Live" (2006) ::: music ::: As the doors of the 21st century, when the show was taped, John Densmore and Robbie had never broadcast in the legal battle between Robbie Cryiger. The band could no longer perform under D21C, and during the concert tapping, they announced a new name called riders on the storm. This is the first episode of decades of rock live series. In this demonstration, Perry Farrel, Masi Gray, Vanilla Fudge, John Sabastian, Antigon Rising and Pot Travers and Stormy at night, the power of Jim Morrison paid tribute ... Very strange ... In fact ... Producers, John Densmore blocked synchronization clearance, and as a result, the exhibition never broadcast on TV. The "Lost episode" at the end of the day is the way to Airwaves ... This concert surprises everyone.
530 ::: One Night for One Drop (2015) ::: music ::: One Night for One Drop is a completely original production and is only one night with artists from each of the 8 LAS Vegas Cirque Du Soleil production alongside the famous guest presenter John Legend. The opening event was manufactured and manufactured in 2013 by Crista Monson. In 2014, Mukhtar O.S. Mukhtar produced and produced the second version. After another interesting success, he returned one night for a drop in 2015 and was once again produced and created by Mukhtar O.S. Mokhtar this third version was held on Friday, March 20, 2015 at the Beatles Theater in Mirage.
531 ::: "Beyond the Groove" (1990) ::: music ::: A businessman is sent on a journey of music discovery through the U.S.A, meeting a variety of music characters, including David Stewart, Annie Lenox, Bob Geldorf, Harry Dean Stanton?, And others. A well -pleasant film to see - if you appreciate music talent.
532 ::: KISSology: The Ultimate KISS Collection Vol. 3 1992-2000 (2007) ::: music ::: The legendary Hard Rock Band Kiss publishes its third and last episode of the Kissology DVD series. From 1992 and 2000 the fans are spoiled with many of their best and loudest live appearances. Also some extras and surprises on the 5 -CD set. Return are Paul Stanley, Gene Simmons and there are also appearances from other band members in the past and present.
533 ::: Sammy Hagar & the Wabos: Livin It Up! (2006) ::: music ::: Sami Hagar and Wabos - Livin 'It's Live! - Live in their sold in St. Louis, a live -in on US tour, Semi and Wabos bring home with their new album, Livin It Up, as well as some of Sami's famous solo work songs. The legendary Van Halen Beasist, joined the stage in the second half of the show by Michael Anthony, passed through some classic tunes of band rock radio. "I can't drive 55" and "Mass Techilla" to "Start" and "Now" to finish, it's a big kabo party with "Red Rocker"!
534 ::: Tony Bennett: Duets II (2012) ::: music ::: To celebrate his 85th birthday, Tony Bennett (1926-) sings with 14 artists for the 2011 CD, "Duets II". Bennett travels to each one, rehearse and see a complete shot. Each singer comments on what it is like to sing with Tony, every score firm with a birthday desire. Sometimes they face Bennett's jazz quartet, they are sometimes backed by an orchestra. Among the numbers, CD producer Phil Ramone speaks with the camera about the nature of Bennett's duets and style. Tony also comments, pointing, for example, that this is the last recorded performance of Amy Winehouse. Jorge Calandrelli organizes the songs. Cinematography includes many first planes of singers and musicians.
535 ::: CMT Star: Rides (2009) ::: music ::: The series chronic these modern days cowboys and girls' lives. Behind the first hand interview, personal accounts and curtain footage, each episode will give you a close and personal look in the life of your favorite country artist. Feel what it really means to be a country star in today's world.
536 ::: Beartooth: Live in Columbus (2017) ::: music ::: HomeCaming Show on Beretooth Express Live on November 11, 2016! In Columbus, Oh. It is not just another performance that serves as the end of their 2016 aggressive trip, but to the emotional repatriation they playing the platform they are going. Since their early days of playing jam-packed basement shows, BerTooth always adapts to their roots. The raw emotion that goes into each show represents what BerTooth is; Every night gives fans an unforgettable direct experience. Bertooth: Live in Columbus has 14 direct exhibitions that extend their catalog, and they describe their journey from each band member and musicians. Beretooth played shows sold worldwide, with their sophomore album aggressive billboard number 1 on the alternative chart and 3rd on the billboard rock chart after its release.
537 ::: Tina Landon Behind the Moves (2003) ::: music ::: The choreographer to the Stars, Tina Landon, and her top dancers are the most symbolic and award -winning music video choreography created for artists such as Jennifer Lopez and Shakira. Take you through a dance session (breaking step -by -step steps). Britney Spears, Samantha Mumba, etc. The DVD also features an interview with Tina Landon and Tina Landon's tribute from these recording stars.
538 ::: Trip: Remix Your Experience (2005) ::: music ::: Travel is a threat. Back in 2001, Frank Otto and Bernt Köhler-ads produced primarily for these songs to drive different to art. Two-story readers and final results will be different from the process of other songs and finish for more than 74rler-ads to have been in a 25-year play groups. Each of them used their equipment, their voice and heart to add another color and all. One way - someone takes. But the picture came. Over the next 4 years, 33 33 33 33 characters supporting the first time of the cinema. "Know". And as a picture of (film), the water travel), playing the bottom of "music. At the end of the devices to produce Ecsstasy of the image. Violence of music, doing things movie and theaters continues to continue continuing continues to date.
539 ::: Korn: Live (2002) ::: music ::: To celebrate the publication of his tenth studio album, The Path to Totality, the legendary Rockers Corn made a live crowd at the famous Hollywood Palladium. The exhibition displays the band in the top form, released like landmark songs like "Freq on a Leish" and "Falling Away from Me", as well as new smash hits, including "get up". And "nursystystic canbal."
540 ::: "Texas Music Scene" (2010) ::: music ::: Texas Music Scene TV series, a brand new broadcast television series coming to your city that celebrates all the things of Texas music. If you love Texas music as much as we love Texas music you can finally stay connected to all your favorite Texas artists with an exclusive viewing of intimate shows and revealing all filmed interviews in the stage of the Sound of Texas Music Scene. The TV Scene Texas series includes both young artists and the legends that are about to define this unique and wonderful music scene. The legendary Ray Benson is the host of the Texas music scene series. Ray is the founder and front husband of the band of a West Swing Bike, a winner of 9 Grammy Awards. In addition to his work with bicycle asleep, Ray is also a producer performed. Ray is also a founding member of the Rhythm and Blues Foundation, which raises money to help aging R&B artists, and a member of the Sims Foundation Board of Directors, which provides mental health services with Low price to Austin musicians and their families. He is also a trustee for the Texas Naras Chapter, a member of the St Davids Community Health Foundation Board, and a member of the Founding Board of the Health Alliance for Austin Musicians (HAMM). No one can get you on a Texas music ride like Ray Benson-Join Us Weekly for the latest in Texas's true music!
541 ::: En vanföreställning (2011) ::: music ::: Arm Alcqvist, Swedish singer / Son and transit on the Czech Republic in Level in Malmö, Sweden. Mysterian music in the back of the bank, where the broken heart is broken in the broken characters and congregated, resulting from happy end. Ai Alqvist has moved to the US and Euroa and the Americans call and the European music is calling.
542 ::: The Rage Factor: Rage Against the Machine Live from London (2011) ::: music ::: There are traditions for the 70s for the annual musical event in the UK, a diagram of "Christmas №1". This is the most sold music in Christmas Day, many artists and music industries seek to this parking lot every year. Bets were received, songs are written, especially for who it is to know who he has had thousands of time to count on national radio census. Since 2005, he has been dominated by true TV shows "X factor" and this tradition began to disappear. In November 2009, the fans decided that John and Tracy Morde were enough. Instead, the social networking campaign has begun. He attracted more than a million followers around the world, all over the world. The campaign in 2009 brect the Christmas of Great Britain, fighting more than 29 carries a car selling trucks ... Opening against a car that went to London for this historical gig
543 ::: Aayna Ka Bayna (2012) ::: music ::: They walk the tighlight between the good and the bad. They are hungry for recognition, fame and respect. They are immensely talent but absolutely rough. Their special gift is the smarts of the road and the art of survival. They are patience and all charged to capture their share from what it is if they win the race of all their lives. These 9 boys with missing childhood, in a minor house led by a tyrant guard will dance to passion, hope and make their dreams a reality. Exorcension of their past demons, the 9 boys that society has left, reach the stars. Will their rebellion pay? Will they become masters of their fate? They walk the tighlight between the good and the bad. They are hungry for recognition, fame and respect. They are immensely talent but absolutely rough. Their special gift is the smarts of the road and the art of survival. They are patience and all charged to capture their share from what it is if they win the race of all their lives. These 9 boys with missing childhood, in a minor house led by a tyrant guard will dance to passion, hope and make their dreams a reality. Exorcension of their past demons, the 9 boys that society has left, reach the stars. Will their rebellion pay? Will they become masters of their fate?
544 ::: The Gospel Live Concert (2005) ::: music ::: Anthony's intention of the Anthony's Gospel plan, the Gospel of the Gospel in the planet Mary, Kiki Silner, identifying Muniki and others! Also showing this red color and celebrities and celebrities apply VININE and all the stars of the movie plan.
545 ::: How to Make It in the Music Industry: Steps to Stardom, Vol. 1 (2006) ::: music ::: Behind the doors and in the mind of the original label A & R, the recorder. With the CEO, entertainment lawyers, sound engineers, managers, promoters, distributors, celebrities and producers who artists such as; Michael Jackson, Beyoncé, Motley Crue, only to name a few items. Learn how to convert yourself into a million dollar asset of industry managers such as Arista Records, Bad Boys Entertainment or TVT Records and many more. From this informative tool, you will get valuable information, commercial secrets and step -by -step guidance for each person to reach the stars.
546 ::: California Jam 2 (1978) ::: music ::: On March 18, 1978, an estimated crowd at 250,000 gathered at Ontario Motor Speedway to attend a festival all day bringing together nine of the most popular hard rock acts at the time. They went from hard -established hard rockers such as Aerosmith and Ted Nugent, the Latin sounds of Santana and acts to come in the form of heart, foreigners and Rubicon. This special is a condensed sampling of events that occurred that day and not only show many artists to their peak, but also how crowds were entertained between acts with paratroopers as well as skaters performing half a half -very primitive hip. Huge rock concert with around 250,000 people present and starring rock artists such as: Aerosmith, Ted Nugent, Foreign, Rubicon, Heart, Santana, Dave Mason and Bob Welch. Was turned directly at the event and broadcast later as two ABC-TV specials.
547 ::: Roy Orbison: Live from Australia 1972 (2005) ::: music ::: This rare concert is Melbourne, in 1972 in the festival in Australia, the legendary Roy Orbison will support all orchestras in his personal group. After any masterpiece with stable complaints, this dynamic performance is full of classical hits, large ballads and powerful rockers. See one of the best rock roll singers of all your time as you can see!
548 ::: Elton John in Central Park New York (1981) ::: music ::: Text and Central Mega and Central Party NY, written on September 13, 1980. One of the largest looking, including the best camera, including shot and helicopter.
549 ::: "Bluegrass Underground" (2011) ::: music ::: The volcano range from the volcano room below 333 feet below 333 feet below 333 feet below the McMinville in Tennessee at the historic Camberland Cauvers. The diversity of America's musical heritage is celebrated with artists with artists: Yes but America, Country, Spirit, Blues, Rock N Roll, Gospel, Folk and everything.
550 ::: Hispanic Youth Showcase 2008 (2008) ::: music ::: Showcase for talented youth of Spanish heritage. Inspired by Elvira Ferrer from Newark New Jersey. The competition section of the showcase is held in the New Jersey Performing Arts Center and prizes are awarded in the names of Latin Greats Beatriz Rodriguez, Celia Cruz, Tito Puente, Cuban Pete and Rita Moreno. Former youth program Kat de Luna returns to celebrate the young artists.
551 ::: Inside Death Row (2008) ::: music ::: Tour the office, see 2pac as he shown the booklet for All Eyez on me for the first time, these thoughts about they wanted to meet Tony Danza at the Grammy Awards, accompany 2PAC and Outlawz for a session of Photos, and watch as 2PAC and Michel'le are behind the Boards in the studio while Jewel sets the choir on a 2pac song and MC Hammer that is not heard! See also exclusive never before I saw interviews with 2pac, Suge Knight, Michel'le, and more! Watch how 2PAC discusses his life only 3 months after swinging in prison and signing Death Row, listening to his comments on Deloris Tucker, Bob Dole, and his teammate Snoop Doggy Dogg and more! Listen to how Suge explains his plans for Death Row and the so-called war with Bad Boy! Listen as also as Suge Knight and Hammer Conversate about his album too tight and how Hammer belongs on Death Row.
552 ::: Europe: Live at Sweden Rock - 30th Anniversary Show (2013) ::: music ::: This concert, which was shot at the Sweden Rock Festival in June 2013, is not only a massive show of the biggest hits in front of 30,000 people, but also on the band's 30th anniversary. They celebrate by playing 28 songs over their entire career. Between the heavy rock songs, they also set themselves for an emotional acoustic set that gives this otherwise massive arena show an intimate feeling.
553 ::: Super Bowl XLVI Halftime Show (2012) ::: music ::: 320 hours of renovating, Pop Star 'Madonna (I) (Q H) (Q H) (Q Hang, Nici Minej' (Q Hang), Nici Minej '(Q H.I.' ((Q In 'Cycle green' (QV) join a party.
554 ::: Hans van Manen Festival (2008) ::: music ::: Hans Van Manen's festival was held by the Dutch national ballet in September 2007 to celebrate the work of Choreographer Hans van Manen in his 75th year. International guest artists from companies such as Kirov Ballet, Bayerisches Staatsballett (Munich) and Nederlands Dans Theater have joined the Dutch national ballet to perform some of Van Manen's most celebrated ballets. This gala event includes shows from internationally renowned ballerinas Uliana Lopatkina and Lucia Lacarra, and the brightest stars of the Dutch dance including Larissa Lezhnina and igone de Jongh of the Dutch National Ballet and the young talent -The Nederlands Dans. Recorded to Het Musiektheater, Amsterdam, with footage and behind-the-scenes interviews.
555 ::: We Day 2017 (2017) ::: music ::: We day expression of their movement. It accepts the stadium around the world. It's lively wide. This lack. It encourages the United Nations Unknown Speeches and awarded the awarding actor with an unacceptable change with incredible changes.
556 ::: "Detroit Promo Television" (2014) ::: music ::: Detroit Promoco TV is a techno program where artists talk about their motivations and life choices, while emphasizing the importance of dance music in an industry dominated by Rap music. Detroit Promoco TV also shows Detroit's positive side by showing local businesses, art and everything positive in Detroit! The Detroit Promoco TV mission is to create content that entertains, educate and inspire its spectators. Detroit Promoco TV offers programming that expands the mind, entertains the soul and meets the music void.
557 ::: "Non mais t'as vu ce que t'écoutes" (2011) ::: music ::: Non Mess T'Aas Vu Ce Que T'ecoutes is a French YouTube series. It consists of Linksthesun and his friends. Non -Myce T'As Wu C QT'Cuts Link reviewed music from the most famous French artists that uses a good sense of humor and criticism.
558 ::: Mastodon Live at Brixton (2013) ::: music ::: On February 11, 2012, Mastodon took the stage at the London's O2 Academy, Bieston stopped the band's world tour for their fifth studio album "The Hunter". This is the first appearance of the band in Brickston. Their latest songs "Curl of the Burl," "Black Tongue" and "Dry Bone Valley", in addition to the band dug into their catalog "Birchmen's colony," "Capillarian Crest" and "Iron Tusk". Critics say that this 23-song set list will capture the "intense performance of dark riffs and crushing chorus." Rolling Stone "" The Hunter "contemporary radio rack still shows how the inession is made of accuracy and solemn energy."
559 ::: "The Starland Vocal Band Show" (1977) ::: music ::: The comedy/varied alternative summer show, hosted by the popular group in Washington, DC (Bill, Tafi Danov, John Carroll, and Margot Chapman), one wonders ("in the afternoon", one of the former former public) struck that began as a backup group of John Denver. The comedy was primarily provided by the veteran satirical in the capital, Mark Russell and David Litrman, who had the first to be subjected to this program.
560 ::: DIO: Finding the Sacred Heart - Live in Philly 1986 (2013) ::: music ::: "Finding the Sacred Heart - Live in Philly 1986" was shot on June 17, 1986 in the spectrum in Philadelphia in the second stage of the "Sacred Heart" tour with the new guitarist Craig Goldy. The show was first exhibited in a edited form on VHS and then in DVD. Now the full concert is published for the first time in the original running order, which is restored from the original 16 -mm film and with remastered sound. It is an extraordinary live show with a huge animatronic kite that protrudes across the stage and spectacular laser and pyrotechnics. As always, Ronnie James Dio is in a good voice and the band delivers a blasty live performance with tracks from their first three albums alongside Black Sabbath and Rainbow Classics. This is a must for every dio fan!
561 ::: Nutcracker on Ice (1998) ::: music ::: The Nutcracker is the story of Clara, a little girl who receives a doll of hazelnut crusher as a Christmas gift from her godfather. Through magic, the doll returns to life in her dreams and takes her on a magic journey. The hazelnuts Clara Clara saves the mouse king, and it will be kidnapped and takes Clara to the charming queen of ice queen, "Snow and Sweets". There, the Plum Plometers meet sugar and beautiful waltz flowers. Clara wakes up from her dream on Christmas. Do not miss this classic, which has succeeded in life by the global ice ski team in Randy Gardner and Tai Babylonia and many other stars.
562 ::: Pop, Lock 'n Roll (2017) ::: music ::: Raps is an ambitious street style, hip -hop dancer from a poor neighborhood who believes that money is everything. He gets a happy break and rises as a professional entertainer, but when he falls in love with the beautiful Brazilian wife of the Gangster-Kom producer who makes his career, he has to risk career and life to find real happiness.
563 ::: The Angel and Daniel Johnston: Live at the Union Chapel (2008) ::: music ::: In July 2007, Daniel Johnston made a very acclaimed appearance in the Chapel of the London Union, described by The Evening Standard as "... nothing less than impressive." Adjustable productions now present the highly anticipated film of this concert: 'The Angel and Daniel Johnston - Live at the Union Chapel'. With the support of a selection of friends, including the notable talents of James Yorkston and In addition, the early collaborator Brett Hartenbach and an specially gathered group of underground British musicians, Daniel offers definitive interpretations of favorites of the amplitude of his career, such as' True Love Will finds at the end ',' walking through the cow 'and "some things last a long time." New songs such as 'Mean Girls ...' E 'Treat to Love' are introduced and a new brightness is taken to some gems so far overlooked like "Go" and "Living Life".
564 ::: Sarah Brightman: Harem - A Desert Fantasy (2004) ::: music ::: Sarah Brightman's harem ways are brought together in a set of music videos, intermediate videos, with interviews from the artist himself. This will be taken to special exotic locals, including in Egypt and Morocco, including the desert imagination of Sarah, to your eyes.
565 ::: A Brulé Christmas (2012) ::: music ::: "Abrulé Christmas" is an attractive holiday concert that provides attractive messages of cultural peace, unity, and reconciliation while combining modern native American music with traditional rhythm and dance. Blue rules stirring music stands alone in beauty, emotions, and mental messages in combination with breathtaking native American dance and stunning drama. This live performance, shot on the beautiful RFD-TV of Branson, Missouri, captures the true essence of the Blule mission and explore the common basis between culture. In this concert, 15 songs will appear from the award -awarded modern American music catalog.
566 ::: Red Apples Falling (2009) ::: music ::: Focusing on the life and fear of Hartem Rap Hero Jerer Jersya Jim Jornya Jim Jorny and his son Diongang. Rappers I matata, no, noy, the Diploma shows the Freeyky Chreky and a dangerous manufacturer and nerve roads in a decades. Their life stories reveal that interviews are encouraging by the Aensie Martinez who enjoys Gritty is the main threat between music. Mixed ads mixed the next island with a show of Ethan's film and the film of Adam Bahala Lotbe.
567 ::: Swan Lake: The Kirov Ballet (1996) ::: music ::: In 1990, Klamic Kirov's Klamic Kirov's Klamic Kirovo production of Klamic Kirovo, Corporate Courses, where Siegfried has martial arts, finally, Won Rotbart and in the morning in the morning. Yulia Mahalina stars, now Odette / Odilda and Igor Zelenki, now International Star, Prince Siegfrid.
568 ::: "Galaxy Superstar" (2012) ::: music ::: Galaxy Superstar is a Talent Audition Show that discovers Indonesian talents who love K-pop entirely and dream to become a star such as K-Pop Idol groups. The selected finalists of the Audition Show of the Survival Type Travel to Korea to undergo a rigorous training system that Wild has produced popular Korean pop stars. The 6 -month finalists of 3 -month training in Korea were founded in a girls' group, S.O.S (abbreviation for the feeling of the stage).
569 ::: The Dean Martin Christmas Special (1980) ::: music ::: Songs and sketches include: Gibb, Martin, Sills, Tillis & Estrada - It is an extremely unusual day, Martin & Sills - Marshmallow World, Gibb - Time Time, Gibb & Martin - Medley from Liedern, Estrada - The Marvelous Toy, Gibb, Gibb, Martin, Sills, Tillis & Estrada - everyone has a small song, then identifications, gibb - let us turn again, gibb - macNamaras band, gibb, estrada & tillis - stop! In the name of love, Martin & Sills - you want, Tillis - Southern Rain, Gibb, Martin, Sills, Tillis & Estrada - Hey Good Lookin ', Martin & Sills - She is a bit of land, Gibb & Tillis - at any time, gibb, Estrada & Tillis - King of the Road, Martin & Sills - for the good times, Gibb, Martin, Sills, Tillis & Estrada - let the world disappear, Gibb, Estrada & Tillis - Escape (Pina Colada Song), Sills - Sills - Opera Medley, Gibb, Martin, Sills, Tillis & Estrada - here is for you.
570 ::: "Klub 10" (1988) ::: music ::: Weekly countdown, ten and a top young, weekly pop pop, which includes executives of all parts of the yogslavia. The series focused on the discovery of new and promising actions alongside rock and pop presenters, given the live studio audience and heavy accent in the audience's interaction.
571 ::: "Detroit Promo Television" (2014) ::: music ::: Detroit Promo TV is a techno -based show where artists talk about their inspiration and life choices while rap music emphasizes the importance of dancing music in the industry dominated. Detroit promo also shows the positive side of TV Detroit, by displaying local business, art and everything in Detroit! The mission of the Detroit Promo TV is to create content that entertains, educate and inspires its viewers. Detroit promo offers TV programming that enhances the mind, entertains the soul, and void the music.
572 ::: Marty Robbins: Music Anthology (2008) ::: music ::: Marty Robbins, a Country Music Hall of Fame Inductee and Grammyž Award winner, performs 15 of his biggest hits in their entirety. Long praised as the first "Renaissance man" of Country Music, Marty Robbins did it all; He was a singer/songwriter; Had Records touched on the pop, land and gospel maps; Was a teenage idol, movie star, racing car driver and host of his own television series. The father of "Gunfighter Ballads" had a diverse career that spanned three decades, with 94 plates and 15 number one hit numbers. His musical performance and inheritance as the perfect entertainer will still influence artists in the coming generations.
573 ::: Parade of the Dead (2010) ::: music ::: In 2010 a virus spread throughout the population of the world by turning survivors into foolish zombie. Around the same time of these apocalyptic events, hill hoods would make a DVD for their album 'State of the Art'. As civilization collapsed, the hoods were so self-involved that they made their DVD anyway.
574 ::: Destination Lounge (2006) ::: music ::: Rare and exclusive film from cityscapes, Hiplounges, High Fashion, Native Fashion, Street Culture and Native Culture and more.
575 ::: Hooray for the Madness (2006) ::: music ::: In the internal entry in the Harakat-City Saintic Show In the Internal Login In the Internal Login in the Internal Login in the Mini Street, Minnesota. This live broadcast does not introduce the authoritative film and moving through motion through motion through motion and see from clothes. The interviews are broken by parts of the music activity.
576 ::: Chicago and Earth, Wind & Fire: Live at the Greek Theatre (2005) ::: music ::: Legendary group teams Chicago and Earth, Wind and Fire created the 2004 Summer hit hit. Playing in places sold 10 strokes in the graph. All the excitement from the latest show of the tournament was caught in high definition for this extraordinary DVD, filmed in Los Angeles at the Greek Theater.
577 ::: Der dunkle Mensch (2010) ::: music ::: 'Dunkle Mensch' is a work of art with video showing a freestyle dancer only in a black box filled with disco light and the sound of dark intense technique mixed with a German voice. Music composed by Andreas Mjos. Texts written by Jorunn Myklebust Syversen.
578 ::: Earth Wind and Fire Live at the Venetian (2013) ::: music ::: On August 30, the leading multichannel retailer HSN continues to have a marketing agreement with their innovative multi-conceert, Venetian Las Vegas, which maintains the next HSN, which has multi-plotum, International Superstars, Earth, Wind & Fire and Special Guests. Earth, Wind & Fire from now on, then & Forever, their latest CD, Live, Omni-Platform HSN Live concert display tracks at 11 pm. (Estimate).
579 ::: NHL Face-Off Rocks Concert (2008) ::: music ::: Legendary rockers deppard dePard Detroat's 2008-2009. It appears directly from the Fox Theater in Montreal with a concert, and by the Monitor of Alan, the Alys Morisette satellite in Canada.
580 ::: Phil Collins: Going Back - Live at Roseland Ballroom NYC (2010) ::: music ::: Filmed in June 2010 in the intimate environment of the famous Rosaland Ballroom in New York, this is a real opportunity to approach and personal when Phil Collins faithfully recreates the classics of the soul and Motown who loved when I was a teenager. His band includes three from the original Motown The Funk Brothers: Bob Babbitt at bass and guitarist Eddie Willis and Ray Monette, as well as two unconditional of the live shows of Genesis: Chester Thompson in the battery and Daryl Stuermer On guitars.
581 ::: The Mountains of Madness (2006) ::: music ::: Are the summit worth climbing? A musical journey through the world of H.P. Lovecraft, tells the passages of LOVECRACHT's stories, told by the illustrations of Picciotto, the music of the Tiger Lillies and the Soundscapes and the narrative of Hacke.
582 ::: Urban Struggle (????) ::: music ::: Based on Jerry Roach's true story and the infamous battle of Cuckoo's Nest. World known as the birthplace of Slam Dancing "and his position against the City Hall, this unlikely crusader and the scene that he activates have forever changed the history of rock and roll.
583 ::: Green Day: Awesome As F**K (2011) ::: music ::: Green Day recorded every show during the 21st -century breakdown tour. When it concluded, the band members, singer-guitarist Billie Joe Armstrong, bass player Mike Dirt and drummer Tre Cool saw through all the shows to deliver the best versions from all over the world. The video images were recorded in the show of the band in Tokyo, Japan. The package includes the biggest hits of Green Day and fan favorites, including "21 Guns", "American Idiot", "" When I come around "and" Good Riddance. "
584 ::: "Rockin' in a Hard Place" (1985) ::: music ::: Many bands could be seen very early in their career, such as Alice in Chains, Pantera, Warrant, Guns & Roses, Megadeth, Jetboy, etc ... The show was syndicated in more than 20 large markets, including Los Angeles, New York, San Diego, Cleveland, New Jersey, etc ... In the end this led Danni Krash to work for C.B.S. Records as manager of A&R. Penelope Spheris (director of "The Decline of Western Civilization") called Danni Krash the "Dick Clark of the Sunset Strip". Acts such as Black Sabbath, Wasp, Ozzy, Whitesnake, The Doobie Bros., Motley Crue, DIO, Betuite Riot, Bon Jovi, Cheap Trick, Marillion, Kiss, all came to the show and in most cases fans and supporters became of the Show. Started as a local T.V. -how by Danni Krash on Cable T.V. (This also led to Danni Krash that shot live performance images, interviews for most major record labels, as well as CNN, E.T., VH1, Hard and Heavy, etc.) With live performances, interviews and behind the scenes of local and large signed acts .
585 ::: "Mik Schacks hjemmeservice" (2001) ::: music ::: You special about Dane's favorite: beer and saasages! There is no distinctive doonenes to spend more products (e.I. Beauty to average paish Beer) but when it comes to the sausages, they prefer to be cheap and flabby. Mik Skick takes the challenge to the double.
586 ::: Ena Pá 2000, 20 Years Pedaling on Dung (2005) ::: music ::: On November 30, 2004, on the day the Portuguese government collapsed, Manual Joo Viera and his satirical rock band Ana Pa 2000 (Holy Cow 2000) celebrated their 20th anniversary with a mega concert in the Paradise Garage of Lisbon, in which Tony Barakuda, the Tony Barakuda. Special guests include, raw fish eaters; Sexy Miss Suzy Peterson with his theater erson and Phil Mandrix, Portugal's incomparable guitar talented.
587 ::: How the Beatles Changed the World (2017) ::: music ::: An interesting story of cultural, social, spiritual and music revolution by the advent of Beatles. These four band members find the influence of their original Britain first and immediately after worldwide, re -prepares the band, and follow their way from youth subversives to counteract heroes. The most notable band in the history of documentary music and his permanent impact on the popular culture, depicting fresh, revealing interviews as well as rarely seen archival footage with major colleagues.
588 ::: Get Happy (1973) ::: music ::: TV Special, hosted by Jack Lemmon, which took place 90 minutes and aired on February 24, 1973 in a wizard of Oz. 'Arlenland' and with everything in color. He then started a trip to find Harold Arlen and meets Diahan Carol, Johnny Matisse, Dina Shore, Cas Elliott and Doc Severnsen, who performs various songs by Harold Arlen. Jack eventually finds Harold Arlen and the show ends with the song "Over the Rain". Get Happy has been a Special TV since 1973, hosted by Jack Lemmon, who was made to pay tribute to composer Harold Arlen. In an Oz wizard, resembling OZ, the show starts with everything in black and white, and with Jack Lemmone it is kicked out of a broom and when he wakes up, everything is in color. Jack discovers he is in Arlenland and starts a trip to find Harold Arlen. Along the way, Jack encounters Diahan Carroll, Johnny Matisse, Dina Shore, Cas Elliott and Doc Severnsen, who everyone performs a song by Harold Arlen. In the end, Jack finds Harold Arlen, and the show ends with the song of Arlen Classic "Over the Rainbow".
589 ::: Gorgoroth: Black Mass Krakow 2004 (2008) ::: music ::: The famous Gorgoroth Gig will witness in Krakow, Poland (February 1, 2004), daylight! Gorgorch, the Norwegian black metal band, drew the attention of the international media in early 2004 after its display in Krakow. They were accused of "insulting religious feelings" during the party, as well as suspects that he penetrates into the Polish law regarding the protection of animal rights by using the heads of cut and stubborn sheep as part of their design on the stage. The DVD has Krakow as the main feature. In addition, it includes additional video materials - Live at Full Force Festival, Leipzig, 2000, CV, Discography, Photo Gallery, Desktop Pictures, Web Links, Dolby Digital 5.1 peripheral and more !!!
590 ::: Thick as a Brick Live in Iceland (2014) ::: music ::: Jethro Tul's famous concept album "Thic aez a Brick" was originally released in 1972 and a continuous track spread over two sides of an LP, which is telling the story of a young boy named Garald Bosock Was. In 2012, 40 years later, Jethro Tull founder and leader Ian Anderson "Moti 2 as Moti: Whatever happened, Garald Boscock?" After this release, Ian Anderson took both albums on the road to showcase the full story of Gerald Bostock and the tour's concert was shot in Iceland. The show connects music, video screen and mime to bring the story of Garald to life and make a definite presentation of "thick as thick".
591 ::: "Havoc on the 101" (2007) ::: music ::: "Violation at 101" is a new interactive video show of Directv, which combines text voting for SMS-text and text voting with text and underground music videos. "Demolition at 101" was divided into four different episodes: "Havoc MixTape"; "HAVOC equivalent"; "Havoc Vinyl"; and "Havoc sports".
592 ::: American Ballet Theatre in San Francisco (1985) ::: music ::: The American Ballet Theater dances some pieces in the War Memorial Opera House, in San Francisco, such as "Airs" by Paul Taylor, Dos Pas-deux: The black swan duo of the third act of "Swan Lake", played by Fernando Bujones and Cynthia Gregory; and Romeo and Juliet of Sir Kenneth Macmillan, danced by Natalia Makarova and Kevin McKenzie, "Jardin Aux Lilas" by Antony Tudor and, finally, the "Great Galope Gottschalk", organized by Lynn Taylor -Corbett.
593 ::: Gypsy: Live from the Wildey Theatre (2017) ::: music ::: The St. Louis area has long been considered by fans and band members as Gypsy's home away from home. O 11 April 2015 Gypsy returned to the historic Wildey Theater in nearby Edwardsville, IL to play two sold -out exciting shows. Here presented in 16: 9 image quality and sound is a rarely recorded evening of one of the largest original Jambanden, who plays their hearts in one of their best material. Layered vocal harmonies, virtuoso instrumentation and a murderous horn section shine on classics such as "Dead and Gone", "Blind Man", "Gypsy Queen Pt. 1", "Tomorrow is the last to be heard" and much more.
594 ::: KISSology: The Ultimate KISS Collection Vol. 3 1992-2000 (2007) ::: music ::: The legendary solid rock band echoes its third and final premium of the Kissology DVD series. Fans are treated for many of the best and highest live offers from 1992 and 2000. Including some additions and surprises to the five disc. The return are Paul Stanley, Jin Simons, and there is also the appearance of other band members in the past and present.
595 ::: Scooter (2006) ::: music ::: A large DVD collection of live concerts. Tracklisting: DVD 1: "Live in Concert" 01 Intro 02 Hello! (Good to be back) 03 I am encouraging 04 Apache Rocks the bottom! 05 The main horse 06 shake that! 07 Underwear wanted 08 weekends 09 peeled 10 Maria (I like aloud) 11 The Chaser / Jigga Jigga! 12 more difficult scooter faster 13 I will text 14 (always hardcore) 15 fire 16 how much is fish? 17 Hyper Hyper 18 Run your ass! DVD 2: "Videos" 01 Apache Rocks the bottom! 02 Hello! (Good to be back) 03 suavemente 04 one (always hardcore) 05 shake that! 06 Jigga jigga! 07 Maria (I like Loud) 08 Night 09 Weekend! 10 I miss 11 The Logic Song 12 Aiii fired the DJ 13 Posse (I Need You On the Floor) 14 Hi The Sun 15 I'M Your Pusher 16 Fuck The Millennium 17 Faster Scooter 18 Call Me Manana 19 I was Made for Lovin 'are you 20 we are the biggest 21 fish? 22 NO FATE 23 AGE OF LOVE 24 FIRE 25 Break up 26 I'm raving 27 Rebel Yell 28 Let me be your Valentine 29 back in the U.K. 30 endless summer 31 friends 32 Run your ass! 33 Hyper Hyper
596 ::: Britney Spears: Greatest Hits - My Prerogative (2004) ::: music ::: This DVD includes any music video that Britney Spears has ever filmed until its release on CDs of its biggest hits. Twenty videos are included, including her first video "... baby once again" on the video of her remake of "My Prerogative". Videos that have been broadcast outside of North America are also included. Also, for the first time, video footage of the unfinished video of "outrageous" is revealed. This DVD not only gives you 20 Britney videos, but also gives you special features, bloopers, karaoke features and alternative receptions for some videos. Check out the full set of Britney videos, all of a DVD.
597 ::: Tanya Tucker: Live at Billy Bob's Texas (2005) ::: music ::: Tanya Tucker played on the legendary Billy Bob's Texas stage, and thousands of fans sang all her hits, so she is still a country music. I was informed why I was a monarch. Her classic production of her cross -sole hit "Delta Dawn" was fascinated by the noisy standing ovation song, just like all the song she played that night. A new generation of fans exposed to Tanya's music through the appearance of country sensation Gretchen Wilson was very young and full of energy. When the night was closed and Tanya walked gracefully from the stage, the crowds of Billy Bob's Texas knew they had witnessed the history of them. Tanya is the ultimate Texasstar, a true legend of country music, and a hero of all the "country women in the countryside" because the stars are brightly shining in a lonely star.
598 ::: Glennis Grace Live in De HMH (2012) ::: music ::: 2012 is a special year for singer Glennis Grace. She has not only produced her most personal album (This is My Voice, # 2 in the Dutch album Top 100 Chart), but she also played, for the first time in her career, live in a show to Complete closed counters at Heineken Music Hall (Amsterdam). More than 5,500 people attended a spectacular show where Glennis outdoed himself for 2.5 hours. During the concert, she was supported by her group of 10 people and her colleagues Edwin Evers, Lange Frans and Candy Dulfer. The actor Jandino Asporaat, performing like his alter Ego Judeshka, took care of a hilarious surprise act. The beautiful voice of Glennis Grace deeply touches the public, the reactions are ecstatic, the criticisms launch lots of praise.
599 ::: Alternative Eurovision (1998) ::: music ::: The 4-channel held its "Eurovision" Eurovision "Eurovision" in the official event of London. Channel 4 version 4 is located in the fields from the EU and coming. Winners - topics - Very young Sophie Ellis Beckstore.
600 ::: "The Swift Show Wagon with Horace Heidt and the American Way" (1955) ::: music ::: Expected by Bandleader Horace Heidt, it was a variety of show and talents emanating from a different state every week and presented fun from the location where the show was broadcasting from that week.
601 ::: Thank God for Chris Penn (????) ::: music ::: Chris Penn (not with the late actor of the same name or Sean Penn), a common owner of Dallas Texas' Good Records. With a series of well-orchestrated efforts and many telephone calls and emails, the book signing is expanded by an output of billion dollar babies, whereby the band consists of the surviving original members of the original Alice Cooper Group without the famous singer. Without promise or guarantees by Alice Cooper, Chris himself has prepared the possible reunification of his favorite band since childhood. In the night of the event, good records with so many Alice Cooper fans are packed for the rafters, some have to watch the windows from the outside. The excitement escalates when they anticipate the possible arrival of the author of Shock Rock. Partial documentary and a partial concert film, this film contains appearances from the legendary night at Good Records.
602 ::: In Performance at the White House: Chorus Lines (1988) ::: music ::: Presented at the South Law of the White House, organized by the president and Mrs. Reagan, this PBS series concert "in the presentation at the White House" presented Broadway Show Tunes. They include "Sit yourself, you are shaking the" boys and dolls "," If i loved you "of" Carousel "," until you were "The Music Man", "Nothing a Smot A Dame" by "Pacific South "and the song of" Oklahoma! "
603 ::: An Evening with Dennis DeYoung and the Music of Styx (2014) ::: music ::: Dennis Deyung is a member of the styx and the leader reads in seven of the seven tops to drop. "Borny", "he is a singer, textbook, the author of the writer and records do more than for 40 years. His voice is one of the most important and fears today and moves new generations of the new movie. DeYouns and one will make the movie shows the movie that shows the styx the greatest planting structure on Los Angeles.
604 ::: Brian Wilson Presents Smile (2005) ::: music ::: Brian Wilson, a genius in advance on his musical time, created the album of Beach Boys Concept (unpublished) "Smile" with musical themes never created musically at the end of the 60s over 10 months. This is the documentary of his process with interviews with his team, notably Leonard Bernstein, and many other musical lights. Some of the songs have made Beach Boys albums. So sad that he has never been released. It is said that it was the most unprecedented legendary album is not a story of popular music. The release date would have been in January 1967. As a solo artist, Brian reinterpreted the project for concert performances in 2004./ In October 2011, the album of "The Smile Sessions" was released containing an approximation of What the finished smile of Beach Boys could have seemed based on the structure of Brian Wilson presents a smile. In 2013, he won the prize for the best historic album at the 55th Grammy Awards.
605 ::: Cosmic Psychos: Blokes You Can Trust (2013) ::: music ::: For 30 years, cosm mental illnesses of cosm fluffy of the emptyer bear cuddly pieces of candy and the drama of the ears of the ears around them. With inspiration with the bulldozer with inspiration with inspiration with inspiration, he reacted on a particular voice and reached anywhere with a punk stone lovers. IConic label soup pops! Their second album is published when the band is at the time to find the main success of the 40-late currency. Kotam mental illness to their ability for their ability to ability to ability, never open as a warning - "never drunk with 'psychos". But it was not all the shut and gigs. A heavy withdrawal with the Bormer and Founder and Foundable Member was resulted in his new album as another Walash. They have been raised by several record labels, and with all the misfortunes of the grinding robes to be strengthened with a din-moleler in a horman and John 'Legica Cassemic's care of the task care: The blocks you can do that you can follow that the color of the dand coloring color, as well as the man who leads the bulldozer who leads the bulldozer. Farmer, father, weighted, and leading love. Only his story, and he said from his sight that is a special picture of the possibility and rape of possibly and rape.
606 ::: "Musikladen" (1972) ::: music ::: The German translation of the show was: The Music Shop. It was a West German music television program from 13 December 1972 to 29 November 1984. The show continued the Beat-Club of the 1960s under a new name, and in turn was replaced by additional-tour. As stated, 90 episodes were broadcast. All episodes were produced by Radio Bremen and directed by Michael Lakebash. In a common episode of the show, there were usually several live performances by guest musicians, and lasted for about 45 minutes. Some episodes were long, and some were short. In the 1980s, music videos were shown with live performance. ,
607 ::: Rory Gallagher: Live at Montreux (2006) ::: music ::: Disc One features trucks in 1975, 1977, 1979, and 1985, and DISC TWO has the entire 1994 concert and previous bonus coated trucks. Tracklist: Disc One 1975: 1. Tattoo Doody 2. Gava Giman 3. Credit Llock 4. Falling 5. Coin laundry 1977: 6. 。 11 Have you ever read me away? 12. Pistol slapper blues 1979: 13. Shinkiker 14. Last of Independent 15. Mississippiquex 16. Alcohol 17. Shadow Play 1985: 18. Bad Penny 19. Moon Child 20. Bunker blues 21. Philby 22. Walking Blue Disc 2 1994: 1. Continental Op 2. Moonchild 3. Who 4. Loop 5. Tattoo'd Lady 6. May have had a religion 7. GHOST BLUES 8. Out on West Hirano 9. Surprising blessings 10. Walking Blues 11. Kentucky Blue Moon 12. From the handle 13. Messin 14. I am ready. 2. There are too many alcohol 1977: 3. In Nishihirano 4. Barley grape & rug /pistol slapper blues 5. Go to my hometown in 1985: 6. Walking Blues Customer Review of 1995 until the tragic early death at the age of 47, this double DVD is a decisive loli, combining his breakthrough in the mid -70s. -Create a gallager live collection.
608 ::: Rammstein: Paris (2016) ::: music ::: For two nights in 2012, Rammstein sold two consecutive shows in the Bercy Arena historic in Paris. Documented by more than 20 cameras, this high-power show from the Greatest Hits Tour of the Banes, called Made in Germany 1995-2011, captures 22 songs with bending brain theaters such as flames and l the stuffed light show.
609 ::: The 59th Annual Grammy Awards (2017) ::: music ::: Festivities at the Staples Center in Los Angeles honor excellence in the recording industry, 'James Corden (i)' (QV) hosts; Scheduled artists include 'John Legend (i)' (QV), 'Metallica' (QV), 'Carrie Underwood' (QV), 'Keith Urban (II)' (QV), 'Adele (i)' (QV) , and 'Bruno Mars' (QV).
610 ::: Scooter (2006) ::: music ::: A great DVD collection of live concerts. Tracelisting: DVD 1: "Live in Concert" 01 Intro 02 Hello! (Good to come back) 03 I am 04 Apache at the bottom! 05 Leading Horse 06 Shake! 07 Panties 08 Weekend 09 Was 10 Maria (I like it loudly) 11 Chaser /Jigga Jigga! 12 Quick Stiff Scooter 13 Nesaja 14 One (Always Hardcore) 15 Fire 16 How much is fish? 17 Hyper Hyper 18 Move your ass! DVD 2: "The Videos" 01 APHODS BILL OUT! 02 Hello! (Good to come back) 03 Suvent 04 One (Always Hardcore) 05 Shake it! 06 Jigga Jigga! 07 Maria (I like it loudly) 08 at night 09 weeks! 10 Nesaja 11 logical song 12 IIA DJ13 Pose (I want on the floor you have) 14 I am your Pusher 16 millennium 17 Quick Stiff Scooter 18k Call L Mana 19 I was made for Lovin 'you 20 We are the largest 21 fish how much is fish? 22 No Fate 23 Love Age 24 Fire 25 Break it 26 I 27 Rebellion Kikiyari 28 Me me your valentine 29 UK. Let back in. 30 Infinite Summer 31 Friends 32 Move your ass! 33 hyper hyper
611 ::: DanceCrazy Presents: Learn to Dance Waltz Volume 2 - A Complete Beginner's Guide to Dancing the Waltz (2007) ::: music ::: Dancecrazy.com presents vol. 2 of its complete step -for step instructions for dancing the waltz. We contain a complete breakdown and a detailed instruction for men and women, including dancing to music, etiquette for dancing the ballroom and essential tips for success on the dance floor. In Waltz Volume 2 we record where Volume 1 stopped. Provision of deeper and more progressive waltz steps that make your style more mature and developed. Waltz with the help of two friendly and experienced ballroom teachers their way to grace, style and self -confidence. You will learn the essential components of this beautiful dance, such as ascent and autumn, fluctuations and footwork as well as the exploration of steps that show them dancing and help them get the attitude to shine on the dance floor! Explore the beautiful movements that Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers made into dance kons, and integrate this flow ability into your own steps. You will learn everything from the box step to twinkle and more while you have a great time! Alison and Eldon take them professionally through a variety of patterns and give them on their way with many helpful tips and suggestions. You will be ready to roll at your next event with certainty and elegance. See you on the dance floor ...
612 ::: My Morning Jacket: Okonokos (2006) ::: music ::: My Morning Jacket: Okonokos is a live concert film by My Morning Jacket released on October 31, 2006. The film was recorded during the 2005 Autumn Tour of the band, more than two nights in the Fillmore in San Francisco, California. My Morning Jacket: Okonokos is both a question and an answer. It is an enigma wrapped around a riddle. My morning jacket: Okonokos is what you want it to be. Filmed by Sam Erickson, mixed by Michael Brauer and dominated by Bob Ludwig.
613 ::: Behind the Player: Paul Gray (2008) ::: music ::: Paul Gray is the bass player from Slipknot awarded the Grammyž Award. Gray gives an intimate background - the scenes consider his life as a professional musician - including rare photos and video material. Gray then gives detailed bass lessons for playing "duality" and "surfaces" from Slipknot and chases the tracks with Stone Sour drummer Roy Mayorga.
614 ::: Colors: Up Close & Personal (1999) ::: music ::: Utah has many treasures, one of which is colored music. A folk rock band that has been praised around the world for the latest album release. This documentary is gaining popularity, and as the music sounds, it continues to color until the summer of 1999.
615 ::: "Big in a Small Town" (2012) ::: music ::: Casey Clark hit small towns all over the country in search of the following stars of Canada. When he finds what he was looking for, one's life changes. Series 1 - Casey Clarke will visit BC, Alberta and Saskatchewan in search of the hotest talents in Canada - Canada's hottest talent - Kazi Clark opens a small talent in Canada and Ontario. Series 3 - living with air - 2 finalists of 1 and 2 episodes stood in Toronto!
616 ::: Umphrey's McGee: Live at Boulder Theater (2013) ::: music ::: In what has become a tradition of a Umphrey, the group followed a legendary Red Rocks show with an intimate theater performance in Colorado. With the visible energy that filled the room well before the first note, the Boulder Theater crowd knew they were for a treatment. Never to leave nothing on the table, Umphrey issued a certain list of a host of songs that had not seen the day's light in Colorado for years. Rock it in the comfort of your living room in stunning HD. Hold hard. Repeat rage Repeat.
617 ::: Guitar Artistry of Eric Bibb (2011) ::: music ::: This music release looks at the music, life and profession of the guitarist Eric Bibb, which is a lifelong musician who grew up in the folk music tradition, with his father Leon Bib's house band at just 16 years old.
618 ::: Colors: Up Close & Personal (1999) ::: music ::: Utah's condition has many musical treasures, and one of them is the music of colors. A folk rock band that wins worldwide recognition with the release of their latest album that falls. This documentary follows the colors in the summer of '99 as their popularity is growing their music rings.
619 ::: "Eldorado" (1983) ::: music ::: Jrgen Mylius and Lone Illum offer live music by Laban (performing "Meget Bedre Nu", Comedic Mime Act, Music Video "The Safety Dance" without Hates and "Moonlight Shadow" Mike Oldfield and Maggi by Swedish Yan Swan "Moonlight Shadow" by Reilly. Also live music by Ryan Paris ('Dolce Vita ") and music video" I am Standing "by Elton John. Tom Brown reported from London to Mini-Pops, music video "Endnu N Dag" by Steig Cretzfelt. "Aldolardo Prison" has been won by music manufacturer Pol Brun from Medley Records. The music video by David Bovi is played back by "China Girl" and "Sunshine Reg". We look at an old commercial, an old commercial in 1964 of "My Boy Lollipop" by Milli, a clip from the junk -parades of "Admiralns Visit" by Jergen Renebberg, and live music by TV -2 "Live music by). ,
620 ::: Hooray for the Madness (2006) ::: music ::: Motion City Soundtrack plays a live show at the infamous entry of the 7th Street in Mineapolis, Minnesota. This live show documentary introduces the band and looks at their history and recounts 6 years since the beginning of Motion City Soundtrack. Interviews are distributed by musical performance segments.
621 ::: New Kids on the Block: Step by Step (1990/I) ::: music ::: Progress to New Kids in Block as they share their new songs, their hot activities, and their most personal thoughts. Join guys as they look out where they have come now, where they are right now, and where they take place in step
622 ::: Hell on Earth IV (2005) ::: music ::: Manowar - Hell on Earth Part IV offers 2 hours of grant metal concerts in 35 cities across Europe, with highlights of the entire 2002 tour "Warriors of the World". Shot with 70 camera angles and mixed in its 5.1 surround, this version is a must for all True Metal fans!
623 ::: "How I Got the Gig" (2016) ::: music ::: How I got the gig is an interview series produced by Jammcard, Inc. and moderated by its founder Elmo Lovano. Elmo interviews music professional when they tell the story of how they landed their big appearance and never heard stories from these artists before. The former guests included Miles Mosley on Lauryn Hill, Brenda Lee, who strive for Ray Charles, Josh Devine in One Direction, Nita Strauss on Alice Cooper, Adrian X on Drake and Ray Luzier. Jammcard has teamed up with the admission academy / Grammys in order to bring you the first four episodes of the second season of How I to appear.
624 ::: 15th Annual Los Angeles Music Awards (2006) ::: music ::: This show has been shot for television release in the 15th year of LA Music Prize. The last winners were dark eye beans, doubt, sugar rays and many others. It shows Indie stickers, performers and artists who play in the largest groups, such as whole winners.
625 ::: Teulu Ty Crwn (2012) ::: music ::: Ty Crwn is a big house and feels even more big, since only a young boy, Harry and his two sisters, Meg and Enfis, live there. But why are they home alone? Where are Mom and Dad? The big secret of this small family is that Mom and Dad no longer live there. In a special movie about the whole family, this Christmas will follow the siblings and their efforts to stay together in the family home as they try to hide the fact that they are home alone by the authorities. But the three siblings Teulu Ty Crwn make a lot of team. Enfys Medi is character. In one day, she manages to create her own business in the schoolyard, give her teacher a lesson in capitalism and offer romantic advice to her big brother. Enfys Medi is 7 years old. Then, stuck in the middle, it is Meg. With her dark makeup, her boots of Dr. Martin and the constant frown on her face seems to be a teenage rock that is too tuned to think of someone else, but is there a softer country? And then there are Harry. Harry is the older older brother, who is doing his best to maintain sections of everyone, while trying to catch the eye of Hulven, the new girl at school. Despite some removal, the three are great friends and work as a team to face the world, but what will happen when a strange man starts dressing as a postman and cleaning windows to spy on them? Teulu Ty Crwn is a music movie about what it is like to be a child facing the world today.
626 ::: My Music: Doo Wop Discoveries (2012) ::: music ::: My music: Doo wop diiscover passes through evening countries and Pivotal R & B and sixties in the sixties and through the archian of their favorite heather and new live broadcasts. Variety music icons Smokey Robinson, Mike Stoller (writing group coach), Aaron Neville, Neville, Neil Sedaka, George Clinton and others, and george Clinton and others are their favorite Do WOP styles and genre songs. The former NA Bauman John "Boties" Bauman, which is a new special, Don K. Red, Bobby Jay, Joy Jay, Joy Blavat, Harvey Blend, Art Labe, etc. Lubinsky.
627 ::: What Do You Think of the Programme So Far? (1992) ::: music ::: Jim Bob and Fruit boot reminds about the first years in the 1992 Gostenbury Festival. Featured music videos for the song "," "" in the new cross "," Life in New Cross "," Live as well in New Cross "," While You Are Out ".
628 ::: "Se habla rock" (2006) ::: music ::: For the rebellious Rockero, whose library includes everything from Café Tacvba to the system of a down, Mun2 recommends a weekly dose SE Haba Rock, which is organized by "Renato". An alternative to the overvalued trend; On se Haba rock you get the best of English and Spanish alternatives, punk rock and versatile music video. Se Haba Rock reached every Sunday at 11 p.m. ET, only on Mun2, all rockeros from hard-core rockers over emo/teenbopper.
629 ::: Body Remix/Goldberg Variations (2008) ::: music ::: In this new work by Marie Chouinard, the ten dancers of the company carry out variations to exercise freedom. The dancers often appear on points: on one, two and even four at the same time. In a spectroscopy of the gesture, we also see how to use different devices - crutches, rope, prostheses, horizontal beams and straps - that sometimes free their movements, they celebrated them and others still create others.
630 ::: "Tu Video Top 10" (2014) ::: music ::: Every week we bring you the 10 most popular Latin videos for the week, interviews and surprises with your favorite artist.
631 ::: Velvet Underground: Velvet Redux Live MCMXCIII (1993) ::: music ::: The lowercase of the velvety is the bulk after their 1970 division, but 23 years later, after the summer. Before they arrive in the United States they came up again. Firing in the Plice in the Paris in the Paris, but as Life Include Lymo Lymo Lymous Life Mexicii Goes McMxCII .
632 ::: One More for the Fans! Celebrating the Songs & Music of Lynyrd Skynyrd (2015) ::: music ::: Special Values ​​together for "one thing for players! - Honors of Lynd" in honor of the same time of our time. The movie took place on Fox Theater in Atlanta, Georgia and Star-Strammed Sex for the Lynyd Skyd's music.
633 ::: Emporio Armani: A Private Party (1996) ::: music ::: Giorgio Armani Celebrity invited holidays, fashion shows and concert celebrating The Madison Avenue, the opening of the NYC flag store Giorgio Armani. Separate artists include wallflowers, The Fougees, D'Angelo, Joaquin Cortes, Me'Shell in Degeocello, Eric Clapton and Sheryl Crow.
634 ::: Regina Spektor Live in London (2010) ::: music ::: Live in London, the first living recording and film from the selected artist film. Imagine the Mailloul theater of the Mailloul Theater Arrested on Federers of London, with the "We" and "Eeet" plus three new song done alive.
635 ::: Pat Metheny Group: The Way Up - Live (2006) ::: music ::: Pat Metheny fans now know what you can expect from a recorded performance of the guitarist and his group, and everything is on the way up - live: superb, versatile musicality, the virtuoso solo with a telepathic ensemble and majestic passion and passion and Maintaining intensity; Complicated rhythms and time signatures; Segendic textures that were interrupted by some memorable melodic passages; And from a purely technical point of view, superior sound and visuals. However, the way up is a little different and much more difficult. Only on the group of the same name in the 2005 CD (this performance was in Seoul, South Korea), is it a long, ambitious piece of music that consists of four long parts, all of which are played without a break. For a live audience, it is more like a classic music concert than a jazz or rock show. There are melodies and grooves, but no melodies themselves, since the piece mostly lacks the song-like attraction of a large part of the best-known work of the Metheny Group. The music of Metheny and Lyle Mays, his long -time partner and keyboardist, constantly develops in the course of its 70 minutes (Metheny itself changes guitars like Cher changes the costumes) to the point where they may not remember much If it is over when it is over. But you will certainly remember the experience of watching and hearing these seven brilliant musicians at work. And like the Seoul audience, they will be amazed. An interview with Metheny is the only bonus function.
636 ::: Rush: Chronicles (1990) ::: music ::: While the brush is always considered a large secret treasury, sophisticated music institutions cannot be said that the music video is to be their graduate. With 'hit' videos from the rush we can see why. Almost strictly, the best rush videos appear to indicate their game simply. Rushio Footwegets are good at this DVD and welcome
637 ::: All My Friends: Celebrating the Songs & Voice of Gregg Allman (2014) ::: music ::: All my friends: The celebration of songs and Gregg Allman's voice catches a show once in a lifetime honoring one of the most valued and beloved icons in Rock and Roll's history. A founding member of the Allman Brothers group and a successful artist alone in his right, Allman possesses a voice that has resonated over four decades. The concert features important performances by Warren Haynes, Derek Trucks, Susan Tedeschi, Devon Allman, Robert Randolph, Jimmy Hall, Sam Moore, Keb Mo, Bantley Gilbert, Jess Franklin, Dr. John, Pat Monahan, John Hiatt, Jaimoe, Taj Mahal, Gregg Allman, Post -Panci, Trace Adkins, Vince Gill, Martina McBRIDE, Eric Church, Jackson Brown, Zak Brown and Allman Brothers with Don was. High -defining 5: 1 Dolby Sound at the Fox Historical Theater in Atlanta This wonderful part tributes a voice that was once heard never forgotten.
638 ::: "Waiting for the Break" (1950) ::: music ::: The second studies and choir people from current Broadway games played songs and scenes from the pieces in which they appeared. The show was for four weeks.
639 ::: The 41st Annual Grammy Awards (1999) ::: music ::: The American American Academy of The Audiosem Audiese record audio records of Audio, 1958. A warm language annually for the team's permission of 'the records Academy'.
640 ::: "Muzika kroz vekove" (1976) ::: music ::: High production television series, which follows the development of music, dance and stage performance over the centuries. Led and hosted by an internationally known Surmast, Maestro Oskar Danon, this series was the peak of Belgrade's television music production in 1970.
641 ::: "La grande farandole" (1961) ::: music ::: Comedians Roger Pierre and Jean-Mark Thebalt and their friends seven dwarfs, Snow White, Marx Brothers Sketches to celebrate the New Year. The famous actress Claudia Cardinal comes as a surprising guest after the Cardinal end credits.
642 ::: Mastodon Live at Brixton (2013) ::: music ::: On February 11, 2012, Mastodon took the stage at the London O2 Academy, Bryxton crowning the band's world tour for his fifth studio album, "The Hunter." This exhausted performance was the band's first show in Brixton. In addition to interpreting his latest songs "Curl of the mock", "Black Longue" and "Dry Bone Valley", the band got into their catalog performing "Birch colony", "Capillarian Crest" and "Iron Tusk". Critics said this list of 23 songs captures "an intense sample of dark riffs and crushing choirs." Rolling Stone says that "'The Hunter' demonstrates how contemporary radio can be done with imagination, precision and a majestic sense of force."
643 ::: The Smashing Pumpkins: Oceania 3D Live in NYC (2013) ::: music ::: Smashing Pumpkin Oceania 3D in NYC was shot in Barclays Arena in New York City last December, where the group showed their new Oceania album, in addition to the band's choice. There are visuals made by Sean Evans in pumpkin exhibitions, which is helping Roger Waters in the latest project "The Wall". Pumpkins used new technology in video-mapping and creating something that was previously invisible, all of which were skilled in 3D and recorded 5.1 surround sound for the final audio visual sensory experience!
644 ::: "Victor Allen's Local Zone" (2010) ::: music ::: Grammy Award-winning R&B Soul Song Stylist and music theater icon Stephanie Mills performs her hits in the summer concert series of the Baldwin Hills Crenshaw Plaza. Thelz (local zone) video recorded handheld with Canon HG10 HDD @ 150 feet. Recorded on 10 August 2011.
645 ::: Palazzo Ricci (2011) ::: music ::: Since 2001, the German 'Hochschule Für Musik und Tanz' has used the Palazzo Ricci, in the heart of the city of Montepulciano in southern Toscana, to organize the European Academy of Music and Arts. The film offers a summary of this unique German project in Italy that is completely concentrated in music. Presents young and talented artists from around the world, working together in a stimulating environment, participating in master classes with famous internationally acclaimed teachers and musicians.
646 ::: Don Carlo (2012) ::: music ::: Based on the game of the same name, Don Carlos was written to Paris Opra in 1865–66 in the tradition of a French Grand Opera. As Don Carlo is repeatedly modified and performed in Italian, Opera is seen here in the version that Vardi prepared for Modena in 1886. In many cases, it is the most ambitious and at the forefront of Verdie.
647 ::: Masters of Love and Sound (2018) ::: music ::: For over 3 decades, Toronto -based musicians have created their musical path through many musical effects and personal differences. The journey of this aggressors, spirituality and odd ball groove-queues leads to the supernatural vibrations of love and sound masters.
648 ::: The Zombie Horror Picture Show (2014) ::: music ::: The Zombie Horror Picture Show is the first concert film by artist Groove Metal Rob Zombie, released on May 19, 2014 on DVD and Blu-ray. Tracklist. Puste of nosferatu teenage. Superbast. Super charge Heaven. Living dead girl. We are an American group. More human than human. Bubblegum sick. Will never stop. Gong ging gang from Do Gong de Laga Raga. Meet the climbing plant. Angry red planet. March needs women. House of 1000 corpses. Lords of Salem. Dead City Radio and the new gods of Super Town. Thunder Kiss '65. Dragula
649 ::: Le commando des sans-soleil (1984) ::: music ::: By combating different sub -topics, the author condemns the exploitation of young people by the system by an allegory that is both imaginative and dramatic. The file contains filming in the studio and outdoors, in which we recognize the Lionel-Groulx subway station in Montreal. The work is carried out by Francis Reddy, René Richard Cyr and Marcia Pilote.
650 ::: Rush: Chronicles (1990) ::: music ::: While it has always been considered one of the best hidden treasures of rock, with a complex and intricate musicality, it can never be said that the music video was his forty. With this collection of 'hit' videos of Rush we can see why. Almost disturbing, Rush's best videos seem to be those that simply demonstrate their reproduction. Rush Studio's images are rare and are welcome on this DVD
651 ::: Phobia (2009/I) ::: music ::: There is something you need to know (the Wolfsong) life from the angle of the wolf. The wolf is the cold logic of being in my world and this is his event. Living yesterday eternal-depression is disturbing so many people. So many spend all life hide inside in fear and forget to live life while having time to do so. In this world-in this world we are all born to die alone. About the sad facts of life. We are here on our own and our journey in life is one to do on our own. We never know other individuals and in this world we can never trust anyone until we cannot even trust ourselves. Never? -About lost dreams, everything that has failed to do with your life and all your regret. A sad cat that recovers between dance flowers is Bounccat Grim's event. The world according to the hopeless cat with all his playfulness. The cat loves to live, loves to play, who makes all sex and well-being is basically focusing on all the pleasures of life. This is what flirt with you in a dark pub or what you sit in the bed or even in your worst nightmare. Who? What? Where? - about mental illness. About this chaos that lives inside you. All the confusion and anger. All your sadness of living and willingness to end life. This type of phobia - animals, confusion and twisted words
652 ::: Rock (2017) ::: music ::: 'Rock' - a music genre or just bad luck? Both follow the heroes of the film, which decided to conquer the musical Olympus Moscow. This trio is not a band or a team and probably not even friends. But this is just the beginning of your trip. The further the heroes go away from home, the more dangerous their adventures and the people who have met on the way, the more the boys change. The greatest, brightest, most dangerous and unforgettable adventure of a life for the young provincial musicians.
653 ::: What Poor Gods We Do Make: The Story and Music Behind Naked Raygun (2007) ::: music ::: What poor gods do we make: the story and music behind Naked Raygun, "DVD/CD of 2 Disc focuses on the history of the band and the development of their music from basements from" Beau screaming "to" Rayguné Naked Raygun "through interviews with the band and many interviews, including Steve Albini, Lawrence Arm often and was still neglected by punk historians and recently, documentaries of films. The CD part of the edition will include live accents from their broadcasts after the collection of Naked Raygun in Riot Fest 2006 and will include all songs most identified with the most recently identified with songs, most identified with the most identified With songs that are most identified with the most identified songs, and will include all the songs that are most identified with the most identified songs goals.
654 ::: "Detroit Promo Television" (2014) ::: music ::: Detroit Promo TV is a techno program where artists talk about their motivations and their life choices while emphasizing the importance of dance music in an industry dominated by rap music. Detroit Promo TV also shows the positive side of Detroit by presenting local affairs, art and all that is positive in Detroit! The mission of Detroit Promo TV is to create content that entertains, educates and inspires its viewers. Detroit Promo TV offers a program that widens the mind, entertains the soul and fulfills the emptiness of music.
655 ::: "The TRIBUTE Show" (2012) ::: music ::: The tribute show is back for season 10! On the show we feature ... don't change-the Inxs story. Savor - Santana tribute. BABA - Abba Tribute Show. Coverdale - David Coverdale (Deep Purple) and Whitesnake Tribute Band. The Who Review. Summer sounds - Beach Boys tribute.
656 ::: Behind the Player: Shannon Larkin (2008) ::: music ::: Shannon Lyrakin is the explosive device of bond Sudmak. Their separate behavior to their separate behavior has created a party in Kintos and Studio. Lanker offers a close back in the back of - Scenes looking for professional music in his life - including rare images and video feet. But then gives the drum drum lessons how to "straight line" and "Wood" with gangs bitoset Rooms.
657 ::: Die Walküre (2004/I) ::: music ::: The performance of the Richard Wagner ring cycle in Stuttgart created an unknown feeling from the monumental ring of the century in Bayreuth in the late 1970s. "Four operas - Four Directors" was the artistic idea behind the cycle 1999/2000 under the musical direction of Lothar Zagrosek. Appreciate the individual operas of Der Ring des Nibelungen without having to relate to previous or later stories allowed the stage directors - chosen from the successful team of the Stuttgart opera surrounding the artistic director Klaus Zehelein - to express his Individual information in the well -known drama of Siegfried and Wotan. In 2002, German criticisms elected "the opera of the year" of Stuttgart de Stuttgart for the fourth time in five years. This series was recorded live during Renaissance performances in 2002 and 2003, and it pays tribute to the artistic and musical success of the Stuttgart opera and a wonderful distribution of singers. The production was led by the "psychoanalyst" Christoph Nel, who chose to reveal the characters of Wagner, their ambivalences and their conflicts, using environments, situations and contemporary gestures - well supported by some of the best singers of Wagner of our time, including, including Angela Denoke in her beginnings of the role as Sieglinde.
658 ::: Rammstein: Paris (2016) ::: music ::: In 2012, a two-row show was sold in the historical bending arena in the Rammstein Paris in 2012. Documented with more than 20 cameras, which in high energy shows in Germany in 1995-2011. The tourism show made from Germany, 40 songs, like a torch throwers and a mesmen lighting.
659 ::: Rainbow: Memories in Rock (2016) ::: music ::: June 2016 without the long -awaited return of Ritchie Blackmore's Rockmore legend to his rock roots with three wonderful shows in Europe. The first two shows in Loreley and Bietigheim, Germany were caught on the camera and the result is "Ritchie Blackmore: Rock Memories". The appearance of songs from his deep purple and Rainbow catalog, Ritchie Reinvents Classics like "Star Highway", "Man on the Silver Mountain", "Maltore", "Kid I Spotlight", "Night Black" and "Stargazer", closing the show with "smoke in the water".
660 ::: Parade of the Dead (2010) ::: music ::: In 2010 a virus spread throughout the population of the world by turning survivors into foolish zombie. Around the same time of these apocalyptic events, hill hoods would make a DVD for their album 'State of the Art'. As civilization collapsed, the hoods were so self-involved that they made their DVD anyway.
661 ::: Hell on Earth V (2009) ::: music ::: Manowar live - at best! Recorded by over 150 camera hubs with helicopters and camera cries of this program contains the Viking Encore set from the "Demons, Dragons and Warriors" and the versions of "Sons of Odin", "Glory, Majesty, unity", in full length Length. "Gods of War" and many other plus highlights from Turkey, Spain, the Czech Republic, the USA and Canada.
662 ::: The Erskine Method for Drumset (2004) ::: music ::: The legendary Peter Airsky reveals the techniques and secrets behind its success in this unique video. Includes tips and instructions for filling, comping, solving, anesthetic play and brushes. In the video Peter demonstrates rhythm and techniques, talking about his playing philosophy, plus interviews with members of Erskine Quartet!
663 ::: The 43rd Annual Grammy Awards (2001) ::: music ::: Grammy - The American Academy of Music Award was founded by the American Voice Recording Companies Association in March, 14, 1958. Grammy is awarded annually by the "Recording Academy" authorized members.
664 ::: CMT Star: Parties (2009) ::: music ::: This series is an exclusive half hour peak in the world of superstars of country music. The series tells the life of these modern cowboys and girls. With first -hand interviews, personal accounts and behind -the -scenes images, each episode will give you a close and personal overview of the life of your favorite country artist. Find out what a star of the country really means in today's world.
665 ::: "The TRIBUTE Show" (2012) ::: music ::: The show has returned to Season 10! At our exhibition ... Dont Change - The Inxs Story. Savor - Tribute Santana. Baba - Show ABBA's tribute. Coverdale - David Coverdale (deep purple) and a group of tribute Whitesnake. Check WHO. Summer sounds - paying tribute to the beach boys.
666 ::: "The Swift Show Wagon with Horace Heidt and the American Way" (1955) ::: music ::: Hosted by the Horace Band Group, the show was the diversity that originated each week from a different state, displaying its entertainment from the place where the show was broadcast.
667 ::: "Sounds of the Eighties" (1996) ::: music ::: Sounds of the 1980s - Episode 5 Pop merchants of float and unconditional hair independent in the old gray whistle test and its youngest and most colorful brother, the whistle test dominate this drag through the 80s. With the tear Explodes, The orange juice, Robert Wyatt, the Aztec camera, Billy Bragg, The Fall, The Pogues, Robyn Hitchcock and the constant style advice.
668 ::: Brian Wilson Presents Smile (2005) ::: music ::: Brian Wilson, a talented way in front of the music time, created the Beach Boys Concept (Unlilated) album "Smile", in which the musical themes were not made of music in the late 60s in the late 10th. This is a documentary of his process with his team, including Leonard Bernstein and many other musical luminaries. Some tracks make it in other albums of beach boys. So the sad sad was never free. It is said that it was the most legendary unlealed album that is not a history of popular music. The date of the release would have been January 1967. As a solo artist, Brian re -interpreted the project for the concert performance in 2004. The Brian Wilson presents is heard based on the formation of a smile. In 2013, he won the Best Historical Bhasic Album Award in the 55th Grammy Awards.
669 ::: Patti Page Sings the Hits (2004) ::: music ::: The Singing Rage - Miss Pati Page! The best -selling singers were in the fifties and their popularity continues to this day. Here is an impressive collection of Patti as she sings some of her most important songs. She was executed from some unforgettable TV manifestations.
670 ::: Behind the Player: Tommy Clufetos (2008) ::: music ::: Detroit Bashre Tommy Clubetos has played drums for Ted Nudunt, Alice Cooper and Rob Zombie. Clufetos gives an intimate behind the scenes to look at his life as a professional musician - including rare photos and videos. Clufetos then gives a thorough drum lessons on how to play "Salem Masters" and "American Witch" by Rob Zombie and sow the Rob Zombie John 5 and Ozzy Osborne bass player.
671 ::: Inside Death Row (2008) ::: music ::: Tour the office, see 2pac as he shown the booklet for All Eyez on me for the first time, these thoughts about they wanted to meet Tony Danza at the Grammy Awards, accompany 2PAC and Outlawz for a session of Photos, and watch as 2PAC and Michel'le are behind the Boards in the studio while Jewel sets the choir on a 2pac song and MC Hammer that is not heard! See also exclusive never before I saw interviews with 2pac, Suge Knight, Michel'le, and more! Watch how 2PAC discusses his life only 3 months after swinging in prison and signing Death Row, listening to his comments on Deloris Tucker, Bob Dole, and his teammate Snoop Doggy Dogg and more! Listen to how Suge explains his plans for Death Row and the so-called war with Bad Boy! Listen as also as Suge Knight and Hammer Conversate about his album too tight and how Hammer belongs on Death Row.
672 ::: Ernani (2014) ::: music ::: Hernani was Verdi's Fifth Opera and was based on Hernani by Victor Hugo. The starting point is the topic of revenge in all its numerous aspects and received its first performance at Teatro La Fenice in Venice in March 1844, with its success proven by Verdi's definition as a composer. The fact that the work has been organized at an increasing frequency in large opera houses in recent years is due to the revival of Bel Canto's singing.
673 ::: "The Andy Williams and June Valli Show" (1957) ::: music ::: On this summer program, which preceded a year, the longtime variety show of which he would be the star, the popular singer Andy Williams would interpret live interpretations of the songs that had made him famous. Also performing on the show, solo and duos with Andy, was the other star of the show, June Valli.
674 ::: One More for the Fans! Celebrating the Songs & Music of Lynyrd Skynyrd (2015) ::: music ::: The unusual collection of music is promised for something for something "for something"! Concert conducted at the Atlanta in Atlanta in Atlanta and for Starking Cooperation to Starkic Cooperation to Starcock Cooperation by heavy artists.
675 ::: Mastodon Live at Brixton (2013) ::: music ::: On February 11, 2012, Mastodon took over the theater at the O2 Academy in London, Brexstone crowned the World Tour of the Fifth Studio album "The Hunter". This sale was the first squad in Brexstone. In addition to performing their latest songs, "Curl of the Burl", "Black Tongue", "Dry Bone Valley", the band in its catalog that performs "Birchmen", "Crest Crest" and "Iron Tusk" dug. Critics said that the list of 23 songs is taking "an intense display of dark shelves and overwhelming seasons." Rolling Stone says that the "hunter" explains how it is still possible to make a contemporary radio rock with the imagination, accuracy and a majestic feeling of force. "
676 ::: Great Big Sea: Great Big DVD (2001) ::: music ::: Since the first few days of Great Big Sea, in the spring of 1993, the band based in Newfoundland wanted to make a live album. The most recent tour in the whole country for its brand and powerful performances known and offered the perfect opportunity. The result is an unusual live document of a band that is in love in travel, her music and the excitement, in front of a lot on stage.
677 ::: Battle of the Bands (1984) ::: music ::: Fifths of the fifth groups of the fifth groups of sugar ray are finalists / winners in 1984. The competition was held in the UK, where more than 1,700 groups were entered. Various national heats were held, where the rays of sugar won five heats and the world's famous Hammerpit Apollo (now Hammersmite Apollo) has won in a large final. BBC. Five of sugar ended the full destruction of the opposition at night and finished that the absolute maximum of 147 is 147. Only 7 "lazy lazy" 7 "March" with "March" with "March" was launched in British diagrams "March" with "March" with British diagrams "March", which was released in the following year, the main radio and television According to the airline, but the industry is calculated in the middle of the eighties as a real power.
678 ::: Improvisation (2004) ::: music ::: The improvised jazz performance, filmed in 1950 by Gjon Mili, plus additional films filmed in 1977 and 1979, includes Honantov's Graz and Critic Critic, as well as the short Jammin 'Blues in 1944.
679 ::: Australia Unites: Reach Out to Asia (2005) ::: music ::: For the first time ever, all the three commercial television networks in Australia are united to coordinate these historical parties and the historical party. All TELETHON's revenues go to World Vision Australia and aid in the 2004 South Asian Tsunami disaster. It includes a huge assortment of Australian stars and personalities.
680 ::: In Performance at the White House: Chorus Lines (1988) ::: music ::: This concert in the PBS series "In Performance at the White House" was presented on the South Lawn of the White House, which was organized by President and Ms. Reagan. Contain "sit down, you rock" the boat "by" Guys and Dolls "," if I loved you "by" Carousel "," until you "" the music man "," nothing like a lady "by "From" by "The Music Man" South Pacific "and the title song by" Oklahoma! "
681 ::: The Angel and Daniel Johnston: Live at the Union Chapel (2008) ::: music ::: In July 2007, Daniel Johnston appeared very highly rated in Union Chapel in London. This explained in the evening standard, "... Nothing breathtaking." Adjustable production introduces the highly expected movie of this concert, "Angel and Daniel Johnston -Union Chapel Live". Daniel, who is supported by James Yorkston and Adem's prominent talents, early collaborators Brett Hartenbach, and friends, including a group of British musicians in the UK He will make a decisive production based on his career width based on his career. Finally, find "walk a cow" or "long lasting". New songs such as "Mean Girls ..." and "Try to Love" will be introduced, and the jewelry that has been overlooked, such as "GO" and "Living Life", will bring fresh shine.
682 ::: "Muzika kroz vekove" (1976) ::: music ::: A high production television series, which tracks the development of music, dance and performance on stage throughout the centuries. Made and presented by the international renown director, the teacher Oskar Danon, this series was the peak of the 1970 Belgrade television musical production.
683 ::: Kids Incorporated: The Beginning (1984) ::: music ::: After hearing the tests for a new band in the Malt store, Gloria decides to get rid of the piano practice to participate. It faces intense competition from the local favorite, the children are founded, but they all decide that working together will give them the edge they need. Meanwhile, a new child looks at the city, known as "the child" only, hoping that he was not very shy about the group's test.
684 ::: Rust Golem (2015) ::: music ::: Rust Golem is the first virtual reality clip to choose your path in the world to film in a live action at 360 degrees! Guide your protagonists while they are trying to escape the dungeon of the rust golem, full of magic, mystery and 8 -bit video game styles. With six separate endings and a rigorous display of animated rotoscopied elements by hand in a complete 360 ​​-degree video. Rust Golem is a fun and frightening adventure that requires being played over and over!
685 ::: Audioslave: Live@Much (2005) ::: music ::: Have you heard that roar? That was the sound of a whole Lotta -Rock that radiated from the walls of a lot of head office, thanks to Audioslave! Chris Cornell, Tom Morello, Brad Wilk and Tim Comfordord touched the floor for an incredible set of tunes such as "Cochise" and "doesn't remember me". Then these founders of two of Rock's largest acts - Soundgarden and anger against the machine - sat down with Devon to discuss their past, present and future.
686 ::: CMT Star: Escapes (2008) ::: music ::: This modern cowboy and domestic music superstars peak into the world, describing the extravagant lives of girls. With First Hand interviews, personal accounts and backstage footage, each episode sees this idolatry mega-mugs lives closely and individually. Today's vanity and in the world of excessively, experience what really means a national star. From luxury resorts to their own urban grassy, ​​we will show where the stars go to rest, and these stars are called a multi-million dollar retreat.
687 ::: "Havoc on the 101" (2007) ::: music ::: "Havoc on the 101" is a new interactive DirectV music video of the 101 channel. It integrates SMS Text-to-Screen and text voting with alternative and underground music videos. Hawk of 101 is divided into four different types of episodes: Havoc Mixtape; "Alternative to Chaos"; Hawk Vinyl; and "Sports for Lastness."
688 ::: TV One Night Only: Live from the Essence Music Festival (2010) ::: music ::: Two-hour music documentary janet jackson, alikia keys, alique jacks, Mary J., Trey Songz, Trey Songz, Raphael Saadiq, Gladis Kalzar, Monica, Keri Hilson and Charlie Wilson. The TV takes only a spectator in one night, it is not allowed to another camera, it is not allowed to allow another camera, which delivers a true emotion of a talented stage.
689 ::: Blues and Gospel Train (1964) ::: music ::: An innovative musical performed on a real railway trail with the audience one side of the traces and musicians on the station. Also perform are Sonny Terry and Brownie McGee: 'Rocking and a whooping'htking harmonika blues'i'm a roaming rambler' .. cousin Joe 'hot dog' and 'I'm a porter rail' .. muddy water Performs' Blow Wind Blow 'and' You can't lose what you've never had '..' sister rosetta drype performs' don't rain kids', 'trouble in mind' and 'the whole world in his hands'.
690 ::: "Party with the Rovers" (1983) ::: music ::: The Rovers was the third music-class series organized by the party Rovers (aka the Irish Rovers). The show was set in a traditional pub setting with celebrity guests joining Rovers every week. During the two years, guests included Tommy Makem and Liam Clansy, Andy Gib, The Good Brothers, Ronnie Prophet, Loni Dongan, Rita Coolies, Boxer Willy and many more. The series was produced by Vancouver's Olympic films for global television with Ulster Television in Ireland. The series was syndicated worldwide. International recording artist (Irish) Rovers celebrates his 20th anniversary with this rolling television series. Over the years, these transplanted Irish people have pleased the audience around the world with their excited toe-tapping music, irreversible stories and the antics of Uddam Manch. Each show in the series begins and ends in his favorite base, "Unicorn" pub, surrounded by a luxurious and admirable audience that is eagerly involved in the celebration. Mix with breathtaking Irish scenes on the top as the Rovers take their audience back to their childhood scenes, remind them in the story and song. Internationally known guest artists rovers either in place or in pubs, for good fun and great music.
691 ::: On the Wall: Thirty Seconds to Mars (2014) ::: music ::: Behind the scenes from one of the most famous rock music bands in music. We joined us, while we got to the road with an Oscar -nominated actor and the front man Jared Lito, and his colleague in the band, Shannon Leeteo and Tomo Melissific. Our cameras are included with thirty seconds to Mars, while they are on a tour of Colorado, Uttah and North California, before returning home to attend one music party from the legendary Hollywood championship. Along the way, you will get a pass throughout the access to the LovesTfaimseams Worlds tour, deal with an insightful look from the band, interviews with the crew, Pit Stop at a local radio station, motorcycle adventure, interactions with worship -such as fans base, and much more. In addition, you will get seats in the front row of shows in Filmour Hall in Denver, The Great Saltair in Magna, Utah and Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles. On the wall: Thirty seconds to Mars is a documentary film of the lifestyle and rock concert in one. You can only see it on Axs. It was produced by Carson Dali Broads and the planned jacket productions in cooperation with AXS.
692 ::: Le commando des sans-soleil (1984) ::: music ::: When addressing several sub -themes, the author denounces the exploitation of young people by the system through an allegory that is both fanciful and dramatic. The file includes filming scenes in the study and outdoors where we recognize the Lionel-Groulx Metro station in Montreal. The work is done by Francis Reddy, René Richard Cyr and Marcia Pilote.
693 ::: Back to Back Live (2009) ::: music ::: When Mr. B was playing in front of his first big audience and met Bob Seela for the first time ago, he knew that the two would become close friends and two of the better known international powers of Bogi-Woggi Piano today. Mr. B, Little Brother Montgomery affected by a number boogie-veg piano great, and Bob Sela, a classical pianoist, who is a classical pianoist by the training and proteg, a classical pianoist who is a classical pianoist, distributed to grace, style, power and thunder We do. Here two blues and jazz standards in two different styles back-to-back. Directed by Greg Oliver (Lemi), this DVD of his live show was inspired by his original studio recording in 2007, who first captured the concept.
694 ::: The Downtown Show (1957) ::: music ::: Music based format with top recording stars in the "Downtowners" band. The program was designed as a Syndicate program in collaboration with local Chambers Commerce for Commerce to help customers back in downtown areas of cities across the country. The show was one of the first integrated television show, including popular radio and television star Jimmy Jackson who organized the show as well as played and sang. The show also features capitol records top recording artist Jimmy Bryant. Black jazz violinist and recording star, a black jazz percussionist and recording star with "Stuffy" Smith, George Jenkins forwarded the "downtowns" sound. One of the features of the show was Television's Hollywood hostess, Anita Coleman, who offered the latest Hollywood gossip and guest stars. The "The Downtown Show" features custom commercial loops in which each local downtown spot is included so that the viewer feels that these top artists are broadcasting from their own local downtown.
695 ::: Lucia di Lammermoor (1986) ::: music ::: In July 1835, Donijetti was to showcase the first of three new operators, for which he agreed with the management of San Carlo Theater; The most frequent things that are happening in the world of Opera, have not worked as the composer intended. This thing - Walter Scott's The Bride of Lamermoor - has been selected for a long time, but has not provided the direction for writing Librato, so that the censor can be read and accepted in early March four months before the scheduled date. At the end of May, at the composer's emergency bidding, Libreto's writing was handed over to the Salvator Comrano, the composer's favorite work was intended to become one of the partners: although the date of the premier, inevitably, had to be postponed. After many problems, Lucia de Lamermoor was the last time September 26, 1835. Its success exceeds the most promising of expectations. The press also, in recording the authentic success of the opera, is generous in its praise. Reports of time highlight a fact: Donigetti music, not singers, is not as excellent and "parts". That memorable evening, Donigetti has never had ever previously achieved before, and all realized that Donijetti created an opera of the novelty of such a musical quality and innovation, the ability to communicate with a special instant and emotional force. Desery Rancatore, where the title started on the roll, proves that more than equivalent to work.
696 ::: Rammstein: Paris (2016) ::: music ::: For two nights in 2012, Ramstein sold two consecutive performances in the history of Arena in Paris. Documentary over 20 cameras, this high-energy show from Greatest Hits Tour groups, Made in Germany 1995-2011, records 22 songs with curved mind theaters such as flame throwers and an attractive style show.
697 ::: The 40th Annual Grammy Awards (1998) ::: music ::: Grammy -Music Award of the American Academy of the Audio recording, was founded by the American Association of Sound -Reciting Companies on March 14, 1958.
698 ::: Carnival of Madness Tour Access All Areas (2016) ::: music ::: "All areas" carnatephs "all regions" on the UK's rock canal. Various and behind the scenes in Wembley Sse Arena in London.
699 ::: Megadeth: Countdown to Extinction - Live (2013) ::: music ::: The Megadeth celebrates the 2nd of the story of the story in the beginning of the moonlight, "Symphony of destruction," the sweat of dreams and -the stronger. "" Dengar 18 "and" war "... the punishment."
700 ::: State of Independence: Jon Anderson & The Contemporary Youth Orchestra (2010) ::: music ::: The former major singer of the Rock Group "Yes" shares the stage with the 112 -member contemporary Youth Orchestra and a 60 -member student Chorus, which disperses happiness and energy. In this lifetime and exciting exhibition, Zone Anderson and Youth Orchestra "Yes" and "Lonely Heart Owner Own" and "Lonely Heart Own", including hits for "Yes" and "Zone & Wangelis". “It was shot directly in Cleveland at the renowned Sewerance Hall Auditorium.
701 ::: "Se habla rock" (2006) ::: music ::: For the rebellious Rockero, whose library includes everything from Café Tacvba to the system of a down, Mun2 recommends a weekly dose SE Haba Rock, which is organized by "Renato". An alternative to the overvalued trend; On se Haba rock you get the best of English and Spanish alternatives, punk rock and versatile music video. Se Haba Rock reached every Sunday at 11 p.m. ET, only on Mun2, all rockeros from hard-core rockers over emo/teenbopper.
702 ::: American Indian Rock Opera 2006 Holiday Tour (2010) ::: music ::: The DVD Holiday Tour burns' (Paul Laroche) and Airo (American Indian Rock Opera) presents images of the most point and deepest Amerindian performance tour to date in the United States - "Red Navity" . "Red Nativity" is a captivating holiday concert that mixes contemporary Amerindian music with traditional rhythms and dance, while transmitting the powerful message of peace, unity and reconciliation of cultures. The powerful music of Brule 'and Airo, accompanied by breathtaking Native American dance and fantastic theaters, is alone in her beauty, her emotion and his spiritual message. With 12 music selections of 4 from the group's revolutionary CDs, as well as a special "behind the scenes" feature.
703 ::: "X Factor" (2008/II) ::: music ::: Pruming on March 2008, the system of Xatalian "X Factor" was submitted to the Radi Healths: 15 to 25 years (with Marai as a lawyer).
704 ::: Within Temptation & The Metropole Orchestra: Black Symphony (2008) ::: music ::: The Gothic Rock Band "Within Temptation" Stages Their Most AMBITIOUS CONCERT TO DATE at Rotterdam's Ahoy Arena in Feb 2008. Dubbed 'Black Symphony' E Classical Choir and Special guests Keith Caputo (the life of the Agony) and Aneke Van Giersergen (gathering).
705 ::: Parade of the Dead (2010) ::: music ::: In 2010, a virus spread over the world's population that changes the survivors into mindless zombies. Around the same time of these apocalyptic events, the hilltop caps would make a DVD for their album 'State of the Art'. While civilization collapsed, the hoods were so involved that they made their DVD anyway.
706 ::: "Hollywood in Vienna 2013: A Tribute to James Horner" (2013) ::: music ::: In Vienna, ťhollywood is a symphonic gala concert, celebrating the classic and current works of film music at the prestigious Viner Konjarthaus (Vienna Concert Hall) in Vienna, the capital of Austria. During each gala, the city of Vienna city is one of the major film music composers of today, including the ťmax Steiner Film Music Achievement Award. The Max Steiner Film Music Achievement Award 2013 was given to James Horner. The son of Vinies Stage Designer and later Oscar winner Hollywood set designer Harry Horner is related to today's most famous and most versatile film musicians. His awards include two Academy Awards, Seven Oscar Nomination, two Golden Globe Awards (eight nominations) and three Grammy Awards (eight nominations). Gala concerts performed music highlights of James Horner, such as ťtitanicť, ťavatarť, ťstar trek and more.
707 ::: Can U Feel It: The UMF Experience (2012) ::: music ::: Can you consider it as UMF experience on a big screen? This is a new generation film that has seen with the eyes of the largest DJ of the world. Testo, David Guetta, Carl Cox, Afrojack, Fedde Le Grand, Birds Boize will have an electrical star through the world of UMF and dance music. The film makes you feel like you on your dance floor and dj Boot and the music and feelings of music and feelings for the growth of dance music are all around the world. UMF is the Premiere electronic music festival in the world. This is like an Olympiad (MEDM) of electronic dance music (MEDG) and every year, like Miami Music Week, all the largest editions and fans of all over the world collided with fans of Miami's fans for dance. "It is the biggest dance evening in the world," says about East Afyaso UMF. "Now the whole world dances," said David Ghetta explained the global blast of dance music. Get closer than before and feel the energy of vibration and UMF experience. Can you feel it? . The film was shot in 2011 during UMF Miami.
708 ::: "Jazzland" (2001) ::: music ::: "Jazzland" presents Great Allan Saxophone C. Barnes as host. The program includes live performances and interviews with Diva Sandy Patton and Jazz Jazz Wilkerson sensation. And interviews with Ken Burns and Cliff Monear. Shooting in the place in Baker's Keyboard Lounge, the oldest jazz club in the world.
709 ::: The Once: Live at the Stagehouse (2014) ::: music ::: St. Jones, Newfoundland is a city that is a Deep Vanda music spirit and a few bands idolize that spirit better. Named for a unique Newfoundland line which means "deliberate", now is really their time. The Live at the Stagehouse is an hour of interview and exhibition by this surprising trio, showing live of the floor recorded songs in late 2013 at St. Philip's scenic Stagehouse Recording Studios. Once Newfoundland accepts a different vision of music. Their voices do not come from noisy pubs and dockside tversing, which gives great fuel to the island's Energy. Instead, their music comes from a quiet and more thoughtful place. Hope and tragedy are associated with each other, even if they are singing an old mourning from the first World War, original songs that talk about love, or delicious songs of artists, whose music inspires them. Once: Live at the Stagehouse shows some of his best favorite tunes and some have never heard before. There is a unique opportunity to see one of Canada's fastest emerging bands in a place that inspires them and feed their soul.
710 ::: "Contrasts" (1967) ::: music ::: In February 1966, Andrei Sunksky and the Hului Du'lui Sunksky and Duly concluded by the Kuli Daniel. Studio and professional conversations with their services in Moscow officials in a summary area of ​​the media of the Soviet branch.
711 ::: "Havoc on the 101" (2007) ::: music ::: "Havoc on the 101" is a new interactive music video show on DirectV channel 101. SMS text and text votes are substituted and integrated with underground music videos. "Havoc on the 101" is divided into four different types of episodes. "HAVOC MIXTAPE". "Havoc Alternative"; "Habok vinyl"; and "Havoc Sports".
712 ::: Wineskin, Live at Puck: Doylestown, PA (2009) ::: music ::: Winskin sold on June 7, 2008, the Great American Album, is finally here on CD Release Show. Based on the foothills of the Bucks County, Winskin is always a growing musical machine. The band is four parts, and is often higher than the sum of its parts. By proudly hoisting the flag of rock-n-roll, they make songs of the unique fabric they come from. They decompress the American musical landscape and draw on its rich heritage and styles. From the ballads of the country to the folk songs to the re -operated rock songs. They can play the tune of ragtime and the space ship is rotating on your home next minute.
713 ::: Viva Vivaldi! (2000) ::: music ::: The spectacular mezzo -soprano Cecilia Bartoli is accompanied by the Ensemble Il Giardino Armonico in a program of baroque music by composer Antonio Vivaldi, "The Red Priest". The concert includes Arias and instrumental pieces of the Juditha Triumphans and the Olimpiade oratorium L'Olimpiade, Tito Manlio, Ottone in Villa, La Fida Ninfa, Bajazet (Il Tamerlano) and a hair -raising, passionate performance from Farnace. The ensemble plays a concert in C Major for Flautino (lovingly known as The Penny Whistle) and Concerto in D Major for Lute. The dominant part of the music was unknown and specially translated from the original manuscripts of Vivaldi by musicologist Claudio Osele. The international film team of RM Associates is directed by Veteraan Opera director Brian Large and produced by classical music producer Colin Wilson. The sold-out musical event was presented on the excellent art deco Théatre des Champs-Eysées, Paris in September 2000.
714 ::: "Les clefs de l'orchestre de Jean-François Zygel" (2007) ::: music ::: The new series of DVD dedicated to the Symphonic Artists introduced by the Jean-Francois Zaigel and the Archester Philhormic de radio has demonstrated France. French TV remake of Leonard Bernstein's Young People's Concerts Episodes: Bolero of Ravel, Hadn Symphony 103, Pastorale Symphony of Beethoven, Dworac New World Symphony.
715 ::: "Texas Music Scene" (2010) ::: music ::: Texas Music Scene TV, the new TV series, the new broadcast that comes to your city celebrates all things in Texas. If you like Texas music as much as we love Texas music, you can finally stay in contact with all your favorite artists in Texas with an exclusive video of intimate shows and reveal the interviews filmed in the musical sound stage in Texas. The Texas Music Scene TV series includes both young artists and myths that came to determine this unique and amazing music scene. The legendary Ray Benson is the host of the Texas TV series. Ray is the founder and front man of the Western Singing band asleep in the steering wheel, the 9 Grammy Awards. In addition to working while sleeping on the wheel, Ray is also a brilliant product. Ray is also a founding member of the rhythm and blues institution, which collects money to help R&B Canthakha artists, and a member of the Sims Foundation, which provides low -cost mental health services for Austin and their families. He is also a guardian of the Texas branch in Narras, a member of the Board of Directors of the St. Davids Corporation for Community Health, and a founding member of the health alliance of Austin. Nobody can take you on a trinity in Texas like Ray Benson - join us weekly for the latest real Texas music!
716 ::: The Map (2003) ::: music ::: Based on research videos in the field of Hunan province, China and newly shot sequences, the film provided live, visual and sound accompaniment, to the world-renowned Yo-Yo MA and L-l to L a cellist and at the 'Boston symphonic orchestra. He has toured and has been seen in many biggest concert halls in the world.
717 ::: The Gershwin's 'Porgy and Bess' (2013) ::: music ::: George Gorshwin miraculously melted classical music, popular songs, jazz, blues, blues and spiritually melted this best American work, telling the poignant story of a handicapped beggar, the headstrong woman she loves, and that community, and that community Which maintains both of them. San Francisco Chronicle praised the production of Franceska Zambello as "powerful Pori and Base ... ... led by conductor John Deman and led by Eric Owens and Lakita Mitchell sung by a strong artists led by Eric Owens and Lakita Mitchell. Pori Sensitivity to part. -San Jose Merkari News "Triumphant! A top-office, sold-out pori and base." -San Francisco Examinator
718 ::: "La grande farandole" (1961) ::: music ::: The comedians Roger Pierre and Jean-Marc Thibault and his friends get through the seven dwarfs, Snow White, the Marx brothers on a night full of songs, sketches to celebrate the New Year. The famous actress Claudia Cardinale is a guest surprise after the final loans.
719 ::: Guitar Center Sessions: Peter Gabriel (2010) ::: music ::: "Peter Gabriel" (QV) performs "Here comes the flood" and "father, son" of the piano and talks about his new song exchange project, his studios in the real world, his inspiration for elders and what it means to be a global global citizen , as well as take questions from the audience about his song writing.
720 ::: ADELE Live in London with Matt Lauer (2012) ::: music ::: Adele Live in London with Matt Lauer (or simply Adele Live in London) is a special Starring Adele television set up for Premiere June 5, 2012 at 8 p.m. EST on NBC, although this has changed for Sunday, June 3, 2012, though. [1] According to a statement by Sony Music Entertainment, Adele puts for an exclusive interview with the news Matt Lauer to talk about the incredible success of her record album, 21, and how she changed her life. [2] This included shows from her successful concert film, live at the Royal Albert Hall.
721 ::: Utada United 2006 (2006) ::: music ::: J-POP Princess Utada Hikru has not kept a live tour throughout the ages. However, all of this changed with the launch of the Utada United 2006 tour at the state level. It was recorded live with high -vision technology during its disturbance in Saitama Super Arena, atmosphere, excitement, and 21 UTADA paths now available for home display. Its drops in Oricon No. 1 COLORS, Hikaru and Sakura in addition to many other favorites, and ensures Hikki addiction from start to finish with energy -packed DVD version.
722 ::: Umphrey's McGee: Live at Boulder Theater (2013) ::: music ::: Among the Umfree tradition, the band followed a legendary Red Rocks show with an intimate Colorado theater show. Filling the room before the first note, the boulder theater audience knew they were for the treat. Never left anything on the table, Umfrey has taken a set list of songs that have not seen a day light in Colorado for some years. Rock comfortably in your room in amazing HD. Hold tightly. Anger. Rest. Repeat.
723 ::: "Playboy's Beach House" (2010) ::: music ::: Playboy TV beach house turns the vast Malibu house into the ultimate party paradise. Playmates in bikini, celebrity musicians, girls at the top less party, SOCAL STOP in an Get Wild The most sexy beach fan. In the battle of the form, there is a naked bounce house and poolside performance by artists such as Lil John and LMFAO.
724 ::: "66th & Broadway" (2015) ::: music ::: Eighteen artists from New York City offers original materials focusing on the topic of New York stories through the types of comedy/improvisation, music, dance and spoken word. The first open night was registered at the TISCH WNET Studios at the Lincoln Center in front of a small direct audience on May 18, 2016, and it was broadcast live on Thirteen.org.
725 ::: Meat Loaf: Live with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra (2004) ::: music ::: Loaf Meat returns with a live show in Melbourne, Australia, with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra.
726 ::: "Liga dk" (2005) ::: music ::: Starting in 2005, Liga DK became a musical show for Danish television, which focuses fully on Danish music, based in video scheme and host Christian Laith, on the music that is playing. Starting from a half -hour display, it was expanded to an hour in 2006, and in the end it has different changes in coordination, including the scheme that is removed in favor of more interviews and features. In 2007, the show, which was now called Liga, was delivered by foreign and vertical music, to 30 minutes due to the scheduling changes only to appear in a 45 -minute version in the fall. Late the year, the offer was announced at the end of the year and that the Christian Laith host will continue to start his registration mark.
727 ::: Blues and Gospel Train (1964) ::: music ::: An innovative musical is presented with the audience on one side and the musicians on the station on a real railroad track. Sony Terry and Brownie are also presenting: 'Rocking and a hooping' Harmonica Blues' IM A roaming rambler '.. cousin only J J Sings' Hot Dog' and 'I A Railroad Porter' .. Mud water 'blow The wind blow 'and' you can't lose what you never were '..' Sister Rosetta Tharpe 'Na Children', 'Trouble Trouble' and 'The whole world in his hands' performs.
728 ::: Die Walküre (2004/I) ::: music ::: The performances of Richard Wagner's ring cycle in Stuttgart caused a sensation that has been unknown in the late 1970s since the monumental century ring in Bayreuth. "Four Opera - Four level Director" was the artistic idea behind the cycle of 1999/2000 under the musical direction of Lothar Zagrose. Appreciation of the individual operas from the Ring des Nibelungen, without being able to refer to previous or subsequent action lines, enabled the stage directors - handpicked among the successful Stuttgart opera teams, which implemented the artistic director Klaus Zehelein. In 2002, the German critics voted for the fourth time in Stuttgart 'State Opera "Opera House of the Year" for the fourth time in five years. This series was recorded live at Revival Performances in 2002 and 2003 and recognizes the artistic and musical performance of the Stuttgart Opera House and a wonderful occupation of singers. Production was led by the "psychoanalyst" Christoph Nel, who decided to win Angela Denoke as a winning debut.
729 ::: Bruce Springsteen with the Sessions Band: Live in Dublin (2007) ::: music ::: Bruce Springstein with The Sessions Band Live in Dublin's Feature 23 songs derived from the band's performances in Dublin, Ireland, on the scene of November 17, 18 and 19, 2006. Songs include the favorite of Fans at The Seeger Sessions, radical interpretations of The Springsteen Songbook and rare songs appear for the first time in every Springsteen edition. The DVD captures the group during the final of their tour with many legs 2006.
730 ::: Patti Page Sings the Hits (2004) ::: music ::: Singing anger - Miss Strip page! She was the best -selling female singer of the 1950s and her popularity continues even today. Here is a magnificent classification of Patty, singing some of her cutest melodies, some of her most memorable television appearances.
731 ::: Europe: Live at Sweden Rock - 30th Anniversary Show (2013) ::: music ::: The concert, filmed at the Swedish Rock festival in June 2013, is not only the biggest extensive show against 30,000 people, but also shows the thirty anniversary of the band. They celebrate by playing 28 songs throughout their career. Among the heavy rock songs, they also sit for an emotional audio set that gives this great exhibition to the exhibition.
732 ::: Improvisation (2004) ::: music ::: In 1950, Gojon Mili Plus filmed by additional performances, filmed in 1977 and 1979, filmed by Granz and Jazz critic Nut Hentoff and shot by 1944 Short Jamin The Blues.
733 ::: Wineskin: Psychedelic Circus, 2008 (2009) ::: music ::: Wineskin: Circus Psycheedelic, 2008. Bucks Bucks, Wineskin is an evolving music device. This group is four pieces and often more than its parts. They proudly shake the rock -ol flag, they made songs from the unique fabric made from it. They break down American music landscape and draw its heritage and rich genres. You will never master any of them that are still unable to present them originally. From the slow rise to the country to the ball, rock rock songs, middle rock rock. They can play with a comfortable feeling and sound like a space ship that is suspended on your home. Their live performances are galvanized, galactic, earthy and small. Freaks Music Live compares them with widespread horror and mule, but it is their own blood and intestines that play per gig and a wide range of sounds flying from the scene. Vinskin can be called "Truggle Rock", with some of the great groups shared and shared the scene.
734 ::: Awolnation: The Documentary (2015) ::: music ::: AWOLNATION - The documentary captures Aaron Bruno during his first performance in South America, 3 years after the release of Megalithic Symphony and on the edge of the release of his second album. With the multi-plain success behind him, Aaron returns to the Chemin du Tourbillon which leads him here and reveals each side of his history: good, bad, struggle and rewards.
735 ::: Valley Fever: Green on Red Live at the Rialto (2006) ::: music ::: "In the monument in the monument in the vague, the dinner of the historical hotel in the rede, the green in the Ryloto Hotel Erazona, the Siern Alex Has reached the pride. Schipped by a number of tourists from the congression. The green in the nearby two decades is the green seat of a large tree in the mountain to remain the best and the Talked to elephants. The rest is history, or at least one beautiful lie ... Sharia, is the difference?
736 ::: El misterio de las lagunas, fragmentos Andinos (2011) ::: music ::: In the Venezuelan Andes region, the stories they were told by farmers with a sense of good humor, we will travel back in time, after the wall that created the legends, through an oral tradition , magical realism and songs that reveal collective awareness and characteristics of their culture.
737 ::: Music for Relief Presents Concert for the Philippines (2014) ::: music ::: The relief music responds to Typhoon Hayian to provide immediate relief to the 12 million people who were affected by the storm that caused floods, landslides and huge destruction. The southern California groups of Linkin Park, the offspring and the bad religion have joined their efforts to organize an intimate concert event. The artists, together with special guests, will help to collect money to deliver critical medicines and emergency medical services with an emphasis on efforts to prevent water, sanitary and illness through music for relief and on -site partners, international medical corps. Relief music is founded by Linkin Park and is a non -profit organization of 501 (C) (3) dedicated to providing the assistance of the survivors of natural disasters and the prevention of such disasters. Join Linkin Park, The Flpring and Bad Religion with special guests for a night of music, everyone happens live at Club Nokia in Los Angeles.
738 ::: Girls in Bands at the BBC (2015) ::: music ::: Very often, any excellent rock female musician has to answer a predictable question - what is it like being a girl in a band? For many people, the appearance of a girl who shatters a guitar or lying on the battery is still a bit of a novelty. Once the women began to form their gangs, they were given labels - The rock chick, The Girl Band or half of the rock 'n' roll couple. Kate Mossman aims to look beyond the clichés of fallen angels, grunge babies and rock chicken as she gets unused stories from the first line of rock to find out if it has always been different for the girl in a group.
739 ::: Grateful Dead: The Closing of Winterland (1978) ::: music ::: The title stemes from the fact that it was the last concert in the Winterland Arena in San Francisco, which was closed shortly afterwards. The dead celebrated the closure as an about five -hour party and invited some guests, including guitarist John Cipollina from Quicksilver Messenger Service and Ken Kesey, as well as actor Dan Aykroyd who provided the midnight countdown.
740 ::: Hudba kolonád (1975) ::: music ::: Richard shows the famous magician who stayed in Carls Bad from 1926 to 1938 at the International Magician celebration in Carls Bad. At these times the time went slowly and easily and the world-made spa's guests did not want to know anything about a restless world outside the spa. Wili ('Jira Harzan' (CUV) and his partner Wilma ('Jan Brezkova' (QV)) are twelve exchanges - twelve springs - twelve cups - twelve cups every night twelve roses are better and good. One night he failed in his show and removed two artists.
741 ::: What Do You Think of the Programme So Far? (1992) ::: music ::: Jim Bob and Fudbath recall about the early years at the Glastonberi Festival in 1992. "Garbage carriers", "Sheriff Fatman", "Sheriff Fatman", "Tell him with flowers", "The only living child in the new cross" and "I still go out".
742 ::: Earache: I Crusher Complete (2008) ::: music ::: The film compilation of the EARACHE RECORDS heavy metal label combines the contents of both ICRUSHER 1 and 2. This includes music films by artists such as "God of Parassenger" by Morttiis, "The Burial of Your Dead" by The Haunted, "Christbait Rising" by Godflesh. , "Nothing" by community 1 and more. It also includes live performance of Napalm's death, carcass, cathedral and more. In addition, this includes audio songs from rabies, December wolves, fronts and ultraviolet.
743 ::: Sweet Chariot (2010) ::: music ::: Each summer on a tiny island off the Maine coast, an ec themics mix of banking, fiddlers, agreement, bagpipers and folk singers gather to play for each other, local islands and ships the visiting schooner. This weird "Sweet Chariot" music festival, with its traditional marine shanties, dropping concert hall, dockside lobster bakes and multi-generational jam, offers a taste of the past days and a rare idea in the American classic.
744 ::: "Studio at the Memo" (2013) ::: music ::: Studio at the Memo is a live entertainment format that brings the best cabaret, burleske, circus, dance and music artists together with a house band to support all acts in an atmosphere that feels like Berlin between the wars, Rick's Café in Casablanca, and Las Vegas In the era of Rat Pack. The host is Tim Rogers, a bona fide rock star who also performs a few songs with the house band and chats with some of the artists. A provocative mix of edgy, dangerous and refreshing studio or location-based art and entertainment programming.
745 ::: Guitar Center Sessions: Peter Gabriel (2010) ::: music ::: 'Peter Gabriel' (QV) performs "here comes the flood" and "father, boy" on the piano and talks about his new song exchange project, his real -world studios, his inspiration for the elders and what will He says to be a global citizen, as well as asking questions from the audience for his writing of songs.
746 ::: A Midsummer Night's Dream (1967) ::: music ::: The Shakespeare's Musical Ballet based on the fans of the delusions and the feud of the fever. The story is told by implementation, without spoken parts.
747 ::: Aayna Ka Bayna (2012) ::: music ::: They cross the tightrope between good and evil. They are hungry for recognition, fame, and respect. They are very talented, but absolutely raw. Their special gifts are street smart and survival art. They are impatient and are charged to get their own share if they all beat their laces. These nine boys when they were young, danced at the boy's platform operated by the tyrant monitor, to realize their passion, hope, and their dreams. The nine boys who are amortized by society, the past devils of their past, reach out to the stars. Is their rebellion rewarded? Will they be the master of their destiny? They cross the tightrope between good and evil. They are hungry for recognition, fame, and respect. They are very talented, but absolutely raw. Their special gifts are street smart and survival art. They are impatient and are charged to get their own share if they all beat their laces. These nine boys when they were young, danced at the boy's platform operated by the tyrant monitor, to realize their passion, hope, and their dreams. The nine boys who are amortized by society, the past devils of their past, reach out to the stars. Is their rebellion rewarded? Will they be the master of their destiny?
748 ::: Renegades of Rhythm (2015) ::: music ::: Using vinyl exclusively borrowed from the collection of historical records and genres of Africa Bambaataa, designated, DJ Shadow and Cut Renegade of Rhini Rhine Ritiga is affected in Oakland, California in this professionally documented film experience. You are there in the audience as two DJs discover the evolution of hip-hop music and culture, using the same objects that helped create it. "Not just any record-master of" Records "records.
749 ::: John Davidson with Love (1972) ::: music ::: Barbara McNair sings "I don't know how to love him", John sings "I have love". The Nashville Brass appears "by Dixie with Love". Floyd plays "Last Date" and the topic "Brian's song". George sings "I chose a lemon in the garden of love".
750 ::: American Jazz Greats (2012) ::: music ::: American Jazz Great: Past and Present is an excellent television special that serves as the continuation of America's first True Art Form Jazz. Billy Taylor was known as the most recognized voice for the conservation of Jazz. He passes the torch and challenges Alan Barns. Barns, who met, talked and played with Taylor, recognized the need to make Jazz champion champions. He made up of an all -star band, Peaceful Warriors, five band leaders, showcasing American Jazz standards on the show, including an American Jazz Great as his music insight into his 70 years and reflections of Billy Taylor.
751 ::: Sammy Hagar & the Wabos: Livin It Up! (2006) ::: music ::: Sammy Hagar and the Wabos - Livin 'It Up Live! - Trapped live in St Louis on their American tour of 2006, Sammy and the Wabos bring home with songs from their new album, Livin 'It Up, as well as some of Sammy's famous solo work. He joined on stage for the second half of the show of the legendary bassist of Van Halen, Michael Anthony, the band crosses some of Rock Radio's classic songs. From "I Can't Drive 55" and "More Tequila" to "finish what began" and "right now", it is a great holiday with the "Red Red"!
752 ::: Suzanna Lubrano: Live at Off-Corso (2011) ::: music ::: Suzanna Lubrano Live at Off-Corso Suzanna Lubrano's debut DVD, live at off-corso, offers a breathtaking live performance. Live at Off-Corso was originally a TV concert that has now been broadcast on television in numerous countries around the world, including Brazil, Portugal and many more. Published on DVD in June 2010, this incredible performance plays a number of special guests and dancers, including; Dutch saxophonist Candy Dulfer, Dutch Idol candidate David Goncalves, Lantuna, the Lamba Zouk dance team and the Brazilian Zouk Team.
753 ::: Stevie Ray Vaughan & Double Trouble: Live from Austin, Texas (1995) ::: music ::: Steve Ready viden lives with two of his triangles in spreading the restrictions of the city. " "From the Austin, Texas" one separate sample from Austin city limits, "one of the vividan and happiness", "and" crossfire ".
754 ::: "66th & Broadway" (2015) ::: music ::: New York City's A Teen Artists, COME Medi/Improvizing, Presenting the original material focusing on stories of New York through the styles of music, dance and spoken word. This was the first open Mike Night tapped in front of a small living audience on May 18, 2016 at the Tish WNET studio at Lincoln Center, and thirteen. Was streamed on.
755 ::: Brulé: Live from Branson (2011) ::: music ::: The theater in Branson from the cinema, M.O., which includes the real meaning of the Brulee mission from the cinema, which comes from the cinema. Concert 14 songs made of Brony are 14 songs of the catalog of the catalog "Dakota Rain", not before the release of the Dakota Rain. Trademarks of traditional American dances and modern American music are recognized as a benchmark in American theatrical performances around the world.
756 ::: Learning from the Legends: Bruch Violin Concerto No. 1 in G Minor, Op. 26 featuring Lara St. John (2014) ::: music ::: Learning from legends, world-famous violin Soloist Lara St. John taught the violin concerts of Max Bruch in Zee Minor, op. 26. Aspirational violin players can now take their game to the next level with a list of this necessary demonstrations. Lara offers full and detailed lessons on all three movements of St. John Bruch's famous work. Using the format of a private music text, given right on his screen, students will see that Lara breaks each movement measurement-by-cope, taught advanced techniques and some additional special tricks that top artists have their audiences Has used to dazzle and amaze. Lara includes a downloadable special version of the violin sheet music edited by St. John and Joy Corpus.
757 ::: The Bartered Bride (2006) ::: music ::: This has become a popular classic for regular incration on the Czech television in the New Year's broadcasting program. This recording was only available in the western part until 2006, only as a sound recording by ZDENEK KOSLER released by Supraphon in 1981 in 1981.
758 ::: Chris Barber: As We Like It (2008) ::: music ::: As we offer it against the film of jazz and blouse legends in a classy and blouse glosses in a classy night, movies live in classic studio, the movie Live in studio. This classic Krisk is a warm, the Javed water from the world, plus the transverse album, the plus the mile duce, duke welington, Sony Tryangton, Sony Tree and Brown And don't have a lot brothers in the time described as "a sad activity". Big Cresub Barber Bond formatting and the lower puberty from the lower man blues from the Final Man Blues from Andern Formger '. My bar falls' and 'will keep the underling'.
759 ::: "Guitar Center Sessions" (2010) ::: music ::: 'Peter Gabriel' (QV) displays "Hear Kams The Flood" and "Father, Son" and his new song exchange project, his actual world studios, his motivation and world for adults, as well as from the audience about the writing of his songs from the audience Taking questions.
760 ::: CMT Star: Rides (2009) ::: music ::: The series are the lives of modern cowboys and girls these days. The first hand interviews, personal accounts and the stage shots, each episode gives you close to the life of your favorite country artist. Learn what is the country's star in today's world.
761 ::: Metallica - Français pour une nuit (2009) ::: music ::: Metallica lives in Nimes, France - more than 2 hours of the best hits live in an impressive Roman coliseum. After the world destruction that was the Magnetic Tour of Death, in July 2009, the four riders of the Apocalypse entered the Roman Colosseum in Nimes, France and unleashed a set of great amazing hits.
762 ::: Behind the Player: Paul Gray (2008) ::: music ::: Paul Gray is the Grammyž award -winning bass player of Slipknot. Gray gives an intimate rear -the scenes, look at his life as a professional musician -including rare photos and video images. Gray then gives in -depth bass lessons for playing "duality" and "popping up" through Slipknot and joins the tracks with stone sour drummer Roy Mayorga.
763 ::: "Mik Schacks hjemmeservice" (2001) ::: music ::: Especially about Dane's Tavide's: beer and sausage! It is clear that the Danish have no problem spending more on the imported beer (E.I. It is better that the medium Danish beer) but when it comes to the sausage they prefer cheap and impressive. MIK Schak takes the challenge on both fronts.
764 ::: American Ballet Theatre in San Francisco (1985) ::: music ::: The American Ballet Theater dances some pieces in the War Memorial Opera House, in San Francisco, such as "Airs" by Paul Taylor, Dos Pas-deux: The black swan duo of the third act of "Swan Lake", played by Fernando Bujones and Cynthia Gregory; and Romeo and Juliet of Sir Kenneth Macmillan, danced by Natalia Makarova and Kevin McKenzie, "Jardin Aux Lilas" by Antony Tudor and, finally, the "Great Galope Gottschalk", organized by Lynn Taylor -Corbett.
765 ::: The Map (2003) ::: music ::: Depending on the field survey through Hithan area, China and the new painting, both the browser and that is typical yo-yo and Boston Symphonyside Orchlony. It has been to and saw a lot of playing rooms in the world.
766 ::: How to Make It in the Music Industry: Steps to Stardom, Vol. 1 (2006) ::: music ::: Behind the doors and in the mind of the original label A & R, the recorder. With the CEO, entertainment lawyers, sound engineers, managers, promoters, distributors, celebrities and producers who artists such as; Michael Jackson, Beyoncé, Motley Crue, only to name a few items. Learn how to convert yourself into a million dollar asset of industry managers such as Arista Records, Bad Boys Entertainment or TVT Records and many more. From this informative tool, you will get valuable information, commercial secrets and step -by -step guidance for each person to reach the stars.
767 ::: Scuzz Meets Taking Back Sunday (2014) ::: music ::: Returning on Sunday, included in Scuzz Meets ... on Scuzz TV, a series of television special offers that usually covered the history of groups with music videos and live videos in 60 minutes. In this show, they talk about the ups and falls, the changing lines and the future of TBS.
768 ::: "GidtedLive" (2012) ::: music ::: Come closer to the bands you like, without leaving your house. Giftedlive brings you closer to the bands that you love, without having to leave the comfort of your house. It is a new 'online music show' that takes place in a format similar to a TV program that is broadcast live and directly from beautiful locations: The Belfast Empire Music Hall and Monroes Live, Galway.
769 ::: Reading Festival 1993 (1993) ::: music ::: The three 90 -minute programs filmed in the Japan JSB channel in the original stage of the 1993 reading festival. Filmmakers included Rage Against the Machine, The Porno For Pyros, Siouxsie and Banshees, New Order and NED atomic dust.
770 ::: "ABC Barn Dance" (1949) ::: music ::: One of the most popular television programs, it started as a radio "National Reserve Bi", which was originally started in 1924. Modern dance music is primarily in the national, country and western styles.
771 ::: The Strat Pack (2005) ::: music ::: Members of Queen, Thin Lizi, Shadows, Free, Eagles, Roxy Music, Pink Floyd and Rolling Stones plus solitary confinement by Albert Lee, and Paul Carak and many more, all of them were always in one stage for the largest guitar concert.
772 ::: Mogwai: Burning (2010) ::: music ::: The Mogwai Scottish gang performs an incandescent show in front of a surprised crowd. Had the time been quiet, the audience is transported together by the waves of musical, both poetic and violent. 'Burning' immerses in this wild sensual flow. Directors Vincent Moon and Nathanael Le scaarenec guide us in a dream where there is no tomorrow. This is a black and white experience of the senses carved by the raw emotion of this pioneer group that does not need words to touch the heart of its listeners. The layer and innovative, the film has its finger tightly in their pulse, a voice adventure between hope and rebellion. A life of feelings in just one night.
773 ::: The 15th Annual Grammy Awards (1973) ::: music ::: The American American Academy of The Audiosem Audiese record audio records of Audio, 1958. A warm language annually for the team's permission of 'the records Academy'.
774 ::: "Vidalexus Presents: Reengineering Popular Music with Raquel Sofía" (2016) ::: music ::: Vidalexus RPM is an original weekly web series that takes the public to a musical journey, exploring different genera of Latin music and re -entering its sound with the help of Latin pop sensation Raquel Sofía. The series follows Raquel while traveling to four American cities, Miami, New York, Chicago and Los Angeles, to learn more about the types of Latin music that have had a strong cultural presence in each region. Along the way, request the help of expert local musicians to imagine the genre of each city by combining classic elements with its unique contemporary sound. Throughout his trips, Raquel collaborates with some of the best producers and musicians, including: Mr. Pauer; Dj le spam all stars; Tony Smurfio de Afrobeta; Ulises Lozano de Kinky; and Marcelo Tijerina de Dubwiser Mexicano.
775 ::: A Word to the Madre (1993) ::: music ::: Rappin 'Cristo, a Chicano raper, born La Puente, gets the song, a word to the mother, while she travels to the east LA, while in La Gente, Chicanos and Mexicans, which In the city of Los Angeles, California resides, standing. Was a scam of music video, meaning entertainment, laughing, or insulting your religious sensitivities, while still honest, to the word of Jesus.
776 ::: CMA Red Carpet 2006 (2006) ::: music ::: CMT TRY TO ABC TV network stars and the largest stars in the country is in music as they pig the pig carpet for the 5th Annual Country Organizing Prizes! Hosted by 'Katie Cooking' (QVI) (QV) (QV) (VV) (VVI) (VVI) (VVI) (VVI) (VVI) (VVI) (VVI) (VVI) (VVI) (VVI) Carpet!
777 ::: G-Lock: Absorbed by the Grid (1997) ::: music ::: G -Lock - absorbed by the schedule filmed on August 16, 1997. Chris McLaren (Bas), Frank Thomas (guitar / vocals, Mykill (drums), Liz Spires (vocals) and Steve Neal (vocals) in the bonus video. This DVD became From 1997 from a VHS tape, so audio and video quality, may not be 100% in all areas. Flowered warning for attacks by blinking images or lights.
778 ::: Universo di notte (1962) ::: music ::: Starting in Las Vegas with a dance of the Bluebells, we get a variety, with jugglers, singers, Thais boxing, pitch fights and so on. A variety that takes place in Hong Kong, Manila, New York, Paris, Cremona. The break between an action and the next is a striptease.
779 ::: The Suzanne Somers Special (1982) ::: music ::: The air carrier's carrier of air carrier carrier in San Dora Bayyar, a US Rangers' Sparko, Suzanin Stranger sings and pisses the same. Her visitors are 6000 tourists from US New Yaua. The marriage of singers in her guests, and happy knight and back. Plus Camedin flip Wilson, Saiki 'Gzildin "do the stone and corporate bodies and the merry scared the pop song up to 19040s.
780 ::: Fuji Rock Festival '97 (1997) ::: music ::: The first music festival in Japan - Fuji Rock Festival - Mount Fuji in Fuji Tenjin -Yama Ski Resort. Red Hot Chilli Peppers Headline Performance had to be canceled due to the storm due to a half -way storm, but no one in 30,000 audiences could forget that on that first day.
781 ::: Zulu Awards '04 (2004) ::: music ::: The third annual "People Choice" award ceremony of Browcaster TV2 Zulu, which is awarded "Zulu" in 13 category covering music, television, commercial advertisements, sports and films. Candidates are chosen by a selected jury from experts in all five arts.
782 ::: The Gospel Live Concert (2005) ::: music ::: Expected by Anthony Anderson (Barbers, Hustle & Flow), The Live Gospel Live Characteristics, Soul-Stiring Distribution from Gospel Mary Mary, Kiki Sheard, Hezekiah Walker, Martha Munizzi and more! Also presenting all the red carpet interviews with celebrities including the Grammy Cece Winans and the All-Star Caste of the Gospel feature.
783 ::: The 40th Annual Grammy Awards (1998) ::: music ::: Grammy - The Music Award for the American Academy of the Audio Recording, was established on March 14, 1958 by the American Association of Sound -Recording Companies. Grammy is provided per year as a result of voting by authorized members of the "Recording Academy".
784 ::: The 40th Annual Grammy Awards (1998) ::: music ::: Grammy - American Academy of the
785 ::: Grateful Dead: The Closing of Winterland (1978) ::: music ::: The title derives from the fact that it was the last concert at the Winterland Arena in San Francisco, which closed shortly after. The dead celebrated the closure as a party of approximately five hours and invited some guests, including guitarist John Cipollina of the Messenger Service of Quicksilver and Ken Kesey, as well as actor Dan Aykroyd, who provided the midnight counting account.
786 ::: The 59th Annual Grammy Awards (2017) ::: music ::: Celebrations at Staples Center in Los Angeles Honor of High Achievements in the Sound Responsion Industry, James Cordon (I) (QV) hosts; Planned contractors include "John Legend (I)" (QV), "Metallica" (QV), "Carrie Underwood" (QV), "Keith Urban (II)", "Adele (I)" (QV), and Bruno Mars (QV).
787 ::: "Vidalexus Presents: Reengineering Popular Music with Raquel Sofía" (2016) ::: music ::: Vidalexus RPM is a main weekly web series that takes the audience on a music journey and explores various Latin music genres and re -engineers their voice with the help of Raquel Sofía. The series is traveling to the four US cities - Miami, New York, Chicago and Los Angeles - for more information on the types of Latin music that has had a cultural presence in each area. Along the way, he helps with the help of local specialist musicians to re -imagine the genre of each city by combining classic elements with his unique contemporary voice. During his trips, Rockls collaborates with some of the best producers and musicians, including: Mr. Pauer. DJ Lo Spam of Spam All Stars; Tony Smurfio from afrobeta; Ulises lozano of kinky; And Marcelo Tigrina from Mexican Dubwiser.
788 ::: "Studio at the Memo" (2013) ::: music ::: The studio at Memo is a live entertainment format that brings the best cabaret, burlesque, circus, dance and music artists with a group of houses to support all the acts of an atmosphere that looks like Berlin between wars, coffee From Rick to Casablanca and Las Vegas in the Rat Pack era. The host is Tim Rogers, a rock star in good faith who also interprets some songs with the group of house and chats with certain artists. A provocative studio provocative, dangerous and refreshing studio or arts and entertainment based on location.
789 ::: The Cars: Heartbeat City (1984) ::: music ::: When you arrive in the music video, cars were always at the cutting edge. And the video cassette in the heart of the heart is distinguished by songs from the most successful albums. Andy Warchol's heart beats lead a disco to new avenues before the 80s.
790 ::: Bad Religion: Live at the Palladium (2006) ::: music ::: Live At the Palladium is a live concert by Punk Religion, released in March 2006. The film has been in Palladium in Hollywood, California on November 21 and 22, 2004. DVD uses integrated branches to deliver two View options: Complete concert is intertwined with group interview videos. Only concert movie. The only bad religion albums that do not have songs in this performance (including sentences released before filming) are in the unknown, without material and new America. The cease version is broadcast in a solo piano, as recorded in the solitary album of the Grafin Grafin, the American lesion. After the end of the game "21st Century (Digital Boy))" Grafin Grafin incorrectly identifies the song as "version of the seed", which actually played a strange version of the story version. The title card before the "along the way" shows that this song is from this album how to make hell worse? (Probably referred to the Remastered 2004 version, which includes their initial discs unknown minus) When the song has never been recorded to release the album. It actually appears in its EP 1985 to "known".
791 ::: Viva Vivaldi! (2000) ::: music ::: Monzo-Soprano Cecilia Bartoli joins the amazing IL Giardino Armenico in a Baroque music program from composer Antonio Vivalde, "Red Priest". The ceremony includes Arias and useful pieces of Opera victory for Lollipidi, Tito Manu, Auton in Villa, La Vida Ninfa, Bagit (Il Tamlano), and a passionate performance of the fate. The Concerto band in C Major for Flautino (known as Penny Whistle) and Concerto in D Major for Lute. The prevailing part of the music was not known and copied specifically from the original manuscripts in Vivaldi by the world of music Claudio Osele. The international film crew of RM Associas is run by veteran opera manager Brian and produced by the classic music producer Colin Wilson. The musical event was presented at The Superb Art-Deeco Théatre des Champs-eysées, Paris in September 2000.
792 ::: Snowflake Symphony Christmas Special (2009) ::: music ::: The Snowflake Symphony Christmas Special is a walk in the nostalgic side of Christmas. Erica Lane is also joined by members of Nashville Choir. They interpret a mixture of traditional and modern Christmas songs mixed with media, lights and a Christmas memory for the whole family.
793 ::: Fela in Concert (1981) ::: music ::: The charismatic superstar was at its best in this historic cone recorded in Paris. AFRO-BEAT FELA music inspired by Charlie Parker, Bab Marley and Miles Davis, Funk and Jazz with traditional African music. His several components are dumb by a strange tribal dance performed by 15 of his wives.
794 ::: Fairport Convention: Folk Heroes (2017) ::: music ::: FIRPORT: Folk Heroes tells the story of how in the late 1960s, a group of North London musicians shaken traditional English folk music by rocking it with rock - simultaneous New and devoted audience. Through the newly filmed interviews with the group, including Richard Thompson, the Fairport: Folk Heroes Convention on how the group survived the tragedy, when their drummer was killed early in a car accident, and Subsequently, the tragic death of the original singer of Danny and how they discovered and hired some of the country's best virtues overcame the combination to constantly invent themselves.
795 ::: Mic Check Live: Smash Mouth Rockumentary (2011) ::: music ::: On July 17, 2011, multi-plane artists Smash Mouth performed directly on the Hard Rock Cafe in the Vegas Strip, broadcasting their 60-minute epic concert at the SH.B.A. and Canada on HDNET, CBS Radio, and CBS Digital. Mojoflo 360 Multimedia Global Branding: This immature epic concert of the mouth was originally broadcast live at the same time on HDNET television, CBS Radio, and CBS Internet radio filite throughout the US and Canada on July 17, 2011. Starting "concerts HDNET "2012 TV 2012 Season Sunday 24 June on AXS.TV-New Ring" Ryan Seacrest, Mark Cuban, Caa & AEG "Venture TV (Former HDNET) -This showcase of all rockytary smash hits of mouth From the live concert while getting backstage fans across the band's growth to sell over 10 million records around the world and licensed their music in over 35 Hit studio films and television shows (including the theme song in the winning exclusivity of Disney's Osney Price Osney's "Shrek").
796 ::: Diplomats & Friends: The Book of Hip-Hop (2006) ::: music ::: Live and list in Harlem's concert. 90 minutes hard, striking hip-hop with cam'rom, Juelel Santana and Jim Jones from the Harlem diplomats as well as some of the best Roc-a-fur, including State Property with Beanie Sigel and Peedi Crakk, Memphis Bleek and a special knowledge-occupied interview segment With Damon Dash and DJ note. Moderated by Doug E. Fresh. This is alive, uncut and unadulterated!
797 ::: Real Change: Artists for Education (2013) ::: music ::: The real change is a lift and star-studded, prime-time, an hour's network television specials that celebrate teachers and individuals who make a difference to American schools today. A real change will be aired on CBS O&O on April 23, 2013, two weeks of the week before the 5th May National Teacher Praise. The goal of a real change is to promote philanthropic ideals and great actions, and the motivation is to be involved and make a difference to every American. The result will move the nation to "identify, explore, adopt, and live for alive."
798 ::: Accoustic Alchemy: Sounds of St. Lucia (2003) ::: music ::: The British Caribbean work work.
799 ::: Improvisation (2004) ::: music ::: Improvised Jazz performance was shot by Jezon Mili in 1950 and also featured additional exhibitions shot in 1977 and 1979, with Granz and Jazz critic Nat Hentaf contacts, and 1944 Short Jamin the Blues.
800 ::: Le commando des sans-soleil (1984) ::: music ::: Turning to different sub -topics, the author denies the exploitation of young people from the system through an allegory, which is both fantastic and dramatic. The file includes scenes in the studio and outdoors, where we recognize the Lionel-Groulx metro station in Montreal. The work is performed by Francis Reddy, Rene Richard Sir and Marcia Pilot.
801 ::: The Cars: Heartbeat City (1984) ::: music ::: The cars were always up to date when it comes to music videos. And the Heartbeat City Video Cassette with songs from its most successful albums in the band is no exception. Andy Warhol's instructions on the heartbeat city brings the fun of the disco into the new ways of the early until the mid -1980s.
802 ::: Masters of Love and Sound (2018) ::: music ::: For more than 3 decades, 8 musicians coupled in Toronto dug their musical path with countless musical effects and personal conflicts. The journey of these pipes, the Sufis, and the aides of the strange groove led to the transcendent vibrations of the masters of love and sound.
803 ::: Santana: Santana IV - Live at the House of Blues, Las Vegas (2016) ::: music ::: On March 21, 2016, a few weeks prior to the release of the Santana IV album, this classic line-up from Santana came on stage in the House of Blues in Las Vegas. This was a hugely expected reunion of a line-up that had not performed and recorded since the early 1970s. It brought back the sparkling combination of rock, Latin, blues, jazz and African rhythms, which was the trademark of the band and made them really unique.
804 ::: Tony Bennett & Lady Gaga: Cheek to Cheek Live! (2014) ::: music ::: Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga, who used to be shot in front of a live audience in New York City in 2014. This glamorous shop window, which is supported by a 39-member orchestra, marries the art talent of a legendary crooner with a global pop star, which is equipped with theater genius Robert Wilson. The result is a nostalgic treat with a modern touch.
805 ::: Green Day: Awesome As F**K (2011) ::: music ::: Green Day recorded all the shows in the 21st century breakdown tour. When he concluded, the band members, singer-guitarist Billie Joe Armstrong, bassist Mike Dirnt and drummer Tre Cool, reviewed all the shows to offer the best performances around the world. The video video was filmed in the band program in Tokyo, Japan. The package includes Green Day's greatest successes and fans' favorites, including "21 weapons", "American idiot", "When I come Around" and "Good Riddance".
806 ::: Tuscan Skies ~ Andrea Bocelli ~ (2001) ::: music ::: Bochelli performs ten songs around a free structure. After the fast at the metropolitan concert, he longed for the silence of his rural sea in Tuscany. He returns, singing in place; As he sings, he remembers his childhood, especially his relationship with his playful and attentive father and his joy around the horses. He also remembers or imagines an afternoon of love in an isolated villa. Time in the studio record of "L'Abitudine" with Helena and time at home with their two sons, they round this portrait of a native son.
807 ::: "The Starland Vocal Band Show" (1977) ::: music ::: The summer replacement comedy/a varied show hosting the Folk-rock group of the same name in Washington (Bill also Tafi Danoff, John Carol and Margo Chapman), one-time wonders ("afternoon enjoyment" before the previous year) which began as a reserve group John Denver. The comedy was provided mainly by the satirist of the D.C.
808 ::: "Grand Ole Opry" (1985) ::: music ::: "Grand Ole OPRY" represented the second TV attempt to present countryside music performances in the famous Grand Ole OPRY, and this time a permanent success on Nashville Network from cable TV. The program included live shows for rural music stars from the Founding Stars and Legendary Performance Artists to the growing arrivals every Saturday of Grand Ole OPRY HOSE (OPRY House since 1974). Initially, a 30 -minute series, the width expanded to 60 minutes in 1987, adding a preliminary chip called "OPRY BackStage"; The 30 -minute part (broadcast before OPRY this week) was distinguished by the scenes. The Grand Ole OPRY radio program dates back to 1925, when he performed countryside music on Saturday nights of the Ryman Historic Hall, then The Grand Ole OPRY House. The country's radio program has been implemented on WSM-AM (650 am, Nashville) since 1939, and it is likely to remain there for many years to come.
809 ::: "Detroit Promo Television" (2014) ::: music ::: Detroit Promo TV is a techno -based performance, where artists talk about their impulses and life options, but emphasize the importance of dance music in the industry of wrap music dominated. Detroit Promo TV shows the positive side of the detroit by displaying local business, art and everything positively in detail! The goal of the Detroit Promo TV is to create content that entertains, educate and inspire its audience. Detroit Promo provides TV programming, which expands the mind, entertains the soul and fulfills music as a vacuum.
810 ::: The Rage Factor: Rage Against the Machine Live from London (2011) ::: music ::: There is a tradition in the UK since the 1970s for an annual musical event, the celibacy of Christmas No.1 '. It is the highest music single of music on Christmas Day every year where many artists and music industry aim for this appreciation. Bets are obtained, songs are particularly recorded, and thousands allocate to national radio calculation to find out who has it. Since 2005 it has been dominated by the television show of the reality 'The X Factor' and this tradition began to disappear. In November 2009, Rage against Jon and Tracy Morther fans had decided enough. A social networking campaign began to receive an alternative No.1 in the country. It attracted over a million followers around the world plus media attention. The campaign was a success, with rage against the car selling over half a million downloads to be crowned at Christmas in the UK 2009 No.1 ... The group had pledged to play a free concert if they were to the top, And in June 2010 Rage against the car traveled to London for this historic concert
811 ::: "Unspoken Words" (2015) ::: music ::: Congrats on poat and special poetry, a criminal stanton russo Russo is required to be fire in the world. Her work with Berlin Konzerhaaus is the last in Germany: Lubb. Desden E.v. Desden City, Berlin without the meetings for the players, KLINGUM St. Program: 4 balls of chonades, Lowell Lieberllmann Nocturne Nr. 10 and Rachmanoff's Cats Nr. 1.
812 ::: Zen Garden: Serenity Relaxation & Meditation (2012) ::: music ::: Zen Zaranmentation - Zen Garden - Relenity Relenation & Sealition DVD, Zenquil Beauty, Zenquil Beauty, Zenquil Beauty, Zenquil, stage, stage respiration, and deep cooling DVD. The Japanese bridge invites the viewer to enter the world of my hands. Bamboo water is free to lose to the seeds of the seeds without endless and geranite basins. The soft breeze sends mature to the pond. Bonsai trees and Japanese lights (Ishi doro) are kept soft sculpture with wind and time. Representatives of the big universe and "midterms", Zen Barden - Relenity Relenation & Meditation DVD DVD DVD offers the most popular world for internal thinking. The original "Chiefs of Zen" of the original of the zenent, the search for the serant's success, beautiful new shots and relaxing sales. In the high definition, Zen Garden - Relenity Relencation & Mediation supports the quiet compatibility of traveling leandic landlords. Facilitates the natural sounds of water. Japanese instruments create a feeling of peace and peace. Internal Peace and Zen Barden - Relenity Reladation & Mediation DVD. Automatic playback - just downloading and pleasure - Automatic Lowsh - automatic Lowsh - Audio track only (use the AUDIO button on the DVD remote control) - shooting - advanced screen format. Plays any DVD player or computer with DVD capability, where you can change our apartment
813 ::: Regina Spektor Live in London (2010) ::: music ::: Live, the first live recording and concert film of live, praised artist Regina Speaker. Mainly captured in London's famous Hemorrhoid Apollo Theater, Live in London has 22 notable performance that chooses music with a spectator's brightest list such as "US," "Fidelity," "Samson" and "EET" plus only three new songs live. Has been.
814 ::: "CMT Star" (2005) ::: music ::: An exceptional peak in the world of country's superstars of music and chronicles the lives of these modern cowboys and girls. First -hand interviews, personal accounts and behind the scenes. With a close and personal look in the life of your beloved rural artist. Experience what it really means to be a country star in today's world.
815 ::: Pantera - Vulgar Video (1994) ::: music ::: Heavy metal band Panera's 1992 tour of the 1992 tour, behind the "Vulgar Display of Power" albums, which revolutionize all the excesses of the band with groups, drinking and drugs. The video also features a member of the White Zombie, Megadeth and Metalica.
816 ::: CIRCA: Live (2008) ::: music ::: Progressive rock band, circle:, display your debut concert. Circa: With the current and previous members of the legendary band 'YES' (QV), 'YES' (QV) spread in 1969–1999, along with their entire debut albums, showcase the 45-minute chronological medle of music.
817 ::: "Cruzin TV" (2004) ::: music ::: "Cruzin TV" is a show that examines the culture and music of Auto -Show -Enthusiasten. From lowriders to dub and euros cars, every show captures urban culture and lifestyle. Shows are shot in Studio, AutoHows, street festivals, concerts and much more. The segments include interviews with celebrities, special ideas of artists, music videos, cars presented
818 ::: Kings of Soul (2015) ::: music ::: Celebrating men whose vocal styles have taken the torch through the soul through six decades. It shows the little sign of Brenton Wood, seen rarely but infectious, and offers the velvet voice of Curtis Mayfield Singing continues to continue. There are innovative artists from the 60s to the nineties, with performances by Billy Preston, Bill Withers, Billy Ocean, Alexander O'Neal, Barry White, Bobby Womack and many more.
819 ::: Palazzo Ricci (2011) ::: music ::: Since 2001, the German "Hochschule für Musik und Tanz" used the Palazzo Ricci, in the heart of the city of Montepulciano in southern Tuscany, to host the European Music and Arts Academy. The film summarizes this German project only in Italy which fully concentrates on music. It presents young and talented artists from all over the world, working together in a stimulating environment, participating in master classes with internationally acclaimed teachers and musicians.
820 ::: Wineskin, Live at Puck: Doylestown, PA (2009) ::: music ::: Vineskin's sale, great American album, on June 7, 2008, the CD show on the PUCK was completed. Located at the foot of the buck county, Vineskin is a constantly evolving music machine. The group is four parts, and mostly greater than the sum of its parts. The flag of Rock-n roll is proud of the flag and they make a unique fabric. They rebuild the American music landscape and go to its rich heritage and genres. Rock songs from the scorables of slowly slowly. They can set a feeling of raging and play the next minute sound, and in the next minute sound, like a spacecraft in your house.
821 ::: Reba Live (1995) ::: music ::: The Superstar Country Reba Mcentire performs a 1995 live concert in this video launch. She performs some about her classic songs like "Is there life out there?", "The greatest man who ever knew", "For my broken heart", "Why haven't I heard of you"? "Do you love you?", And "fantasy."
822 ::: Rust Golem (2015) ::: music ::: Rust Golem is the first virtual reality music video in the world in the world, which is rotated in 360-degree live action! Read your protagonists while trying to escape the dungeon of rust golem full of magic, secret and 8-bit video game styles. With six different endings and a strict display of hand-canistic animated elements in a complete 360-degree video. Rust Golem is a funny, creepy adventure that can be played again and again!
823 ::: Behind the Player: Shannon Larkin (2008) ::: music ::: Shannon Larkin is the explosive drummer of the band Godsmack. His distinctive approach to the drum and ballistic stage presence made him a dominant force in arenas and in the studio. Larkin gives an intimate behind the scenes, who views his life as a professional musician - including rare photos and videos. Larkin then gives a thorough drum lessons on how to play "straight off the line" and "Voodoo" from Godsmack and clogs the tracks with the bassist of Godsmack Robbie Meryl.
824 ::: El misterio de las lagunas, fragmentos Andinos (2011) ::: music ::: In Venezuelan, the switches of those who are looking, we will move back, we will make fun of their culture and culture of their culture.
825 ::: "The Swift Show Wagon with Horace Heidt and the American Way" (1955) ::: music ::: Bandleader Horace HEIDT is a various talented show born from different states every week, featuring celebrities where the show was broadcast from that week.
826 ::: Ani DiFranco: Live at Babeville (2008) ::: music ::: On 11 and 12 September 2007, Ani Difranco and its group (Allison Miller in Battery, Todd Sickkoose in Bas and Mike Dillon in Vibes and Percuction) played two shows sold in front of a hometown of Buffalo, New York. What made those nights so special was not just music-that is always special in a show an ancient show that she was playing inaugural shows in her very good place, "Babeville". Now the highlights of the two shows are available in a single DVD that presents eighteen songs (two of which have not yet appeared on studio albums), plus bonus control and interview footage, all filmed in video definition high and 5.1 surrounding sounds. The result is an essential memorandum of Ani on its best stage, playing its guitar and singing with the passion, intensity and joy that have made it a legend.
827 ::: Eurovision: Your Decision (2008) ::: music ::: Six Eurovision acts will compete in three categories. The best of each category will progress in the second round, along with a lucky loser through a wild postcard. The second part of the show will see two eliminated acts, leaving two acts to fight for the ticket to Belgrade.
828 ::: Nighttown (2009) ::: music ::: Nighttown represents the history of music in Rotterdam in the Netherlands for nearly 20 years. At this Danskurab and pop venue located in the Nishi Cruise Card in the Netherlands, not only has a different culture from the streets, but also the wideest pops and dance cultures that gathered here. Masu. Until the curtain falls until 2006 ... Marcelhoug, the creator of the former night town program, and Mic redman, an external organizer, explain what old staff, artists, and followers have the power of nighttown. I made. It was not found in front of a memoir, a legendary concert (The Ramones, Amy Winehouse, Johnny Cash, Ice Cube, Underworld, etc.), and in front of the video.
829 ::: Sir John Dankworth at the BBC (2010) ::: music ::: With the introduction of the widow DAME CLEO Laine, the program respects John Dankworth IR, a jazz musician, big band leader, and composer of TV and movies. John, who features various performances of the BBC archive, played a saxophone at a Hero Duke Ellington company on the monitor in 1958, appeared with orchestra in the 1962 Royal Variety Performance, Series Jazz 625 Classic Track in Series 625 Classic Trucks Includes. With CLEO Laine, CLEO and John's 2007 performance at JOOLS HOLLAND. The information caption describes the songs played and the background of John's brilliant career. John, who died in February 2010, was a pioneer in modern British jazz and an ambassador of all British music.
830 ::: Woodstock '99 (1999) ::: music ::: In 1999, for the 30th anniversary of the original Woodstock Festival, organizers planned a three -day Woodstock '99 music festival in Rome, New York. Thousands of people came to the festival. The festival performed performers like Kid Rock and Limp Bijkit. However, not all peace and love. Bad conditions and increased prices for water led to the last night of the festival and led to exploitation.
831 ::: Lee Clayton: Live at Rockpalast (1980) ::: music ::: As one of the most respected singer/songwriters of American country Rock, Lee Clayton was quoted by Bono of U2 as an important influence. And you can hear why this bladder, which also includes songs from the gloomy controversial "Naked" child "album. The clow-rock songwriter Lee Clayton may have been the responsibility of the term "Out of Law" in 1972 with his song "Ladies Lovers", "Hit for Waylan Jennings. On this second album, he explores the obsession, ugly romances and addiction - the guitar solos in songs like "Silver Stallion" decreased easily, but did nothing else. Clayton left the music business in the eighties in favor of writing books and plays; Since then, both highways and cat Power have covered "Silver Stallion."
832 ::: Ernani (2014) ::: music ::: Ernani is the opera group and based on the Victor Hugani's Hernani. It takes like the beginning of revenge and all sides and received the first operations in March 1844, the success of the VIDE is like the writer. The fact that has been used to increase the work that is recently recently is the Renaissance of the Bel Cant.
833 ::: "Winter" (2017) ::: music ::: EP.1 - "Enemy at the Gartentor" - Synopsis We are welcomed in the world of three separate strangers, which are connected by a topic - human connection. Soon the cracks show as an inner conflict with love, loneliness and threatening darkness. EP.2 - "China Cup" - Synopsis Our well -known strangers are hindered by their own fear and begin to slide deeper into the dark. Hopefully separate yourself from yourself and your world you will not get lost completely. Ep.3 - "Lever at my side" - Synopsis, which fights for understanding, placement and determination where our strangers find comfort and connection in their darkest hours. Ep.4 - "Whispering Tree" - Synopsis We see the potential for new beginnings in relation to loss, vulnerability and relationships both new and old.
834 ::: The Zombie Horror Picture Show (2014) ::: music ::: The Zombie Horror Picture Show is the first concert film by Groove metal artist Rob Zombie, released on 19 May 2014 on DVD and Blu-ray. Tracklist. Teen Nosferatu Pussy. Superbeast. Super Charger Heaven. Living dead girl. We are an American band. More human than human. Sick chewing gum. Never stop. Gong gong the do gong de laga raga. Meet the climbing plant. Angry red planet. Mars needs women. House of 1000 seem. Lords or Salem. Dead City Radio and the new gods from Super Town. Thunder Kiss '65. Dragula
835 ::: Best of the Fest 2002 (2002) ::: music ::: For seven days in the summer, lovers around the world are at the largest Exhibition on Earth, held annually in the Gulf of Montgo, Jamaica. Red Stripre Reggae Sumfest has the top artists Abijah, Anthony B, George Nohs, Baby Cham, Wayne Marshall, Tony Reble, Culture, Bounty Killa, Capelton, Man Elephant, Ninjaman, Rayvon, Damion Marley, with JA and Eshanti Guest.
836 ::: Madonna: The Video Collection 93:99 (1999) ::: music ::: Collecting the best videos from 1993-1999. 14 have videos: bad girl, vapor, rain, the tale of sleeping, a happy power, is not really matters, and the beautiful stranger.
837 ::: "Music for a Summer Night" (1959) ::: music ::: Music shows which were in two different periods. It began as a summer replacement show between June and August 1959, brought back from February to March 1960 to 30 minutes and then for 60 minutes from March to September 1960. The show mainly included the number of music from the broadway show Tunes and Classics, such as "Madame Butterfly," "La Traviata," and "Toska."
838 ::: Songs for the Firmament (2016) ::: music ::: In the spring of 2016, the nononial space administration discovered the mysterious foreign lights and unexplained solar phenomena throughout the day in the northwestern Pacific. In response, the agency conducted an effort to communicate and make the first contact. The songs for The fantasy are an abstract live concert film that explores some of the strange phenomena of the Northwest Pacific. Original music and live performances from light thieves, x suns and non -generator.
839 ::: "Fusion TV" (2000) ::: music ::: Folk music and sports joined a show including LIVE coverage at the Austin Film Festival, Lolapalooza, The Big Stink, The Warped Tour, US Open of Surfing and Transworld Skateboarding. Bands include Hooobastank, Nofx, Crystal Method, The Flaming Lips, Sum 41 and Trap
840 ::: Korn: The Path Of Totality, Live At The Hollywood Palladium (2012) ::: music ::: To celebrate the release of the 10th studio album "The Path of Total", the legendary locker was a famous Hollywood palladium, live on the crowded crowd. In this album, I changed Rock Landscape again. In an exhibition that contrary to the genre of electronic and dubstep music, metal of innovative brands has been created. This performance introduces the band in the top form and emphasizes innovative songs such as "Lee Away from Me" and new smash hits such as "Get Up!" "Narcissistic people eating." Participated in the stage were Skrillex, 12th Planet, FLINCH, downlinks, resections, Datsik, Kill the Noise, etc. This was captured by 3D in a once -in -a -lifetime concert, and KORN fans were recorded in 5.1 surround sounds to enjoy the next year!
841 ::: Chicago and Earth, Wind & Fire: Live at the Greek Theatre (2005) ::: music ::: The Legendary Groups Chicago and Earth, Wind & Fire team made a tour hit of Summer 2004. Playing at the sold locations, Grammy-winning artists were united on stage for a set of many number 1 and top energetic performance of their top. 10 chart hit. All enthusiasm from the final show of the tour was captured in a high-language for this extraordinary DVD, which was shot in the Greek Theater in Los Angeles.
842 ::: "Dhoom Machale" (2005) ::: music ::: The show presents a Bollywood Blooper. The show also includes shouts of viewers (emails) on various subjects, but generally birthdays, birthdays, special holidays, etc. Host comments on the comments on interesting viewers' emails. Bollywood videos of the present and the past are played throughout the show.
843 ::: American Jazz Greats (2012) ::: music ::: American Jazz Greats: Past & Present is a masterful masterful television which serves as a jazz continuum, the first true form of art in America. Billy Taylor was known as the most recognized voice for the preservation of jazz. He passes the torch and defies to Allan Barnes. Barnes, who met, spoken and played with Taylor, recognized the need to defend this cause of the preservation of jazz. He formed a group of star, peaceful warriors, made up of five group leaders, who interpret American jazz standards in the series who also understand their musical ideas and the reflections of Billy Taylor on his 70th anniversary as a big jazz American.
844 ::: Der dunkle Mensch (2010) ::: music ::: 'Der Dunkle Mensch' is a video artwork that shows a Disco free dancer alone in a black box full of disco light and the sound of a dark dark technical trance mixed with the German voice. Music made by Andreas MJOS. Poems written by Jorunn Myklebust SyveSen.
845 ::: Velvet Underground: Velvet Redux Live MCMXCIII (1993) ::: music ::: Velvet's underground became a legend after the division in 1970, but was temporarily reunited 23 years later and played some dates as the opening act of U2 in the summer of 1993, finding a short European tour. I did it. Before they came to the United States, they split again. Velvet Redux Live MCMXCIII, taken at L'Olympia in Paris in June 1993, introduces one of the gigs of reunion (8 songs are missing, so we do not provide complete shows). 。 The reunion of the velvet underground may not have reached the United States, but as live DVDs become live, MCMXCIII stands as a good compliment to both Morrison and Velvet's underground heritage.
846 ::: Wynton Marsalis: Rebuilding the Soul of America (2007) ::: music ::: Premier! Sun. To support Katrina Hurricane Vinton and his Septet play and the cultural infrastructure of New Orleans, look at the high definition on HDNET.
847 ::: Symptomology of a Rock Band (1994) ::: music ::: The rock music band nominated by Grammy, the collision dolls begin to suffer from strange symptoms, which are caused by its recently discovered fame.
848 ::: Rock (2017) ::: music ::: 'Rock' - a music style or just plain bad luck? The hero of the film, who decided to win Moscow's music Olympus, after both. This trio is not a band or a team and, perhaps, there are not even friends yet. But this is only the beginning of his journey. The farther the hero moves away from the house, the more dangerous their adventures are and people are encountered on the way, the more people are changing. The film is an adventure work and a discovery for yourself, where the path of a dream became the greatest, talented, most dangerous and unforgettable adventure for young provincial musicians.
849 ::: "Music Beat" (1998) ::: music ::: A 60 -minute music video showing Indianapolis at his PBS station. Collin, the host and Dylan, the director constantly fighting with the new manager of the station, Anewell. The format was changed to be less time and reborn as a studio show only. Holding most of the folly of older episodes, but in a much simpler format.
850 ::: Audioslave: Live@Much (2005) ::: music ::: Did you hear that roar? It was the entire Lota stone sound that exploded the walls of the HQ, from Audioslave! Chris Cornell, Tom Morlo, Brad Wilk and Tim Camford hit the ground for an incredible collection of songs such as "Cochise" and "Don't Remind Me". The founders then sat down with Devon to talk about their past, present and future.
851 ::: The Derek Trucks Band: Songlines Live (2006) ::: music ::: West HDET, tapping the Derek Trucks Band performance in Chicago's Park West on January 28, was tapped in a high definition for a special HDET program on January 28! The program will be aired on HDET later this year. HDET will be premiered at 9am on July 2, 2006 (repeated as part of midnight and July 4th Jam band marathon) - the timetable is not yet listed - but if you see in the news part you check www.derektrux.com. A list related to this show's tapping for HDET broadcast. Thank you
852 ::: Britney Spears: Greatest Hits - My Prerogative (2004) ::: music ::: This DVD contains every music video that Britney Spears once filmed until her release from 2004 from her Greatest Hits CD. Twenty videos are recorded, including her very first video "... Baby One More Time" for the video for her remake of "My Prerogative". Videos that were only broadcast outside of North America are also recorded. Video images of the unfinished video for "outrageous" is also revealed for the first time. This DVD not only gives you 20 Britney videos, but also gives you special functions, bloopers, karaoke functions and alternative takes for some videos. See the complete set of Britney's videos all on one DVD.
853 ::: En vanföreställning (2011) ::: music ::: Andy Almquist, Swedish singer/songwriter in transit in the Czech Republic and on stage in Malmo, Sweden. Andy's music is moving and coming out of the back courtyards of life, where the broken hearts and rags gather, far from a happy ending. Andi Alqvist has toured the US and Europe and is welcomed by the US as well as by the European Music Press.
854 ::: Five O'Clock People: Live @ GFU (2010) ::: music ::: Band Five Ocrock people will promote the 2008 CD release at George Fox University in Newberg, Oregon. The lineup includes DREW Grow, Patrick Tetreault, and Alex Walker, a special guest Corrie Covell, Jeramy Burchett, Chris Rhoads, and Jeremiah Hayden.
855 ::: Battle of the Bands (1984) ::: music ::: Sugar Ray Five ~ Battle of the Bands finalists/winners 1984 - Sugar Ray Five were one of the six finalists and possible winners of the 1984 Battle of Baths competition, sponsored by TDK. The competition was held throughout the UK, in which more than 1,700 groups were initially entered. Various national elimination heats were held in which Sugar Ray Five won every heat straight and were the eventual winners of the big finale, held in the world -renowned Hammersmith Odeon (now Hammersmith Apollo) in London in front of the crowd of capacity and covered by The BBC. Sugar Ray Five completely destroyed the opposition at night and eventually won 147 of the absolute maximum 150 points available by the judges. Only ever performing original material, the self -filled 7 "lazy hours" with "March" by Flip was released in the British charts of next year, which received AirPlay on the main radio and television, but although they were quickly welcomed by the industry industry industry For the industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry industry as a real force, which you have to take into account in the music scene in the mid-eight, the band has dissolved less than a year. -A later.
856 ::: The 15th Annual Grammy Awards (1973) ::: music ::: The gram of the American Audio Academy was established by the American Association of Sound Voice Companies of March 14, 1958. Grammy will be awarded annually as a result of the voting of the authorized members of the "Scripture Academy".
857 ::: Multi-Color House and Friends Live at the American Stage Company (1987) ::: music ::: Multi-Color House, a group based in Saint Petersburg, Florida, performs three sets, live at the American Stage Company, July 25, 1986. The sets are separated with short films and videos, produced by Jonathan Morrill , and live and live performances by regional groups and musicians, including Frank Sherman, Lance Rodgers and The Marked.
858 ::: Chaos in Tejas (2011) ::: music ::: The film is a video shot in the chaos of 2011 at Tejas in Austin, Texas. Groups include static, iron lung, panic, storm, chest pain, mindless, D-clone, Cro-Mags, citizen arrests, capitalist casualties and today's youth.
859 ::: Earache: I Crusher Complete (2008) ::: music ::: Assembly of a film from a heavy metal label connects the content of ICRUSHER 1 and 2, such as "Parasite Will" musical videos such as "Parasite Allow, such as" Parasite Allow "," Buryning your dead "," From the dead "," From the dead ". Burial of the dead "," From the dead "," Christian rising ", hugs," nothing ", 1 and more. Also, napalm's death, skeletal, cathedral, etc. includes direct performances. In addition, there are audio tracks for rabies, December wolves, varieties, ultraviolence.
860 ::: Carlisle Floyd's Willie Stark (2008) ::: music ::: Power, passion, and politics collide in the dynamic setting of all the king of Karlisle Floid, Robert Penn Warren's classic story of the ambition, betrayal and violent tragedy. Floid's immediate attractive and beautifully in the book, the Great Demagogue of the US political fiction, Willie Stark, Springs for life as an unforgettable platform character. Willy's meteorite and soul-and-face grows from politicians to powerful and ruthless state governors at the ground level, occupied in words and music that are rouzing, shaking and haunting. With today's headlines, the new Willy Stark of LSU Opera brings fresh enthusiasm for a Quintaceanti American work.
861 ::: Samba on Your Feet (2005) ::: music ::: The books about the samba. Filmed and Rio de Janeiro, movies filled with a carnival attraction and shows conflicts that offer sounds. It leads the viewer from the old economic growth. The old one and new gift.
862 ::: Cyprien Katsaris (1979) ::: music ::: The startling recital given by Cypri Katsaris, at the age of 28, on July 7, 1979 at the Echternach International Festival in Luxembourg. Filmed by prominent French director Claude Chabrol, Cypien began his audience with an eclectic program by uniting various works as Schumann's scenes from childhood, Schubert's Maria Maria regulated by Liszt, Prelud Funeral and March of Liszt and Mesiaen's Reger De l'église d'amour.
863 ::: Carnival of Madness Tour Access All Areas (2016) ::: music ::: "Madness Tour Access Cararnival all areas" broadcast on the United Kingdom Rock Channel SCUZZ TV. With the participation of the Halestorm, Shinedown and Black Stone Cherry groups. In this show, he sees all the groups interviewed by the presenter Matt Strox, as well as various guides and behind the scenes action of Wembley Sse Arena in London.
864 ::: Lucia di Lammermoor (1986) ::: music ::: In July 1835, Donizetti was supposed to perform the first opera among the three new operas, which signed and contracted with the San Carlos Theater. But things did not work as the composer intended, as often happened in the opera world. The theme -Walter Scott's "Rammer More Bride" -I had been chosen for a long time, but there is no free written direction to read and approve by censorship by the beginning of March. did. Premier, as the contract is stipulated. At the end of May, a composer's urgent bidding was entrusted to Salvatore Cammarano, which aimed to be one of the composer's favorite labor partners. After many problems, Lucia di Rangmara More was last performed on the evening of September 26, 1835. That success exceeded the most optimistic expectation. The media was generous to praise when recording the real victory of the opera. The report at the time emphasized one fact. It was Donizetti's music, not the singer, but the best, as in the evening of September 26, 1835. On the memorable night, everyone realized that Donizetti had created a opera with the quality and newness of music that he had never reached. The Desile Lanca Tore, which debuted in the role of the title here, has been proven to be equal to a task.
865 ::: En vanföreställning (2011) ::: music ::: Andy Almakwist, Swedish singer/lyricist in transit in the Czech Republic and on stage in Malmo, Sweden. The music of Andy goes out in and out of the backyard of life, where broken heart and ragged characters gather, away from a happy end. Andy Alakwist has visited the whole of America and Europe and is accompanied by the American with European music press.
866 ::: Hispanic Youth Showcase 2008 (2008) ::: music ::: An offer for talented youth of heritage of Spanish origin. Inspired by Elvira Ferrier from Newark New Jersey. The competition part of the exhibition is held at the New Jersey Center for Performance Arts, and prizes are presented by the names of Latin Greats, Batores Rodriguez, Celia Cruz, Tito Pente, Cuban Betty and Rita Moreno. The exhibition of the former youth Kat de Luna returns to celebrate the youth's performance.
867 ::: Urban Struggle (????) ::: music ::: Jerry is based on the real story of roch and the battle of "cocute nest". World-famous world-famous world-famous and its resistance to the city hall, so he has changed the history of the rock-roller.
868 ::: Snowbombing in Association with Volvo (2010) ::: music ::: Gemma Cairney travels to Mayrhofen, Austria for the legendary music festival at the 'Snowbombing 2010' height. Gemma takes a chance to meet all the weird and wonderful festival goers and the holidays on top of a Mount Fatboy Slim and Annie Mac. With interviews and appearances from gangs and DJs playing at this festival of the years, including the enemy, pigeons and Fatboy Slim, combined with some of the best snow in the world, this is the show that music fans have been waiting for.
869 ::: Neil McCoy: Live! (2006) ::: music ::: During the 60th minute of McCoy's protected performance 35,000 fans of worship and festive was captured by eight state-of-the-art high definition cameras and recorded in the HD Dolby Digital 5.1 sound. Among the 12 songs included are "The Boys are Back in Town", "Wink", "The Shake", "No doubt About it", "They are playing our song," "You have to love that, "" Billy's got his beer glasses on, "and" The Hillbilly Rap "(during which the country's original rap captain makes the nail raw that works the rafters and on the roof of the stage to set his pace and rumination.) Neal McCoy Live! It also includes a backstage pace with exclusive footage behind the scenes at the deep annual festival at the North Wisconsin woods. Bonus features include McCoy Clowning Around with fans; Interviews with General Tommy Franks, comic actor Rob Schneider and TV "Jungle" Jack Hanna; A look at McCoy's humanitarian efforts; And much more.
870 ::: Terri Clark Classic (2012) ::: music ::: In the midst of the recording of her new album "Classic" Terri Clark, CMT Cameras calls for her studio with her and her guests in the album. Special manifestations by Riba Mcentire, Dierks Bentley, Jann Arden and Dean Brody.
871 ::: En vanföreställning (2011) ::: music ::: Andi Almqvist, Swedish singer/songwriter in the transit in the Czech Republic and on the stage in Malmö, Sweden. Andi music moves in and from the backyards of life, where the broken hearts and crushed characters gather far away from a happy ending. Andi Alqvist drove on tour in the USA and Europe and is celebrated by the American and the European music press.
872 ::: Destination Lounge (2006) ::: music ::: Rare and special filmmakers, happ packets, high-fashioned, culture culture and internal culture and others.
873 ::: DanceCrazy Presents: Learn to Dance Swing Volume 2 - A Complete Beginner's Guide to Swing Dancing (2007) ::: music ::: Dancezy Presents Learn to Dance Swing Volume 2. This is the second half of his complete guide for beginners to learn to dance! Volume 2 increases where volume 1 left ... and then carries it through the remaining patterns of beginner swing dance. It is fun, easy and progressive, so get on board and join us while cultivating and improves your swing dance skills.
874 ::: Supersilent 7 (2005) ::: music ::: 7 is a concert film by the Norwegian band Supersilent. Recorded in Oslo in August 2004, it is the first video release of the band after four records (1-3, 4, 5, 6), all released on the Rune GramFon label of Norway. This is fully improvised music, sometimes very noisy, sometimes very quiet and essential, and always very beautiful.
875 ::: Diplomats & Friends: The Book of Hip-Hop (2006) ::: music ::: Exhibition in the concert from direct and Harlem. 90 minutes of hard-hitting, beat-banding hip-hop cam'rome, Juelz parenting and Harlem diplomats, as well as the best of Rok-e-Fella, including the state property starring Bi Sigel and PD, and Daman Dash And the interview section of special knowledge-falling with DJ Clue. Doug e.
876 ::: Superjoint Ritual: Live in Dallas, Texas (2002) ::: music ::: Pantera's lead vocalist Philip Anselmo has formed a superjoint ritual as another means to express the passion for heavy metal most cruelly. The band plows 11 hard songs, such as "Drag your love", "it doesn't have courage", "Everyone dislikes", and "hunger trip".
877 ::: My Morning Jacket: Okonokos (2006) ::: music ::: My morning jacket: Okonokos is a live concert movie by My Morning Jacket, released on October 31, 2006. The film was recorded during the Fall 2005 Z tour, over two nights at Fillmore in San Francisco, California. My morning jacket: Okonokos is as much a question as an answer. It's an enigma wrapped around a mystery. My morning jacket: Okonokos is what you want it to be. Filmed by Sam Erickson, mixed by Michael Brower and controlled by Bob Ludwig.
878 ::: "The Swift Show Wagon with Horace Heidt and the American Way" (1955) ::: music ::: Hosted by the commander of the Horaid Hydet band, this was a varied show and talents that arose from a different state every week and were distinguished by art from the site where the show was broadcast this week.
879 ::: I Vespri Siciliani (2010) ::: music ::: Until 1855, Verdi had no opportunity to try his hand in the French Great Opera genre. A set of Liberto by Eugčne scribe, Les vępres Siciliennes, despite the problematic nature of its subject matter, proved success in Paris, which deals with the Sicilian uprising against the occupation of French forces in Palermo in 1282. The Italian version of 1861 as I vespri siciliani.
880 ::: Fall Out Boy: The Young Blood Chronicles (2014) ::: music ::: Young Blood Chronicles is the compliment of music videos for all songs in the Falls Outboy's post interval "Save Rock and Roll" album. Patrick Stump, Pete Ventz, Andy Harley and Joe Trohman are fighting for "Save Rock and Roll" from Course Love, and he is leading a cult to "silence the music". Fall the boy as a "defenders of faith." Big Sean "The Herald." 2 Chainz "problem solving." The foxes are "Death ADDER." Tommy Lee "The Prince of Darkness." Courtney Love "Head B **** Charge." Elton John as "God". Songs-"The Phoenix" "Young Volunteers" "Alone Together" Death Valley "" Rat-A-Tat "" Miss You Miss You "" Save Rock and Roll ".
881 ::: Body Remix/Goldberg Variations (2008) ::: music ::: In this new work by Marie Chouinard, the ten dancers of the company execute variations on the exercise of freedom. Often, dancers appear at points: in one, two and even four at the same time. In a spectroscopy of the gesture, we also see them using different devices (crutches, rope, prostheses, horizontal bars and harnesses, which sometimes release their movements, in others they do, and in others they still believe it.
882 ::: Kiss: Rock the Nation - Live (2005) ::: music ::: From their configuration at 70s to the 70s to the 70s to the 70s. Now their heritage continues to grow, because kissing is strong and is very important for the forever, around the stadium and letters in the world. I'm not a fucking phosphate and closure, including birds of birds of birds. But most important, you will not do a band to rest in their highways but to commit suicide into an attractive future.
883 ::: Super Bowl XLVI Halftime Show (2012) ::: music ::: After 320 hours of rehearsals, the pop star Madonna (I) (QV) exports an amazing show during which she performed a medal from her hits and her new single "Give All Louvin", with Guests "Lmfao" (QV) , "Nicky Minai" (QV), "M.I.A." (QV) and "Ceelo Green" (QV), joining her party.
884 ::: Rush: Chronicles (1990) ::: music ::: Apart from hidden camps, of complex fat, the fatty fat, can't say that music videos are their City. By the 'Hit' from the speed we can see why. It is almost unused, the best video that rush shows that it is the one that shows just their calls. Studio Sow of Rush is a little and welcomed with this DVD
885 ::: "City Vibe" (2005) ::: music ::: City Vibe explodes the L.A. Open. Hit more local offers and follow more local teams with a designated City Vibe. Hear tips and horror stories from new music bands, DJ's, underground musicians and musicians. City Vibe helps you storm the music industry. Get a group of the real deal from the owners of the place, the major talent agents, managers, signs of registrations, executives, and advertising. A belt on your wrist to the VIPs to the huge music scene in L.A.
886 ::: Binicki (2015) ::: music ::: Player would have to play Stanislav Biniski, an eminent Serbian composer since the late 19 and the first decades of 20th century. As he lacks confidence to play such a role, he turns to hypnosis, through which he was Able to survive throughout the lives of the composer and achieve faith in himself and also in art. He becomes a building himself, a pioneer of classical Serbian music. The musical film, but against the war against the war "Binki" for both children and adults is an attempt to draw the attention of a wider audience toward classical music.
887 ::: "Rockin' in a Hard Place" (1985) ::: music ::: Many groups were presented very early in their careers such as Alice in Chains, Pantera, Mandate, Guns & Roses, Megadeth, Jetboy, etc ... The series was then unionized in more than 20 major markets, including Los Angeles, New York, San Diego, Cleveland, New Jersey, etc ... Finally, it led Danni Krash to work for C.B.S. Recordings as a manager of A&R. Penelope Spheeris (Director of "The Decline of Western Civilization") called Danni Krash the "Dick Clark of Sunset Strip". Acts such as Black Sabbath, Wasp, Ozzy, Whitesnake, The Doobia Bros., Motley Crue, Dio, completely Riot, good Jovi, Cheap Trick, Marillion, Kiss, all appeared in the series and, in most case, have become fans and supporters to show it. Beginning as a local T.V. Danni Krash show on Cable T.V. (this also led to Danni Krash Shooting Live Performance Fetoms, mostly performance, interviews and behind the scenes of local and major acts.
888 ::: Hawkwind: The Chronicle of the Black Sword (1985) ::: music ::: Hawkwind may have been famous for their former members, but they are an important rock band on the British musical. In the late 1960s, the Haukursians had access to the status of underground worship "relatively stable Sid Barrett" and underground with a soft car. At different times, the science fiction science fiction (seeing the videos), lemmia (created a motorcyclinic) and the Krusher Beader were all members of the Kremer Baucvin. He played in underground rocks and rock festivals from the current shows "Silver Machine" and "Urban Gumerillas" and "Urban Guerilla" and "Urban Guerilla", Haukvin remains a special creative force. Black swimmers are one of the most ambitious records, but really enjoying, but it's been a concert video, because it has been half a visual look like a fairy-pink fluid.
889 ::: Peer Gynt (2009) ::: music ::: The dramatic, powerful adaptation of Heinz Sporley's ballet based on Greek's peer gint by the zurich ballot. Marizen Radameaker clearly telegraphs the essential emotional range as a title role. Greag provided for each of the characters and dramatic scenes support the passages and songs; Some speaking word passages collected from Ibsen play.
890 ::: Wineskin, Live at Puck: Doylestown, PA (2009) ::: music ::: Winsmokin, large alcom, CD release shows that Puck and June 7th, 2008 is ultimately. According to the water of Counces Centy, Winskin is a single music. The groups make four bread, getting more than the number of parts. Proudly took the flag of the stones of the stones, they use the remote bed. They made America's southeastern on America and get the inheritance and a form. By travelers running and rift the music. They can play happiness and the next time next to the boat moves around your house.
891 ::: Australia Unites: Reach Out to Asia (2005) ::: music ::: For the first time, all three of Australia's commercial TV networks join Simulcast this terton and the historic concert. All revenue from the third goes to World Vision Australia and the South Asia Tsunami Disaster Assistance. Includes a mammoth lineup of Aussie and stars and international personalities.
892 ::: Red Apples Falling (2009) ::: music ::: An unimpeded look at Harlem Rap life and music Jim Jones and his Byrdgang. Rappers Mel Matrix, Sandman, Noe, Diplomat Records pressed freeky Zeek and manufacturer Chink Santana make up the most dangerous assembly of talent and muscle to get out of the NY roads in decades. Their real -life stories discovered in interviews hit by Angie Martinez intersect the fierce realism between the musical interlude. This media -mixed collage is another attractive installment by filmmakers Ethan Higbee and Adam Bhala Lough.
893 ::: Stryper: Live in Indonesia at Java Rockin' Land (2012) ::: music ::: The Multi-Platina Heavy Metal Band Stryper, Live on the Java Rockin 'Land Festival in Indonesia. This was recorded for an enthusiastic crowd in 2010, this is the final Stryper -DVD. Live in Indonesia for almost 30 years of incredible melodies and musicality and contains hits and rarity supplied in flawless sound and video.
894 ::: The 31st Annual Grammy Awards (1989) ::: music ::: Grammy - The Music Award for the American Academy for Voice Record, was established by the American Association of Voice Recording Companies in March 14, 1958. Grammy is awarded annually as a result of a vote by accredited members at the Registration Academy.
895 ::: Madonna: The Video Collection 93:99 (1999) ::: music ::: The collection of Madna likes Mayonna is in 1993-1999. Has a video 14: Bugs, lights, rains, and stories to whom is really important, and there is nothing vital, indeed, to come.
896 ::: Let Me Be Your Band (2003) ::: music ::: Here's a wowlie, tunds and beck and make a fool. It is a feeling that violates the trails in the sky that leads to a man's great man - Romably - Rockablilly - Man, Haslal Adcha. By Bob Logs III, the former driver turns out the Punk Dank Dank BLOCK BLOCK, about whatever they do, for what they have to do with them only who can do what they have make! Eric ROYO TONT 5 COLLECH is a long time from his first time playing in Rob Zombie ... Is it? Combo cannils forbidden, Mayor mc ca, and a pretty Ashmatic avenge. King to King Louie Louie testifies to the world.
897 ::: "Havoc on the 101" (2007) ::: music ::: "Havoc on the 101" is a new interactive clip show on Directv's 101 channel. It incorporates the vote of screen text and SMS text with alternative and underground clips. "Havoc on the 101" is divided into four different types of episodes: "havoc mixtape"; "Ravage alternative"; "Ravage vinyl"; and "Havoc Sports".
898 ::: Super Bowl XLVI Halftime Show (2012) ::: music ::: After 320 hours of rehearsals, pop star 'Madonna (I)' (QV) provides an astonishing show in which she is a medley of her hits and her new single "Give me all your luvin '" with the guests' lmfao '(QV),' Nicki Minaj '(QV),' M.I.A. ' '(QV) and' Ceelo Green '(QV), which is followed by their party.
899 ::: "How I Got the Gig" (2016) ::: music ::: How I Got The Gig is a series of interview produced by Jammcard, Inc. and hosted by its founder, Elmo Lovano. Elmo Interview Music Pro because they tell how they landed their big concert and have never heard stories from these artists. The former guests included Miles Mosley on Lauryn Hill, Brenda Lee Eager on Ray Charles, Josh guess on One Direction, Nita Strauss on Alice Cooper, Adrian X on Drake and Ray Luzier on Korn. Jammcard has teamed up with the Registration Academy / Grammys to bring you the first four episodes of season 2 of How I Got The Gig.
900 ::: Masters of Love and Sound (2018) ::: music ::: For over 3 decades, 8 Toronto -based musicians have carved their musical path through the influences of a number of musical influences and personal conflicts. The journey of these mistakes, mystics and strange seekers of the grooves have given transcendental vibration of love masters and sound.
901 ::: Regina Spektor Live in London (2010) ::: music ::: Live in London, the first live recorder and concert by the acclaimed artist Regina Spektor. Mainly in the famous Apollo hammer theater in London, Live In London has 22 remarkable performances, including the brilliant Spektor music catalog with the interests of our "Our", "loyalty", "Samson" and "Eet" plus three songs The new is just running live.
902 ::: The Zen of Screaming (2005) ::: music ::: In the early 90s, the passion and unobstructed movement of singers under the ground, which tests the human voice. For more than 15 years, Melissa Cross has developed a method of rock and metal soldiers for more than 15 years, and since then the vocal learning method has been developed, and since then included these artists who evaluated in their performances. Can form vocal machinery under it and increase endurance without intensity and individuality. Integrating vocal exercises with loud voice and stage and stage shots and Backstage, this DVD is as entertainment as information. The screaming is the first to make up the modern vocalist of all genres.
903 ::: "The Alan Dale Show" (1948) ::: music ::: With the highlight of the talents of one of the main singers a day, he supplied this music and diversity of viewers with a new music treatment in each episode. It is located inside a record store that is supposed to run Alan and his partner, Jenny Ford, the couple will perform diodes from the latest Alan records. Sometimes, music guests or comedians will appear in the program.
904 ::: An Evening with Dennis DeYoung and the Music of Styx (2014) ::: music ::: Dennis Divonon is a Scopex Founder and the Tears' and "Slow Singer", and "the best", and "the best", and "the best", the singer, the singer, the keyboard, cinger The record with the record producers and records in the 40 years. His voice is most recognizable in the name of music today and keeps it to the new breeds. Diver and his Band will set the biggest sign of the sticks from the Alley Rin Theater in Los Angeles.
905 ::: Fall Out Boy: The Young Blood Chronicles (2014) ::: music ::: The Young Blood Chronicles is an accomplice of the clips for all the songs of the album of the break of the post of Fall Out Boy "Save Rock and Roll". Patrick Stump, Pete Wentz, Andy Hurley and Joe Trohman fight to "save rock and roll", from Courtney Love, who leads a cult to "silence the music". Fall boy like "defenders of faith". Big Sean as "The Herald". 2 Chainz as "problem solver". Foxes as "the additional death". Tommy Lee as "the prince of darkness". Courtney loves as "the chef B **** in charge". Elton John as "God". The songs include - "The Phoenix" "Young Volcanoes" "Only together" "My songs know what you have done in the dark (Light 'Em Up)" "The Mighty Fall" "Just one yesterday" "where do the party Go "" Death Valley "" Rat-A-Tat "" Miss You "" Save Rock and Roll ".
906 ::: Mastodon Live at Brixton (2013) ::: music ::: On February 11, 2012, Mastodon took the stage at the O2 Academy in London, BRICTUNT's fifth studio album, the band's world tour for "The Hunter". This sold performance was the band's first show in BRICTON. In addition to the performance of its latest songs "Karl of the Berl," "Black Tung," and "Dry Bone Valley", the band performed "colony of burchars," "capillary crest," and "iron tusks" in his catalog Dug into your catalog. Critics stated that the 23-song set list is "an intense performance of the dark rifs and crushing chorus." Rolling Stone says, "The Hunter 'shows how the contemporary radio rock can still be made with a royal spirit of imagination, accuracy and force."
907 ::: "Check It Out! Video" (2009) ::: music ::: The legendary Hip Hop DJ, Frank Ramirez, organizes this weekly hour, rap, clip and weekly interview program. Frank, interviews the biggest names in the rap game, sees the hottest new albums and launches the new coolest clips, while returning to emblematic rappers of Old School Hip Hop and mixing it with video blocks at 4 Music games of what is hot.
908 ::: Cosmic Psychos: Blokes You Can Trust (2013) ::: music ::: For 30 years, Psychos in the universe has burned the drums of air beer cans and bust ear drums around the world with a typical Australian draw and punk rock song. He drove on a family farm in Victoria, as the founding member Ross Knight found an inspiration from a bulldozer. Symbolic label SUP POP! In Pearl Jam, Mad Hony, Melvins, etc., a second album was released when the band fell in the "Seattle" scene in the late 1980s. I have never found the mainstream of the Grunge counter part, and the band was able to tour the United States and Europe, thanks to the large and devoted fan base. The psychos of the universe is famous for drying pubs and has gained a reputation that resonated as a warning -"I do not drink with Sicos." But it wasn't all about laughter. Fierce dropouts with drummers and founder Bill Walsh, the song "Kill Bill" brought their new albums to change their lineup and intense dedication. They were torn by several record labels and dealt with the tragic tragedy of guitarist Lobby Watts in 2006. 'McKee because Onya is dealing with the guitar duty. COSMIC PSYCHOS: BLOKES You Can Trust follows the colorful history of the band and the mysterious founding members Ross Knight to reach the back of a bulldozer. Farm, father, weight, frontman. In his story, from his point of view, the unique portrait of the Rock and Roll breaks, which is unlikely to be, is a unique portrait.
909 ::: A Bayou Legend (1981) ::: music ::: William's donation still in and time to work through this, which is known with a non-agricultural company in the participation of college students from Jackson State college. Based on the South Queen Story, and delivers and toolic a young ideal who loves the spirit of mystery soul. The arcistra is the Jackson Symphon Arcksters that are done by Lyonard DD end.
910 ::: Rush: Chronicles (1990) ::: music ::: It is not always considered one of the biggest hidden treasures of rocks when Rush was one of the biggest hidden treasures of rocks, a complex musician and never say that music video was their Forté. With this "hit" video, we can see why. The best hair images just play, it seems to show their play. Rush's revenue in the studio rarely meet and welcome in this DVD
911 ::: "Mik Schacks hjemmeservice" (2001) ::: music ::: Special about Dane's favorite: Beer and sausages! Apparently, the Danes have no problem spending a little more on imported beer (E.I. better than average Danish beer) but when it comes to sausages, they prefer cheap and flaccid. Mik Schack assumes the challenge on both fronts.
912 ::: Music for Relief Presents Concert for the Philippines (2014) ::: music ::: The Relief for Relief Typhoon is responding to the immediate relief of 12 million people affected by floods, landslides and heavy destruction. Southern California bands have joined the forces to showcase a close concert event of Linkin Park, offspring and bad religion. Artists, along with special guests, can help collect money to provide complex drugs and emergency medical services, for relief by music for water, sanitation and disease prevention efforts and for the ground, international medical corps. The Music for Relief was established by Linkin Park and was a non -profit organization of 501 (c) (3), which was dedicated to help those who were left out of natural disasters and to prevent such disasters. Join Linkin Park, offspring and bad religion with special guests for a direct music night in the club Nokia in Los Angeles.
913 ::: Ariodante (1996) ::: music ::: On January 8, 1735 at the Covent Garden in London, Georg Friederich Handel presented his new work Ariodante on Libretto by Antonio Salvi adapted by Paolo Rolli and inspired by Ariosto. The opera did not immediately win the public favor, thus failing to provide a definitive solution to the fate of Handel's company, but over time had to be understood and appreciated and remained on playbills among the titles most of Success and interesting. The particular focus of a handel to the expressive aspect was probably the reason for the limited commercial success of the opera: the characters enter only partially in the customary types of an opera of the day. The tendency to formulate autonomous trends in the expressive genre is also emphasized by contemporary illustrious, John Mainwaring, in his memories of George Frederick Handel's life. Extraordinary is also the strength of the instrumental composition, which again in Ariodante is now intended in support of voices now as independent, coinciding with steps in sinfonia and with delicious dance motivations. In this production of the Spoleto festival, on its 50th anniversary, Alan Curtis led the Barocco Complexo and Ann Hallenberg with agility extraordinarily in the role of the title. Scenes and costumes from John Pascoe. Together with Giulio Cesare and Rodelinda, Ariodante is considered one of Handel's operating masterpieces. He was composed of the Covent Garden of London, where he was first performed on January 8, 1735. Alan Curtis and his barocco degree comply among the top specialists in baroque music, and regularly Register for Virgin, Deutsche Grammophone and now also for Dynamic. Thanks to the interesting and personal touch of director Alan Pascoe, this production is located as a very credible show. Pascoe and Curtis, incidentally, have already achieved remarkable success with Vivaldi's Ercole Sul Termodonte, published by Dynamic in 2007
914 ::: Thank God for Chris Penn (????) ::: music ::: Chris Penn (not with the late actor of the same name or Sean Penn), a common owner of Dallas Texas' Good Records. With a series of well-orchestrated efforts and many telephone calls and emails, the book signing is expanded by an output of billion dollar babies, whereby the band consists of the surviving original members of the original Alice Cooper Group without the famous singer. Without promise or guarantees by Alice Cooper, Chris himself has prepared the possible reunification of his favorite band since childhood. In the night of the event, good records with so many Alice Cooper fans are packed for the rafters, some have to watch the windows from the outside. The excitement escalates when they anticipate the possible arrival of the author of Shock Rock. Partial documentary and a partial concert film, this film contains appearances from the legendary night at Good Records.
915 ::: Mogwai: Burning (2010) ::: music ::: The Scottish group Mogwai interpreted an incandescent show in front of an amazed crowd. As if time was motionless, the public is transported by musical waves, both poetic and violent. "Burning" plunges into this wild sensual flow. Directors Vincent Moon and Nathanaël Le Scouarnec guide us in a dream where there is no tomorrow. It is a black and white experience of the senses sculpted by the raw emotion of this pioneering group which does not need words to touch the heart of its listeners. In bed and innovative, the film has its finger firmly on their pulse, a sound adventure between hope and rebellion. A life of feelings in one night.
916 ::: Britney Spears: Greatest Hits - My Prerogative (2004) ::: music ::: This DVD disk is characterized by all Britney Spears's music video by filming it at all for its 2004 version of its tablets on Great Hits CD. Twenty video syllables, including her first video "... Baby again", are included in her video from "My Lerogative". The videos that were broadcast only are included outside North America. Also, for the first time, video footage of the "outrageous" video was revealed. Not only does this DVD disk give you 20 Britney video, but also gives you special features, features and features of the kareuki, and take a substitute for some videos. Watch the full collection of Britney videos on one DVD disk.
917 ::: Sammy Hagar & the Wabos: Livin It Up! (2006) ::: music ::: Sammy Hagar and Wabos -Livin 'It Up Live! -CATED LIVE in ST LOUIS on a 2006 US tour, Sammy and WABOS defeated the house with a new album livin 'it up song and a famous Sammy solo work. He participated in the second half of the show by the legendary Van Halen Bassist Michael Anthony. It is one large pear party with "Red Rocker", from "I CaN'T DRIVE 55" and "Mas Tequila" to "End what you have started" and "right now"!
918 ::: The Globe as a Graph (2014) ::: music ::: In this movie, music scripts from Marcus, the day is looking forward to a small amount of a little. From Melody, images, color and the fertiles appear in 25 departure, duration, time, time, and ceremony; Color, trade, the city, the sea, research and light. Music, writes and work, doing it at the same time in the movie. Arts of artificial environments to create emotional actions for the checker by using 3 points: yellow for optimistic.
919 ::: Alternative Eurovision (1998) ::: music ::: Channel 4 organized their own Eurovision during the year London hosted the official event. The Channel 4 version presented future groups from all over the EU. The winners - Theusic - presented a very young Sophie Ellis Bextor.
920 ::: Tedeschi Trucks Band: Live from the Fox Oakland (2017) ::: music ::: The Grammy Award Concert Film Award Tedeschi Trucks Band 2016 of 2016 at the FOX Historical Theater in Oakland, California. The film includes live performances on the band's original material, as well as the Beatles covers, Leonard Cohen, Bob Dylan and Derek and Domino. Situated with behind-the-scenes footage and interviews by Bandleaders Derek Trucks and Susan Tedeschi (a comedian/podcast Mark Maron and music critic David Fricke), the film offers a look at the road with this 12-hour ensemble.
921 ::: "HD Rock Live" (2008) ::: music ::: Multi-Platinum Selling Rock Band offers full power-pop songs to the Atlantic City audience. The new concert series is recorded for the Premier Episode of the new concert series 'HD Rock Live', the show is singing thousands of fans who are screaming along with classic GC hits, as well as new songs from the Band's latest release 'Good morning revival'.
922 ::: Adele Live in New York City (2015) ::: music ::: Adile's One-Night-Only Show in New York City at Radio City Music Hall on November 17, 2015. The exhibition was directed by Beth McCarthi-Miller and broadcast on NBC on December 14, 2015. Jimmy served as the host, Adile, Jonathan Dickins and Lorn Michaels as its executive producers.
923 ::: Fusion: Kanye West, Gnarls Barkley, Lupe Fiasco (2007) ::: music ::: Hunan TV made history by broadcasting a concert with some of the most popular Taiwanese musical artists, the most popular Chinese and Americans in a stage. On February 13 and 14 of artists, including Jackie Chan, Kanye West, Gnarls Barkley, A-Mei, Lupe Fiasco, Tan Weiwei and Ly Yu Chun of the Chinese show joined and captivated thousands of fans worshipers during their live performances in The Aladdin Theater at the Aladdin Theater. In Las Vegas for Fusion 2007. On Sunday night February 25 in China, Fusion 2007 became a historical achievement in the exchange of media by bringing a musical alignment that really joins social gaps to more than 200 million homes in All continental China. This was the first of the six transmissions. It is the first time that Hunan Satellite TV promotes a Chinese New Year concert abroad in North America. It was also the first time for the stars so Weiwei and Ly Yu Chun of the successful Chinese program, Supergirls, to visit the USA. And act in Fusion 2007. "This historical show was successfully issued on Hunan TV on February 25 in China Millions of spectators spectators, "said Hunan TV vice president, Mr. Liu Hui Dong.
924 ::: "NewNowNext Music" (2005) ::: music ::: Newnowext Music gives LGBT music fans an opportunity to access a wide range of music genres that are attractive to their sensitivity and are not available from any other place. Musicians, DJs, LGBT cultural figures and musicians of the LGBT representative talk about what is hot at the moment, talk about music they can't live without, and questions like "Is such a thing like gay music There is?" Newnowext Music offers artists who have previously been connected to the new LGBT fans and have the opportunity to see themselves and themselves in a music environment through a combination That reflects the experience of gay music beyond clubland and cafes.
925 ::: TV One Night Only: Live from the Essence Music Festival (2010) ::: music ::: A two -hour musical document that shows the largest African -American music festival, with moments behind the scene and stimulating performances by Janet Jackson, Alicia Keys, Mary J. Blige, Jill Scott, Ll Cool J, Earth, Wind & Fire & Fire, Trey Songz, Raphael Saadiq, Gladys Knight, Monica, Keri Hilson and Charlie Wilson. Television one night only takes the viewer where no other camera is allowed to offer the true emotion of talent in the backstage.
926 ::: Umphrey's McGee: Live at Boulder Theater (2013) ::: music ::: In what the tradition of a Umphrey has become, the band succeeded a legendary Red Rocks version with an intimate theater show in Colorado. With palpable energy that the room fills well before the first note, the Boulder Theater public knew that they had a treat. Never to leave anything on the table, Umphrey's pulled out a set list with a whole series of songs that the daylight in Colorado hadn't seen for years. Rock it in the comfort of your living room in beautiful HD. Hold on. Fury. Rest. To repeat.
927 ::: Metallica - Français pour une nuit (2009) ::: music ::: Metallica live in, France - more than 2 hours of the largest of the Romans Cholasem. After the world's destruction is a journey to death, and July 2009 the four horse-horses of the Appellipse, Rome, France and a fatal.
928 ::: Cliff Richard: Still Reelin' and A-Rockin' (2013) ::: music ::: Cliff Richard is one of the most prosperous British singers of all time with successes throughout his career from the 1950s to the present day and the sales of world albums estimated at 250 million. This last concert film was shot in Sydney, Australia, on the `` always realin 'and a-rockin' tower '' in early 2013. He presents classic successes of the whole of Cliff by emphasizing the previous material and also mixes in a classic rock n roll songs. Cliff Richard remains a live artist accomplished with an energy that denies his age and a voice that remains a form as fine as ever. It is still another live show that will delight its legions of fans. Bonus functionalities behind the scenes list of the documentary track 1) realin '& rockin' / My Kinda Life 2) Dreamin '3) Doll Living 4) Poetry in Motion 5) Sealing with a kiss 6) Dream Lover 7) 12th of Never 8 ) 'Of lovers 9) Miss You Nights 10) Summer parties 11) next time 12) What car? 13) Sing the blues 14) Move it 15) Willie and La Main Jive 16) I don't care if the sun does not shine 17) Fabulous / paralyzed 18) Ocean Deep 19) young people 20) Devil Woman 21) Some Persons 22) Suddenly 23) It will be me 24) RIP it up 25) We are no longer talking 26) Wired for sound 27) I could easily fall / in the country 28) Baby of high class / Dynamite / please Don 't tease / forty days / Do you want to dance
929 ::: American Saturday Night: Live from the Grand Ole Opry (2015) ::: music ::: The first concert film made for Cinema of the Grand Ole Opry scene in Nashville, TN with performances and behind the scenes views of musical artists Brad Paisley, Brett Shelton, Darius Rucker, the Perry group and Brett Elldredge.
930 ::: Bad Religion: Live at the Palladium (2006) ::: music ::: Live in Palladium is a direct DVD concert from the punk group Bad Fe Fe, released in March 2006. It contains views of two nights in Palladium in Hollywood, California on November 21 and 22, 2004. DVD uses smooth branches to offer two View Options: Complete concert crucified with group interview images. Only the concert images. The only albums of the bad religion that do not have songs represented in this show (from those released before the filming date) are unknown, without substance and New America. The Cuase version is played on a solo piano, as recorded on Greg Graffin's solo album, American Lesion. After the group has finished playing "21st century (Digital Boy)" Greg Graffin mistakenly identifies the song as "Against Guin version" when in fact they played the version of foreigners than fiction. The title card before you play "along the way" indicates that the song is from the album how can hell be worse? (Maybe referring to the 2004 reimbursed version, which includes their early minus discography in the unknown) when in fact the song was never recorded for an album publication; In fact it appears in their 1985 EP again in acquaintance.
931 ::: "The Bongo Boy Rock N Roll TV Show" (2011) ::: music ::: Bongo boy rock Produced by Music Connoisseur and the founder of Bongo Boy Records, Monique Grimme, and the musician Gar Francis de los Doughboys, the company based in New Jersey has expanded to almost two dozen syndicated stations. While other cable access programs place artists in a rotation within a limited observation area, BBRR TV places its artists in a rotation of six days per week in Manhattan, Nashville, Los Alamos and other metropolitan areas.
932 ::: Dan Berglund's Tonbruket (2010) ::: music ::: In the wake of Esbourne Svinssoron at the same time, he passes through the summer of 2008, his former colleague Dan Bergelond supported Johann Lindsrom, one of the Swedish steel guitar players. Over the next six months, Martin Hydros, the pianist, joined the soundtrack in our lives, Andreas Werlin (drums) to the jam and a step of the four individuals who formed a real group.
933 ::: Crash Test Dummies: Greatest Hits Live (2005) ::: music ::: The Crash Test Dummies reproduced the performances of Songs of the Undergive (Release 2004) in the Sacred Heart Church in Duluth in a live concert on October 12th. Together with Suzie Roach (Roach sisters) and the band Low, CTD, CTD recorded some of them. Greatest hits in this unique environment and recorded the performance on high definition for television programs in 2005 on HDNET.
934 ::: Bruce Springsteen with the Sessions Band: Live in Dublin (2007) ::: music ::: Bruce Springsteen with Sessions Live In Dubin 'features 23 songs derived from the band's shows in Dublin, Ireland at the point on 17, 18, 19 and 196, 2006. Favorite songs include "Seeger Sessions", and radical interpretations of Springsteen Songbook and Rare Songs for the first time on any version of Springsteen. DVD picks up the band during the conclusion of its multi -surface tour 2006.
935 ::: Glennis Grace Live in De HMH (2012) ::: music ::: 2012 is a special year for singer Glenis Grace. He never created his most personal album (this is my voice, Dutch album in the top 100 chart #2), but he first stays in a full -selling show in his career, Henecane Music Hall (Amsterdam). More than 5.500 people saw a great show, where Glenis improved themselves during 2.5 hours. During the concert, he was supported by his 10 -individual band and colleagues Edwin Ever, Lang France and Candy Dalfar. Comedian Jandino Associate, performing its change as ego judeska, took care of a wonderful task that makes a cheerful. Glenis Grace's beautiful voice touches the audience deeply, reactions are ecstasy, critics throw piles of praise.
936 ::: The Queen of Spades: Bolshoi Opera (1983) ::: music ::: It is rare when four of the biggest stars of the Bolshoi appear together in their home theater in one of the masterpieces of the Russian opera. The opera was Tchaikovsky's, the Queen of Spades, (Pique Dame). With a libretto written by the brother of the composer, modest, this story of terror, with a plot with obsessive love and gambling, hallucinations and descent in madness never fails to do a profound effect on his audience. The production of the Bolshoi is compelling, with lush sets and costumes, and the famous Bolshoi choir and Corps de Ballet are on their most elegant and spectacular.
937 ::: "Dhoom Machale" (2005) ::: music ::: Bollywood is a blooper on this show. The show includes the voice of the viewers on casual topics, but usually birthdays, anniversary, special holidays, etc. Interesting viewer hosts comments on emails. Videos of the current and past Bollywood videos are played throughout the show.
938 ::: Punk Rock Karaoke Vol. 1 (2006) ::: music ::: 10 Great Guard Rock Classes off crocoded video style ... by pulling the gunk rock doubt. 2 versions / videos from each song, one with guests of guests, and the other has no voices for your crooki taste. Included by no live activity by no bond Halschon (NOFFEN) with no more) with the viewers about the leading sounds.
939 ::: Hawkwind: The Chronicle of the Black Sword (1985) ::: music ::: Their phones are the first better than the former people now, but although one scale is important, at least in the UK's music system. Was founded in the late 1960s, Hawkwind's Secret Circumstant and CounterParts pink Floyd (During the Michael Michael Michcock (the person who loves the tension ) and ginger baker of Storype. By their knees "and" Gurban Guerilla "shows the" day indicating "the Hawkwinde . Chingcle of the black sword is one of their listeners, but are interested in it, such as Hawkwind, film observes.
940 ::: ISADAR - Solo Piano: Volume 1 (2010) ::: music ::: A collection of solo piano shows and musical videos featuring registration artist, Isadar.
941 ::: The Once: Live at the Stagehouse (2014) ::: music ::: St. Jones, Newfoundland is a city with a deep musical spirit and few groups embody this spirit better than once. Called a unique Newfoundland phrase, which means "immediately", now it's their time. Live in the scene is an hour of interviews and performances of this incredible trio, with the participation of songs recorded live off the floor at the end of 2013 at the scenic studio for recording scenes in St. Philip. It once covers a different vision of Newfoundland music. Their sounds do not come from the noisy pubs and the docks that nourish so much of the island's energy. Instead, their music comes from a better and more thoughtful place. Hope and tragedy are intertwined, whether they sing an old World War I, original songs that talk about love, defeated or tasteful songs by performers whose music inspires them. Once: Live at the Stagehouse includes some of their most beloved tunes, while others have never heard before. This is a unique opportunity to see one of the fastest rising groups in Canada in a place that inspires them and feeds their soul.
942 ::: Ani DiFranco: Live at Babeville (2008) ::: music ::: On September 11 and 12, 2007, Ani Difranco and her band (Drum Allison Miller, Bus Todd Chickforce, atmosphere and percussion Mike Diron) is the hometown of Buffalo, New York. I had two shows before. It was not just music that made those nights so special. It's always a special Ani show, but the fact that she played the first show at her own venue, Bab Building. Currently, the highlights of the two shows can be used on a single DVD featuring 18 songs (two of which have not appeared on the studio album yet). As a result, she gets an indispensable souvenir on her best stage, plays her guitar, and sings with her legendary passion, strength, and joy.
943 ::: Summer Breeze: The Isley Brothers Greatest Hits Live (2005) ::: music ::: It was filmed in the United States in 2005 and was captured in an excellent form led by Ron Isley's singing and Esley Steel Chili. Almost every path is success including screaming, that lady, twist and screaming, summer breeze and harvesting of the world.
944 ::: Relaxing Soft Piano: Long Playlist of Music to Sleep and Study (2017) ::: music ::: To study a gentle, soft piano music, to rest and sleep. When you want to sleep, meditate, relax with a delicate, tranquil piano music when you want to practice yoga or tai chi practice, enjoy the day or study for school. Relaxing the soft piano music will take you to a calm, calm place, where you forget all the problems, all the worries and enjoy the current moment.
945 ::: Crash Test Dummies: Greatest Hits Live (2005) ::: music ::: The Crash Test Dummy reproduced the performance of the comfort song (2004 release) at the Dalus's Sacred Heart Church at a live concert on October 12. This unique setting recorded the biggest hit, and in 2005, the performance was high -resolution with high -resolution tape for TV broadcasting.
946 ::: Utada United 2006 (2006) ::: music ::: J-Pop Princess Utada Hikaru has not held a live tour for older. However, all of this changed with Utada United 2006 with the start of his tour. Recorded with passionate technology while playing at Saitama Super Arena, The Atmosphere, The Beardment and 21 songs from Otada are now available for viewing home. With the ORICON no. 1 He is guaranteed to his colors, Hikaru and Sakura Drops, plus many other favorite, Hikki addiction from beginning to end with this Package Packaged DVD version.
947 ::: "Sonic Cinema" (2000) ::: music ::: Hosted by music journalist and recording artist Dimitri Erlich, the series shows music videos, short films, short documentaries, and other functions that depict symbiotic relations between music and film. The series also offers audiences a chance to meet musicians, filmmakers and other independent artists involved in the construction of music images. Each episode begins with a look at two or more music videos, which is connected together by a common divisor, followed by a segment in which a filmmaker presents a slightly seen piece that offers a delayed piece Inspired, affects or otherwise affects it. Another section called 'Meat', profiles various artists who brid down the world of music and film, a ever expanded community consisting of a band that may include a film scoring a film; A filmmaker who uses music to add layers of meaning to a scene; Or a music supervisor who can name, can say, every garage rock band which was once seen inside the recording studio. Finally, in a segment titled 'I Made It Ilsel', musicians discussed what happens when they keep their equipment down and go behind the camera to make their short films, videos, EPK and other tasks. Are; The composer then presents one of his filmed pieces.
948 ::: Piano Grand! A Smithsonian Celebration (2000) ::: music ::: The piano is complying with the musical, honor and indicators of this device to the piano's 300 birthday. Host the "Piano Man" piano man in Washington.
949 ::: Thick as a Brick Live in Iceland (2014) ::: music ::: The famous Jethro Tull concept album "Decl as a Brick" was originally released in 1972 and included a continuous song spread on two sides to LP, telling the story of a young boy called Gerald Bostock. 40 years later in 2012, Jethro Tull's founder and leader Ian Anderson created "thick as brick 2: What happened to Gerald Bostok?" Then Ian Anderson took both albums along the way to fulfill the full history of Gerald Bostok and this concert on the tour was filmed in Iceland. The show combines music, video screens and Mime to revive Gerald's tale, as never before, and to create the final presentation of Fat as a Brick.
950 ::: "Jazz and Blues TV" (2014/I) ::: music ::: Jazz & Blues TV is a HD-on-demand TV service based on the Internet, which is presented to the best contemporary jazz, blues, soul, RNB, Latin and gospel artists from all over the world. This is another escaping step and another direction for the DJ Central production team, since jazz & blues will go to production from July 20. The show contains jazz, blues and soul artists from all over the world.
951 ::: National Memorial Day Concert (2009) ::: music ::: Live from the US Capitol, a unique mix of musical performance, documentary film segments and dramatic readings that honor all those who died for our country and those who have died.
952 ::: Big & Tasty (2012) ::: music ::: This is a restaurant like no other that Maxim Torres has decided to sell only men from withdrawal! It is time for a simple service and the command takes place in a few minutes. This is the opportunity to see in this video, the French comedian Chantal Ladezu; Canadian humorist Anthony Cavanat appears under the features of a fast food and Camille Combal waiter, a crazy television presenter.
953 ::: World Music Awards 2004 (2004) ::: music ::: In a production by Las Vegas, the World Music Awards present prizes for sales of international discs, with Usher cast as a multiple and interpreter awards winner. With a series of famous presenters, including Pamela Anderson, Anna Nicole Smith and Michael Douglas, the list exclusively from North America of artists also includes the winner of the Diamond Celine Dion Award, Kanye West, Usher, Big Boi with Patti Labelle, Avril Lavigne , Alicia Keys, Josh Groban, Hilary Duff, Marc Anthony, Hoobastak, Maroon 5 and Whitney Houston in a special performance in honor of the Clive Davis record executive.
954 ::: "Se habla rock" (2006) ::: music ::: For the rebellious rockero whose library includes everything from the Tacvba café to a lower system, MUN2 highly recommends a weekly dose of will Habla Rock hosted by "Renato." Alternative to overrated trend; Above will Habla Rock you have the best English / Spanish alternative, punk-rock, and play ecequics music. Will Habla Rock reach all Rockeros from hard-core rockers to EMO / Teenyboppers every Sunday at 11pm et, only on MUN2.
955 ::: The Greatest Music Party in the World (1995) ::: music ::: This high production global music transmission, produced by Tony Hollingsworth of Tribute, was commissioned by the Mars Corporation as a marketing and promotion vehicle for its TWIX confectionery brand. For five days, 27 bands and artists entertained an audience of 37,500 and were filmed for a special three -hour transmission in 36 countries during the Christmas period. The bill went from the great legends of Rod Stewart, Diana Ross and Rod Stewart to the best eternal newcomers, Shaggy, The Lightning Seeds and Alanis Morissette.
956 ::: Luna Rossa: Red Moon Over Naples (1999) ::: music ::: The film presents this very special mentality using Neapolitan music and its famous songs. A musical discovery of the views and sounds of the city of Naples and its people. Naples, city under the volcano, city of contradictions: beauty and ugliness, joy and despair are found alongside history throughout its history. Everything that makes Naples so fascinating is reflected in his music! The camera does not persist in the details of the picturesque tourist places, but it literally launches into the bustling traffic and street markets to meet the Neapolitans who go to their daily life and fight!
957 ::: MusiCares Tribute to Neil Young (2011) ::: music ::: At a gala event in 2010, Neil Young is known by the musicians as the Musician The Year. At the event, many recognized Musso gave some of his strange hit films and paid tribute to the decades of service to the music industry. Artists include Keith Urban, CSN, Norah Jones, Dave Mathews, James Taylor, Sir Elton John, Lady Anbeelum and many others. A concert organized to celebrate Neil Young's contribution to the music industry and philanthropic efforts in 2010. Artists include John Fogerti, Keith Urban, Dave Mathews, James Taylor, Elton John, Norah Jones, Elvis Costello, Wilco, Ben Harper, Jackson Brownie, John Melank AMP Mp and Still and Nash.
958 ::: "Check It Out! Video" (2009) ::: music ::: Legendary Hip Hop DJ, Frank Remerez, this 1 hour weekly hip hop, rap, music video and interview shows. Frank interviews the biggest names of the rap game, the sneak peek at the most new albums and enters the new music videos, while the iconic hip hop back to the Old School Rapers and what is hot. Mix with video blocks.
959 ::: Hans van Manen Festival (2008) ::: music ::: The Hans Van Manen festival was organized by the National Ballet Dutch in September 2007 to celebrate the work of the choreographer Hans Van Manen at his 75th anniversary. International invited artists of companies such as the Kirov Ballet, Bayerisches Staatsballett (Munich) and the Nederlands in the theater joined the Dutch national ballet to make some of the most famous ballets in Van Manen. This gala event includes performances by Ballerinas Uliana Lopatkina and Lucia Lacarra of international renown, and the brightest stars of Dutch dance, notably Larissa Lezhnina and Igone of Jongh of the Dutch national ballet and the young talent of Nederlands in the theater. Recorded in Het Muziektheater, Amsterdam, with behind the scenes and interviews.
960 ::: Rock and Revolution (1986) ::: music ::: Idoli, Distraina Kicme, Elekricni Orgazam, Laki Pinvini, Piloti, Ekatarina Velika, All to showcase their specific music styles, in one of the kinds of new wave and punk music in Belgrade and Serbia, in The Rink of 1980 The legendary student cultural center of Belgrade is a place that hosts a gathering of the most popular and prolific rock groups of the new Yugoslav Wave Movement. In this high -ranking TV, Duca Markovic, the young radio character of the audience, takes the audience through music that revolutionized the culture of Serbian youth and Yugoslavia.
961 ::: CMT Star: Parties (2009) ::: music ::: This series is a 30 -minute exclusive peak of the country music superstar to the world. This series records these modern cowboys and girls' life. With direct interviews, personal accounts, and behind -the -scenes images, each episode makes your favorite country artist's life closely and personal. Experience what it really means to be a rural star in today's world.
962 ::: Behind the Player: Tommy Clufetos (2008) ::: music ::: Detroit Bisher Tommy Clovetos has played drums for Ted Nugant, Alice Cooper and currently Rob Zombie. Clufetos see his life as a professional composer to an intimate back scenery - including rare photos and video footage. Clufetos then gives intensive drum lessons to play "Lords of Salem" and "American Witch" by Rob Zombie and Rob Zombie jams the tracks with the guitarist John 5 and Ozi Osbourne Bassist Blasto.
963 ::: "HD Rock Live" (2008) ::: music ::: Multi-Platinum Selling Rock Band offers full power-pop songs to the Atlantic City audience. The new concert series is recorded for the Premier Episode of the new concert series 'HD Rock Live', the show is singing thousands of fans who are screaming along with classic GC hits, as well as new songs from the Band's latest release 'Good morning revival'.
964 ::: Learning from the Legends: Bruch Violin Concerto No. 1 in G Minor, Op. 26 featuring Lara St. John (2014) ::: music ::: Legens teaching is a well -known violin soloist in the world Lara St. John learning the Max Bruch violin concert in G minor, op. 26. The aspiring violinists can now get their game at the next level with this essential repertoire. Lara St. John offers complete and detailed lessons for all three movements of Bruch's famous work. Using the format of a private music lesson given on their screen, students will look while Lara disrupts any measures of movement, learning advanced techniques and some extra special deceivers that key performers use to blind and amazed their audience. Includes a special discharge of music with violin sheets edited by Lara St. John and Joey Corpus.
965 ::: Never Heard of It 2005 World Tour (2005) ::: music ::: How the hell, titles of the unsigned 7-week tour, spanning Japan and Europe? No one has ever heard of it so far. I have never heard of this (Nhoi) is much more than a rock band from Los Angeles, California. Nhoi is a living proof that the ingenuity, dedication and a touch of charm can cover the modern, global music scene in ways that surpass traditional barriers. Energy performers who Luna-Svetina such as Hustlers, Nhoi have been able to complete 10 tours in the United States, including 2 full Vans Warped tours, lead several tours in Japan, Mexico and all over Europe, and sell over 100,000 albums themselves S This DVD provides an uncensored view of NHOI's latest hike through Japan, England, Germany, Switzerland and Austria. Filled with personal interviews, live and crazy foreigners, this trip brings you closer to these rockers and their unique approach. From the intimate, incredible stage footage of The Bands Live Show, to fun bonus features, everyone will surely enjoy the trip.
966 ::: An Evening with Dennis DeYoung and the Music of Styx (2014) ::: music ::: The founding member of the Dennis Dewing Sticks and the eight top ten hits on the seven bands of the chief singer and author "Lady", "Babe", "Come Sail Remote" and "Best TIME Fi Time". He is a singer, songwriter, keyboardist, musician and record producer who is a legendary career over 40 years. Its voice is the most recognizable in the world of music today, and it continues to inspire new pay generations of fans. Sticks from El Ray Theater in Dung and his band Los Angeles will present an intimate set of great hits.
967 ::: Gloriana (1984) ::: music ::: Robert Davier is a hot blood and jealousy, but then combined to the interests of the country. He has been a browser. She commands two men to make, but after Discusses the political palate, head of the snaps of the disseason, but the session also reported the political show of love. He also reported to be a new in the way. Ascend comes in And asks Irland to put pressure on the tierone rebellion. He is resisting and eliminated the council. Asxex is to the France. Complaining to forget to forget the desire to pray for his desire to give a ball that he dressed in a suddenly and when women get back from the changing their clothes after dancing , And it is clear that the biggest woman, Queen Elizabeth, it's angry with the insulting his wife. He will eventually be appointed, SSEx Failed to give the Irish rebellion. Although Elizabeth likes the same, he cannot approve the rest of his final matches and political wars in the court. The Queen does the Queen of Hazrat Smile, and some citizens symptoms with the SESEX, although asked him a traitor and his death. The Queen Elizabety must now recognize its relationship with ESExx now with the ESEXX to come to the best decision.
968 ::: Utada United 2006 (2006) ::: music ::: J-POP Princess Utada Hikru has not kept a live tour throughout the ages. However, all of this changed with the launch of the Utada United 2006 tour at the state level. It was recorded live with high -vision technology during its disturbance in Saitama Super Arena, atmosphere, excitement, and 21 UTADA paths now available for home display. Its drops in Oricon No. 1 COLORS, Hikaru and Sakura in addition to many other favorites, and ensures Hikki addiction from start to finish with energy -packed DVD version.
969 ::: Urban Struggle (????) ::: music ::: Based on the true story of Jerry Roach and the infamous battle of the "cuckoo nest". The world famous as the birthplace of Slam Dancing and its booth against the City Hall, this unlikely cross and the scene he activated, changed the history of rock and roll forever.
970 ::: Masters of Love and Sound (2018) ::: music ::: In 3 decades, 8 Toronto-based musicians impressed their musical paths under the influence of Miria's musical impacts and individual conflicts. The journey of these mistakes, mystik and oddball Groove-tasks has risen to transcendent fluctuates of love and sound masters.
971 ::: James Paul McCartney (1973) ::: music ::: Display various variety of different types of polypical talents of pool mcCait talents. His baggage, wings, raised, and he did some creetes. The display ends with a busy bush-type number 'ears singing, must be dance "that is originally written about corn.
972 ::: "Countdown" (1974) ::: music ::: Molly is his first solo album, what he is 'Go West' (QV) and 'Paul Young (III)' (CueV), and his current US number one "we are the world".
973 ::: "How I Got the Gig" (2016) ::: music ::: How I got the performance is an interview series produced by Jammcard, Inc. and organized by the founder, Elmo Lovano. Elmo interviews Music Pros while telling the story about how they have landed their big performance and have never heard stories from those artists before. Former guests were admitted to Miles Mosley on Lauryn Hill, Brenda Lee enthusiastically on Ray Charles, Josh Devine on One Direction, Nita Strauss on Alice Cooper, Adrian X on Drake and Ray Luzier on Korn. Jammcard cooperates with the Recording Academy / Grammy's to bring you the first four episodes of season 2 of How I Got The Gig.
974 ::: "Beyond the Groove" (1990) ::: music ::: One businessman received the USA. Sent on a journey of music discovery, in which David Stewart, Anne Lenox, Bob Geldorf, Harry Dean Stanton?, And others, met various music characters. A perfectly enjoyable movie to see - if you appreciate the talent of music.
975 ::: Mastodon Live at Brixton (2013) ::: music ::: On February 11, 2012, Mastodon took the stage at the London's O2 Academy, Bieston stopped the band's world tour for their fifth studio album "The Hunter". This is the first appearance of the band in Brickston. Their latest songs "Curl of the Burl," "Black Tongue" and "Dry Bone Valley", in addition to the band dug into their catalog "Birchmen's colony," "Capillarian Crest" and "Iron Tusk". Critics say that this 23-song set list will capture the "intense performance of dark riffs and crushing chorus." Rolling Stone "" The Hunter "contemporary radio rack still shows how the inession is made of accuracy and solemn energy."
976 ::: The Midnight Ramble Sessions: Volume 1 (2005) ::: music ::: In 2004, former Band Drummer Levon Helm, looking forward to playing music on a regular basis after surviving a cancer bout, began to set up a series of small concerts in his property registration studio In Woodstock, New York. Called the shows "The Midnight Rambles," a different set of guests labeled once or twice a month while Helm and his cronies play the band's band, and on October 23, 2004, Helm set up with The guitarist Fred Scribner, bassist Michael Merritt, and Blues Man Little Sammy Davis on vowels and harmonica. Like the other performances in the Midnight Ramble series, the show was recorded and videotaped, and The Midnight Ramble Music Sessions, Vol. 1 has 12 songs from that evening.
977 ::: Legion of the Black (2012) ::: music ::: The film plot follows a small girl who is a great band fan, but no one understands ("wretched and divine") and when trying to fight back against everyone, she is inside a mental hospital ("lost her all"). The following happens in mind while trying to escape. A woman is working by an organization soldier called "F.E.A.R." and is caught and killed ("I am without bullets"). Andy, the band singer, finds her and brings her back to his base camp, where "The Wild Ones" and the "Legion of the Black" Hide (also "lost it all"), and, along with the Legion, Her cream remains ("New Year's Day"). The following night, the soldiers of F.E.A.R. Seize some of the members of the Legion ("the days are numbered"). Finally, I drank with F.E.A.R, the group arranges together ("Sun Revival"). Meanwhile, someone gives the girl the key to her cell and she escapes to a church ("Overture"). The tower is stormy where F.E.A.R. Stop and save all their enclosures and defeat the armies of F.E.A.R. and see the fall of F.E.A.R ("Shadows Die"). There, she becomes a wild ("made for you" and "at the end"). Also, F.E.A.R
978 ::: "Detroit Promo Television" (2014) ::: music ::: Detroit Promo TV is a techno -based show where artists talk about their motivations and life choices, while the importance of dance music emphasizes in an industry dominated by rap music. Detroit Promo TV also shows the positive side of Detroit by presenting local companies, art and everything positively in Detroit! The mission of Detroit Promo TV is to make content that entertains, trains and inspires its viewers. Detroit Promo TV offers programming that expands the Spirit, entertains the soul and fulfills the Music Void.
979 ::: LARocks TV (2014) ::: music ::: In each episode, the Red Da ARD screws the Southern California music scenes to find the hottest and incoming rock acts anywhere. Then he invites him to give only a private invitation to the North Hollywood Studio. Then the studio audience includes invited guests, the interior of the industry and some selected band fans. Lal always invites some of his rock star friends to travel. The band then interviews the Red Da Ard, his rock star guests who come to see the in studio band. One thing you can make sure is a good time. Kick it together with one of the coolest music lovers of LA!
980 ::: Beartooth: Live in Columbus (2017) ::: music ::: On November 11, 2016 Beartooth performed a return show on Express Live! In Columbus, Oh. It was not just another show that served as the end of their 2016 aggressive tour, but an exciting return playing a place where it grew up. Since their early days to play a basement show full of jams, Beartooth have always stood true to their roots. The raw emotion that entered each performance embodies what is about Beartooth; Giving fans a memorable live experience every night. Beartooth: Live in Columbus includes 14 live shows that include their catalog, along with comments from each group member while describing their journey as musicians. Beartooth have played outlined shows all over the world, their aggressive sophisticated album debuted at Billboard alternative table and No. 3 on the Billboard Rock table after its publication.
981 ::: "Doc Jams" (2011) ::: music ::: Everything about practice. The TV series of Doc Reo Recordings started for new songs, but it was converted in a full show that includes Mareo Lawson B.K.A. DOC Reo. While Mareo is trying to practice his songs, viewers can see his music, with cruelty and most shapes. Before completing it.
982 ::: The Queen of Spades: Bolshoi Opera (1983) ::: music ::: It is rare when one of the Russian opera masterpieces, the largest star of Bolshoy, appears together in the home theater. The opera was the Spade Queen, Tchaikovsky (Pikedam). A composer's brothers, a script written by the modest story of this fear, and conspiracy, including compulsive love, gambling, hallucinations, and madness, will not fail to significantly affect the audience. Bolshoi's production has a luxurious set and a rivet with costumes, and the famous Bolshoi Chorus and Corps de Ballet are the most elegant and spectacular ballet.
983 ::: "La grande farandole" (1961) ::: music ::: Comedies Roger Pierre and Jean-Mark Destan, their friends seven dwarfs, white snow, white snow, in the evening sketches for celebration of the New Year. The famous actress Klaudia wants as a wonderful guest after receiving a carshinal loan.
984 ::: David Gilmour: Live in Gdansk (2008) ::: music ::: On August 26, 2006, the Sounds of Legendary Artist David Gilur filled the air at Shipyard in Gdansk, Poland, where over 50,000 enthusiastic fans joined the world in a shipyard, where the striking workers were credited with the first person. In the end, organized efforts leading to the downfall of communism in Eastern Europe. Gilmore and his six-piece group are the only time on their "On-A Island Tour" by an orchestra: the 40-strong string section of the Polish Baltic Philharmonic, conducted by Jebignive Princer. This is the first live recording with the "High Hoops" of Pink Floyd and the Orchestra of "A Great Day for Freedom". The two -hour concert, directed by Gavin Elder, shipyard, and crane filled Skyline is shot by Gdansk's play against the urban landline. Hung on the steps suspended on two large cranes, six, 16-ton screens, each one of the band, and shine in the collar, lasers of lasers, and lasers by Lightmester Mark Brickman.
985 ::: Aida (2013/I) ::: music ::: Grandson of big operas and a great balance of great mines and emotional intimacy. The bitter love triangle plays with cultural pressure on war and cultural oppression and forbidden passions and passion. Aida, Soprano Michosi's voice "Voice" was not only shining; He was alive in the role ... he played a role, fruity, face, body of love "(San Jose Mercury News). Tenor Marchello Geordan is "ringing and decent phrases" in the "opera". "Mezo-Soprano Dolora Zadik said that electronic performance as Amneris, which is angry and perfectly monitored by angry angry angry angry. -San Francisco's genealogy "Amonasro, Bariton Marco Vratow is a wonderful, orchestra's weeds." - The classic voice of Francisco "Glamor" has made great color in Zandra Rhodes. -San francisco classic voice
986 ::: Five O'Clock People: Live @ GFU (2010) ::: music ::: Band Five Oclaq People made demonstrations to promote their 2008 CD release at the University of George Fox, Newberg, Oregon. The lineup includes Drrew Grow, Patrick Tetrealth, Alex Walker Special Guests Korie Cowell, Jerami Burchet, Chris Rhodes and Geremia Hayden.
987 ::: Behind the Player: Blasko (2008) ::: music ::: Blasko is the bassist nominated Grammyž for Legends Ozzy Osbourne and former Rob Zombie. Here, Blasko gives after the intimate scenes looking at his life as a professional musician-including rare photos and video footage. Blasko then gives deep bass lessons for playing "Dragala" by Rob Zombie and "I don't wanna stop" by Ozzy Osbourne and Jams the tracks with drummer Rob Zombie Tommy Clufetos.
988 ::: NHL Face-Off Rocks Concert (2008) ::: music ::: Legendary Rackers AZ D4-2009 NHL Season 2 2008-2-200. NHL season lives by a fox moristem with a fox morisette with a fox moristem, live about the network in the United States in the United States.
989 ::: Teulu Ty Crwn (2012) ::: music ::: Tie CRWN is a big house, and a little boy, Hari and his two sisters, Meg and NFIs only live there. But why are they alone? Where are mum and daddy? The biggest secret of this little family is that mum and daddy no longer lived there. In a particular picture for the entire family during this Christmas, we follow their siblings and their efforts to stay together in the family home while trying to hide the fact that they are lonely from the authorities. But three teas are tie crun siblings. Enfys Medi is a character. One day she sets her own business in the school yard, gives her teacher a lesson on capitalism and gives romantic advice to her elder brother. 7 years to Enfys Medi. Then, in the middle of the Meg in the middle. Her dark makeup, her doctor Marten shoes and steady angrily on her face looks like her teenage rock chick, she is so mood to think again, but she has a soft side? And then there was Hari. Hari's bright -eyed elder brother serves as a group to deal with three great friends and the world, but what happens when a strange person begins to wear a window cleaner to make goes on them? Tues Tie CRWN is a music film to be a child who faces the world today.
990 ::: CBC Music Festival (2013) ::: music ::: On May 25, 2013, CBC music held a huge outdoor concert that had the best musicians in Canada. Toronto's Eco Beach was shot and held by Jian Ghomeshi, one of the biggest festivals in the summer, the Sam Roberts Band, the Cathlin Edwards, Slon, Shakura Sauda, ​​Half Moon Run, Jarvis Church and many more. The CBC Music Festival Special concert has some stellar displays and exhibition artists with exclusive backstage interviews.
991 ::: Oil on Canvas (1983) ::: music ::: The successful British Band Japan was filmed on November 16, 1982 at a live -in concert in Hamas Miss Odeon, London. Home 10 Dance How 11 Art of Party
992 ::: M3: Rough An' Ready (2006) ::: music ::: In June 2004, England was shot in England, which is a concert that is a three-wonderful artist - Bernie Marsden, Mick Micken and Nil Murray. Interviews such as "difficulty" and "difficulty" and "I died" and "I died day" and "I died day", as well as an interview as Allys Allan Skindyrd.
993 ::: Django (????/II) ::: music ::: Jazz and his lasting ability to strengthen hope even in the black of times. Based on a true story, "Django" is the musical biography of a careless swing guitarist, which becomes not only an unlikely vessel containing hopes and dreams of war spent by war, but also the the most influential guitarist ever lived.
994 ::: Umphrey's McGee: Live at Boulder Theater (2013) ::: music ::: In what the tradition of a Umphrey has become, the band succeeded a legendary Red Rocks version with an intimate theater show in Colorado. With palpable energy that the room fills well before the first note, the Boulder Theater public knew that they had a treat. Never to leave anything on the table, Umphrey's pulled out a set list with a whole series of songs that the daylight in Colorado hadn't seen for years. Rock it in the comfort of your living room in beautiful HD. Hold on. Fury. Rest. To repeat.
995 ::: "Steracteur sterartiest" (2006) ::: music ::: Each season, artists and presentors change, but not the original formula. The actor tries a professional and every episode to seduce the public, which rewards other half points by tele-voting, they are good singer-performors who are not to be out of returning the next episode . A cumulative score system regularly chooses an actor eliminated for another chance.
996 ::: Ariodante (1996) ::: music ::: On 8 January 1735, at the Covent Garden in London, George Frederich Handel presented his new opera Aryodent on a Librato by Antonio Salvi and adapted by Paolo Rolli and inspired by Arosto. Opera did not immediately win a public favor and thus failed to present a certain solution to the fate of the Handle's company, but over time it was to be understood and appreciated and remained on the playbill between more successful and interesting titles. The special attention of the handle on the expressive aspect was probably the reason for the limited business success of the opera: the characters only partially fit the customary type of the day opera. The tendency to create autonomous patterns in the expressive style is also underlined by a luxurious contemporary, John Menning, George Frederick Handle's life. Extraordinary is also the strength of an instrumental composition, which is again in Ariadante, now with steps in Cinfania and with delightful dance objectives now as support for voices independently. In this production of the Sporto Festival, on its 50th anniversary, Alan Curtis operates Compasso Baroco in the title role and an exceptionally tight An Halberg. Views and costumes by John Pasco. Combined with Giulio Cesare and Rodelinda, Ariodante is considered one of the operative works of handle. It was composed for the Covent Garden Theater in London, where it was first done on 8 January 1735. Alan Curtis and her Compasso Baroco recorded for the best experts in Baroque music, and regularly for virgin, dewash gramomone and now for dynamic. Thanks to director Alan Pasco's interesting and personal touch, this production comes as a very reliable show. Pasco and Curtis, incidentally, already achieved remarkable success with Vivaladi's Erkol Sal Termodonte, published by Dynamic in 2007
997 ::: Madonna: The Video Collection 93:99 (1999) ::: music ::: 1993-1999 A collection of Favorite images of Madonna. There are 14 videos: bad girl, fever, rain, secret, human nature, human nature, love, frozen, radiant, radiation, and beautiful stranger.
998 ::: The 18th Annual Grammy Awards (1976) ::: music ::: The National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences presents the 18th annual Grammy Awards -Ceremony, with prizes awarded for Song of the Year, Record of the Year, album of the year, Best New Artist, and the Best in Pop, Rock, Soul, Country, folk and more.
999 ::: George Shearing: Lullaby in Birdland (1992) ::: music ::: Finally, a full -length concert on the DVD of this Jazz piano legend, filmed in 1991 on the Paul Mason wine in a state of digital and audio art production. Shearing artist is caught forever while he and Basi's feeling Neil Swainson caresses the ballads of Rodgers & Hart and Hoagy Carmicheal, and swing in the Bebop of Charlie Parker. Seices: -Freedom jazz dance -Why did I choose you? -No romantic -estate -Donna lee -memphis in June -Lullahes in Birdland -Moose the Moach
1000 ::: Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds Live (2012) ::: music ::: Noel Galagher's High Flying Birds: O2 includes an amazing live concert and exclusive footage from London's O2 from February 2012 in International Magic Live, the biggest Arena show has played by the show Noel's band to date. "Flying Solo and Flying High .... His debut solo show goes down from a storm." NME "A second is coming, operated by an elated crowd with titanic moments on balconies and singing every word." Evening standard 4*
1001 ::: Replikator (1994) ::: sci-fi ::: Two companies are competitive to create equipment that can repeat any items, including human tissues. However, one companies have more plans for this machine, and to prevent success to more resources. The film is set up in the next land and the Ozone layer and the AliSari's judicial system.
1002 ::: "The Monsters" (1962) ::: sci-fi ::: Zoologist John Brent & his wife Felicity, loving the honeymoon in a small village of Lakeside Northern England, are involved in the mysterious death of a government agent, perhaps caused by strange creatures with which the locals claim drowsiness in the lake. .. Or is it about the suspicious Cato professor?
1003 ::: The King of Plagues (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The laser and military science department began to tear the veil of deception to highlight a huge and powerful secret society using armed versions of ten calamities of Egypt to destabilize profit from world economies and resulting chaos.
1004 ::: The Creation of the Humanoids (1962) ::: sci-fi ::: The survivors of a nuclear holocaust fuse the man with a machine, creating Cyborgs to help in the reconstruction of civilization. However, blue leather androids rebel against their masters and go to war with the remains of humanity. Many years after a nuclear war they destroyed much of the human type, the survivors have created a new society where much of the work done by artificial beings mockingly referred to by humans as "clicking". Humans are producing fewer and fewer children and are less than a year after having more artificial beings than humans. The most vociferous about the situation in evolution is the order of flesh and blood, an organization that is willing to ensure that humans remain dominant. Among them is Captain Kenneth Cragis, who worries a lot that his sister Esme has formed a relationship with one of the artificial beings. Quickly forms a close relationship with friend Maxine Megan de Esme. Soon, they learn a great secret that directly affects them both.
1005 ::: Stranger from Venus (1954) ::: sci-fi ::: The first contact will be held tonight! A beautifully made story from Venus, which has the power of life and death in his touch. Actress Patrissia Annil, awarded the Academy Awards, is complemented by Helmut Dantin's powerful and impressive depiction of the shining as a woman involved in the biggest events in history. This movie, which is proposed at the event at the event at the event of the SF classic "The Day the Earth, is still stationary", is an impressive, humanization of the "first contact" and is an unforgettable story, and the last notice and out of the earth. It has peaceful and advanced intelligence from another planet. -The power of this world is the power to back up it.
1006 ::: Dark Resurrection (2007) ::: sci-fi ::: An ancient prophecy persuades the powerful sorran master's to begin an obsessive search for eron, a mythical place capable of giving a chosen knowledge of endless knowledge. For the sake of his obsession, many students die, and Sorran is expelled and apparently killed by the leaders of his order. Centuries later he reappears, as if he has learned to deceive death, and reveals the location of Eron with the help of a new student and reinvigored imperial forces. Master Zui Mar and Young Hope, who is in the shadows of a terrible secret, are sent to stop him. However, the council carefully abstains from the discovery of everything the two warriors await and the terrible fate they have predicted for them.
1007 ::: "Timeline Alpha" (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: Schedule alphabet is an event series. What is happening about what is happening when the experience of Nazi Weapons experience and receives a workforce in time through his malicious military technology. Timeline Alphaba changes the story of the time of time we all know and love it at the top of it. Those who keep our heroes days and bring time as much as we know. In our series, garbage shuts out, rehabilitating the twentieth century and the largest US European the Nazi Germany has been in iron and their high grade. The horror of World War II begins as the horror of the horror two was towards the trauma and heaven. With both of the mountains of 24 and all the raw srab, a disadvantaged and rude parent on the edge of the schedule of the schedule of the schedule of the schedule and climbed parents.
1008 ::: Tim Cohen's Amazing Adventures in Cardboard Box Time Travel (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: When Tim Cohen travels back in time, he feels if he hit the 21st century discovery: he found a path to time travel ... in a cardboard box. His only problem is that no one believes in him. This also does not help his travel trial on time is footage of the iPhone that seems to be understandable. Without finding, a team resumes his experiment. It continues to be achieved with skepticism, even more incomprehensible time travel footage and its passion turn into paranoia, a team refuses to pay attention to calls to do something else with their lives. Eventually, just when he seems to be about to stop, Tim Cohen's wonderful adventures in the starting carton box.
1009 ::: Alien Arsenal (1999) ::: sci-fi ::: Two Nerdle High School students become high -tech superheroes when they accidentally run into a hidden cache of alien armor and armament in the basement of the school. What will, however, when the owner of the extraterrestrial treasure returns to recover it?
1010 ::: The Neptune Factor (1973) ::: sci-fi ::: On board the R/V Triton, the Neptune team is conducting Oceanographic research. Director Andrews tries to maintain the investigation, despite the opposition of Foundation Head Sheppard. Below on the ocean floor, in the Sealab, the team is about to return to the surface led by Hamilton when the sealab is torn loosely from its berths and is sent in a trench. Too deeply locked up for divers, is the only chance of salvation by a new American navy mini-sub, governed by the arrogant CDR Blake USN. Blake, Chief Diver Mackay, Diver Cousins ​​& Dr. Jansen (Hamilton's Fiance) dive into the Mini -Up to try to save the Caught Hamilton & Crew.
1011 ::: Invader X (????) ::: sci-fi ::: A voice .An literature exciting who follows the life of Asher Frost, a young born Christian, with eight other strangers who abducts themselves by an underground alien conspiracy group. Only 7, Asher survives. They learn that they are carrying out alien pathogen that can destroy not only the human species, but also other alien species. With a limited time Asher and the company have to find cure or face the possibility of being responsible for ending all life on earth.
1012 ::: Extermination (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: Imagine the doctor. Then subtract pacifism, fear and remorse. The doctor died of the morbius trap. But back on Gallifrey, a mysterious technician attempts to use the old Time Lord technology to create a new version of the doctor; But not necessarily with the same ethics. This man will use manipulation, weapons, sharing prohibited secrets and the confidence of his worst enemies in a diagram that is for the greatest good ... or the greatest evil.
1013 ::: Contactee (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: When the therapist Jay Rossi takes the issue of the amazing patient patient, he won it through her stories about foreign kidnapping. They hatch together to break it from a safe facility and document this phenomenon in a remote compartment in the mountains, but they are intertwined with another global intelligence that proves to be more dangerous and unexpected than anyone could have absolutely expected.
1014 ::: Doorways (1993) ::: sci-fi ::: Cat, fleeing the parallel land governed by foreigners, landing on the "land" in the middle of the highway, causing an accident. She was slightly injured and wakes up in the hospital's emergency room, where Thomas, the doctor, takes care of her. The next day, Thomas returns to the hospital and finds a vacant room and all the records erased. He discovers that the FBI investigates the origin of Cat, because it brought some strange artifacts. Thomas is trying to talk to her when she decided to escape. Thomas is forcing the events to follow and help them, while trying to understand her motives. It turns out that the cat escapes from a group of the dark slaves of the Lord. They move to the nearest entrance to another parallel world, but while they are waiting to open the door, they are arrested in a row by FBI agents and dark rose. They hardly escape from the door to the ground where gasoline disappeared. Their adventures continue as the bad guys are still chasing. In the end, they stumble through another door and land over Mount Rushmour. But the four faces that were granted on this show that Thomas has not yet returned to the homeland.
1015 ::: Collapse (????) ::: sci-fi ::: To change our future, we must first change the past first. At 2240, the turmoil and chaos dominates our society, which is fueled by fear and absolute control by the United World Union. There are a small number of people who call themselves the resistance who believe that the world we have destroyed can be reversed and we can give ourselves a second chance to start again and change the course of history by returning in time. Resistance has found ancient plans for a time displacement machine designed to send people forward and time over time, but in the wrong hands it can have severe consequences.
1016 ::: Space Fight! Fighting in Space (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Michael Cortez, a reserved soldier, has to fight for the safety of the human race in ritual fights against a diligent alien cult with an imperialist agenda that would leave our world bald and lifeless. Armed with experimental genetic improvements, Cortez has to cross the cold vacuum of space and an arena far from home in steps to wage war against an enemy of superior technology with only his mind and a knife forged with brutal intention.
1017 ::: Alite (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: The United Nations is the classic elite fan port of 80s. Especially, focus on amiga version. At the High Test of Your War, International and Enthusiasm Self-Testing Your Capabra Place, Construction, Adventure, and Business Skills. Trade between countless places, to equip money, but the abnormal annual rocket may be swallowed with the place of space. There are a lot of bucks to be made for the dark pilot. Do you have it in you? Learn that your Kubra to take the following accuracy of your Kabra in a series of flights and the light of the light and the process of fighting and his great experience. Remember: Black Market Trade can be useful but can lead to bravery with prisoners on your head! However you earn your money, by fair tools or abuse, you should try to get your equivalent to your balance of the place and enmity!
1018 ::: The Plagued (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: In 2015, the Chinese navy entered Japanese waters and threatens to invade Japan. However, they do not attack and they start to perform military exercises trying to make the Japanese attack them. Seeing this deployment president James Miller sends ships of the US Navy in the Japan Sea in the hope of avoiding a world war. Meanwhile, President James Miller and Prime Minister Guillaume Maple send a team of highly qualified agents in Japan in the hope of having the chance to get Dr. Chung Yung who seems to be behind the invasion plans. As they discover what are the real plans of Dr. Chung Yung, it is too late to avoid a world plague.
1019 ::: Spaceflight IC-1: An Adventure in Space (1965) ::: sci-fi ::: In 2015, a spaceship, the IC-1, drives through the space that is looking for a suitable planet for a suitable planet. The commander, captain Ralston, is strict and brutal, in which a Kadett, Steven, represents an uprising to hand over the leadership of the command to him.
1020 ::: Breaking Symmetry (2001) ::: sci-fi ::: In the popular boston, Momasosus of Technology, was appointed to the background of the background of the background technology and another professor.
1021 ::: "Blue Light" (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: Episode two. Milly comes home to find people from the future who try to communicate with her via her television. She searches for her husband confused and finally calls her good friend Rose and invites her to understand things.
1022 ::: Space II (1979) ::: sci-fi ::: This expansion of the "Space" Roll game of Edu -Ware contains two new scenarios: Shaman, in which your character launches a career on an unfinished planet as a religious practitioner trying to gain followers; And psychodelia, in which you can improve the attributes of your characters through spirit -expanding drugs with the risk of physical danger.
1023 ::: Cosmos (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: When a group of amateur astronomers accidentally intercept a bad signal from the outer space, they doubt its authenticity and transmit a response. But when they receive an answer only a few hours later, they not only believe that they have made the greatest discovery in human history; But he found a proof of life much closer to the world.
1024 ::: "The Monsters" (1962) ::: sci-fi ::: Zoologist John Brent and his wife Felicity, honeymooning in North England village on the banks of a small lake, join the mysterious death of a government agent, possibly due to strange creatures that locals claim to be in the lake ... Or what to do with it, cut the suspected professor?
1025 ::: Werewolves from Space (????) ::: sci-fi ::: On the night of the full moon, in a sleepy city in the 1960s, shooting star lands in a forest near a makeup point. Skip, a local teenager, is trying to get to any basis with his number one Gal Debbie when she points to the fallen star. Skip goes to investigate and discover the remains of an alien spacecraft.
1026 ::: "String Theory" (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: String Theory is a new video short of video short .An Literature Series, which have two ridiculous tasks on the island of Azlan, a small volcano on the coast of Mexico. The average running time of the episode is 12 minutes. Stories like cartoons are presented in the atmosphere of Campy Low-Tech, Practical-Effect, Puppet Show. The main characters are Marionets that interact with the odd variety of doomsde devices and foreign destinations. Their machines are made of "Steam Punk" and 1950's "retro-phurism" design. The setting for this series is held in 1957 until the end of the world in 1960 and the set period style has elegant detailed and bright colored scale models.
1027 ::: The Utilizer (1996) ::: sci-fi ::: The user, a machine that gives desires, travels from the future to land in the sordid apartment of Collins. His lucky break fulfills his vision of great wealth and power. But someone is after the user, and for a very good reason.
1028 ::: "The Timeline Shifter: Temporal Outlaws" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: It is the dawn of the third millennium. The feat of time travel is finally achieved - and its consequences are quickly discovered. Thus, the United States creates a new government agency: the federal office of the temporal threat. A hundred years later, a Rogue F.B.I. The agent runs through time. He falls at F.B.O.T. To make it fall - but is her cause really bad? Produced by the group of young Create4u, "The Timeline Shifter" gives you a peak in the future, where time travel is retained from the public, and the very different opinions on the best way to use it. Mûr with humorous characters, a science fiction action and the mysteries of the dozen, "The Timeline Shifter" is an adventure charged with satire that everyone can appreciate.
1029 ::: Sentinel 2099 SE (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: The 21st century posts struggle to restore civilization to the survivors of the integrated Commonwealth Great Plague in the apocalic world. During a cruel attack on the Commonwealth Outpost in Galatia. SGT Chase Badham is sent on a desperate mission that can change the tide of war.
1030 ::: Sorades - Die Befreiung (2006) ::: sci-fi ::: Sordes is an award-winning real-time strategy game, originally introduced as a freeware in 2006. The commercial version of the game (Version 1.3) was published in 2008. In campaign mode, the player assumes the role of the General who has to defend the planet against the alien species. The collision maps, in which the player can either take control of humans or aliens, is also available. The German Game Developer Awards received the Gamesload Newcomer Award in the game 2006.
1031 ::: Kosmicheskiy reys: Fantasticheskaya novella (1936) ::: sci-fi ::: The sci -fi film "Kosmicheskii Reis" was first featured in the theaters of the Soviet Union in January 1936. Paul Sadikh scientist grows impatiently with the restrictions of the Soviet Conservative Space Institute in Moscow. Sadikh makes his spacecraft and, along with a female astronaut and a boy, she gets on the first human journey to the moon.
1032 ::: Replikator (1994) ::: sci-fi ::: Both companies are competing to develop devices that reflect any type of materials, including human tissue. However, one of the companies has more plans for this machine and has more resources to prevent the other company from successful. The image is set without a ozone layer and a strange legal system in the future land.
1033 ::: Atomic Night (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: Shortly after a nuclear attack on Los Angeles, a group of survivors found a refugee place in the desert in a small ranch. After a few days and finally I felt they found safety, a driver of less Cadillac Coup de Ville comes and gets to circulate the ranch and kills anyone trying to leave.
1034 ::: Amorphous (????) ::: sci-fi ::: To us is not the only dimension ... the distance of shadows is looking for their body. They are determined to win the Millennium Battle, this time. Their deportation was too much! Their dimensions flourish on chaos, chaos and disaster. Their mission here is, you find the evil candidate, and prepares it for war, during the twenty -three -day session. To prove it, the evil candidate must live by drinking a unique liquid, called "embodiment", or the attempt dies. Fortunately, there is someone who can feel both dimensions at the same time. Immediately before dawn, on the twenty -third day, the two reality will collide. The battle site was selected specifically for its savage in the atmosphere and environmental. Free from external effects, the match begins. Depending on the result, the opposition forces will remain the same, or not crystallized in the other themselves. The tendency of good or evil will lead to thousands of years.
1035 ::: Nuclear Family (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: The nuclear family begins the story of a young couple, John and Lynn, who is trying to live in the woods after they appeared to be a nuclear holocaust. They stay with their 11 -year -old daughter Paulin ... when their missing 8 -year -old son is looking for Grant. Meanwhile, the current society is broken, and one step ahead of family berscerskers: illegal, wild, brutal men as a way of rape, exploitation, exploitation and destroying. The story takes this family as a pilot show for a TV series, and in their search for granting and to avoid bercellions, they meet to the current reality.
1036 ::: Dark Consequences (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: Dark results are a unique story because they are from the point of view of adolescents every day. They are adults or military or former spec OPS Not agents. He is a daily teenager, goes through school, friendship, sports and relationships. When the government declares that it is trying to communicate with other life forms, not in this world, and finally the answer is recovered, people are in mistrust and do not buy it. Including our group of adolescents, but the governments to communicate this action as well as the entire universe will prove to be a dire consequences. It is not ready to set mankind for a fight and leaves our adolescents fighting to survive.
1037 ::: Singularity (2008/I) ::: sci-fi ::: Two factory workers discover that a server writes his own code line. With millions of dollars and the continuous functioning of the factory at stake and with time, graduated student Mark Andresen travels to the factory with professor Silas Faulkner, not knowing that professor Andros Palmiotti is already on site. The three must now match Wits as well as theories in a racing to try to define what can be known in a day as ... the singularity.
1038 ::: Adam wa el nessaa (1971) ::: sci-fi ::: With the awakening of an atomic disaster, the entire male population of the world was sterile, except for a young man named Adam who was deep below the surface of the planet in an iron mine at the time of the accident. This unbelievable non-monk is suddenly erased as a Savior of humanity, exhibited for international teams of scientists, and in charge of leaving his wife and instead joining his new winners of a beauty contest; Unless, that is, the deadly day when other men begin to regain their power and Adam is no longer "special". This satirical science film is of interest not only to its sincere approach to sex and sexuality, but also because it is an unauthorized adaptation of Pat Frank's novel of 1946 'Mr. Adam' .
1039 ::: The Prisoner (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The 1960 -based TV series about a government representative who resigns is abducted and is placed on an island -famous island known as the village.
1040 ::: "Out There" (1951) ::: sci-fi ::: The innovative anthology series was one of the first adult science fiction series of the early 1950s and probably suffered for it. Teleplays were adapted from the best science fiction stories by Masters such as Ray Bradbury and Robert Heinlein. The series that had no sponsor was canceled after only twelve episodes
1041 ::: The Stars My Destination (????) ::: sci-fi ::: A primitive subcontinent Tradman, who is shipgreecked for months in space, finds a purpose for his life as revenge when his company fails to save him. As a result, he destroys every each internal obstacles for greatness, attains talent and unlocks the unimaginable ability of the human mind, anytime without losing his primitive, base simplified identity. The hero and the villain, both the street foil represent the consequences and the terrible quantity of the drive, awakening the destruction in chasing their single-mind, as well as sending mankind to the terrible gaunts of progress.
1042 ::: Sublimation (2003) ::: sci-fi ::: Two of the female characters in Jerusalem appear in a new location: a black and white minimalist apartment. With the help of drawings to illustrate their psychological poll, the ladies perform basic physical repetitions and frozen poses while capturing video and launch again through low fidelity solarizations. The stereo monologues in layers speak of their continuous personal explorations on the field of the symbol of science fiction dreams of their private stories.
1043 ::: "Starhunter Transformation" (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: Starhunter continues to change the adventures of change, Dante and Percy Montana, which is a politically complex and diverse environment of the fixed world and interplander bount up in a politically complex and diverse environ ) Is. They do a luxury liner (trans-yutopian, affectionately "tulip") retrofit (cheaply) with a remnant of a time for the work of a bouquet-shikar work. This is the third season of the Starhunter series and 13 years after the end of season two (Starhunter 2300), this time, however, we all start working inside the restless patches of foreign genes, ("divinity cluster"). And causing havoc on civilization.
1044 ::: For the Cause (2000) ::: sci-fi ::: The earth is constantly in a state of war and two settlements of human beings have been sent to the distant world. The settlers create a new culture but the worst features of their ancestors have been inherited and leave new cities into ruins. It falls on a group of teenagers to bring peace to the settlement - but will they?
1045 ::: Disconsolatus (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: The Dana is a separate young woman who studies a dollar in the city which will be reached for "discounts" deductions for 'drugs and Qur'rano. The infections of infections is similar to the general corruption of the world. Dana is open in the enthusiastic world of punishment in the enthusiastic area. It's a serious moon of a human hair in the end To pave the way.
1046 ::: Alien Siege (2005) ::: sci-fi ::: The earth is attacked by the Kulkus, a hostile race infected with a deadly virus and requiring human blood to develop an antidote. The governments of the earth negotiate the terms of peace with the ambassador of Kulku, giving eight million humans shared between the nations with invaders and in return, they would save the planet. When Heather Chase, the daughter of scientist Stephen Chase, is one of the selected, her father fights to save her, joining the strength of resistance. He proposed to Blair and Alex, the leaders of the Resistance, to give his research with foreign material found in 1947, exchanging his daughter's freedom. But Heather is a unique species, with genes that heal the Kulkus, and they do not accept his release. The Kulkus, a hostile extraterrestrial race, demand that millions of human lives be sacrificed in order to save their species from a deadly virus. Anyone who is unlucky enough to be selected died within twenty-four hours, returned to Liquid, which is then returned to the world of Kulku houses. The story focuses on a scientist, Steven Chase, whose daughter is chosen for the lottery. Stephen joins a group of resistance fighters to save her, and they find themselves locked up in a life or death struggle not only against the extraterrestrial threat, but also against the rest of humanity when the invaders decide to abandon their agreements With the governments of the world and simply harvesting humans at will.
1047 ::: The Pearl (2004) ::: sci-fi ::: The photocaliptic feature is processed in the chin, grimi, grimy, VHS, processed chamber below. Two actresses left in the first video, but now join with the support of public access. Statues, pictures, pictures, bristles, dolls and severe self-conscious use - the final part - trying to pass through Lascaux caves and gnowers, starting from roads to DNA misers.
1048 ::: The Magnetic Monster (1953) ::: sci-fi ::: Work is sent for O.S.I., the office of science, a person who is responsible for Jeffrey Stewart and shop Store where they receive any jewelry and shop. Examine, they eventually discover the source of the magnest carries the shipment of Magnist the Alonyic Points that have been drained by 200. About element, ' Serranium 'form geometrically by creating things that it produces and something metals around. Stewart refers to if you don't get damaged in the past 24 or more, it will grow large to drive the world by the orbit. By the Inomic's discovery of the atomic may be formed, the office of science or osis,, look at the amazing things. Workers are known as boys (such as a tumor but called on the trademarks that they see all the products have been highly used. The scientific scientists have been surprised by their diagnosis, leading them to a new scientist. Unless they can find a way to stop his growth, he will destroy the earth.
1049 ::: Ember: The Sapphire Empire (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The first film in the Mission Park Quinology begins with Christopher Ember. When Sapphire's wizard tries to turn the city of Boston into his private game square, no one is sure. Getting right after the Mission Park events: The Hero Complex, Ember, the original man of fire is forced to review the past and unite together why the sapphire magician is returned.
1050 ::: F.I.S.T. (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Based on the best-selling series of novels, Starfist is a dark, frugal science fiction series that follows SSGT. Charlie Bass and Confederation Marines, as they face a deadly galactic rival to save humanity from extinction. Each season, the battle rages on mysterious, new planets, as we deepen deeper into the life of conflict characters who sacrifice everything for honor and glory.
1051 ::: The Quickening (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In a deadly world, young scientists who look only at stars will forced them to suffocate their own inequality. When she finds a military elite plan to design the future, she must choose to leave the star or save the future of mankind.
1052 ::: The 36 (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Many ancient religions believe that in order to prevent human destruction and unveil reality, there must always be 36 pure souls on earth and maintain the balance of good and evil. When one of these 36 pure souls is lost, a replacement must be selected - and to the American physician Michael Aolden - selected - he is selected. But what is he chosen for? - In a burnt village in Kosovo, two soldiers are beaten by blinking on blind light ... In a Nevada lab, a pessimistic scientist, analyzes a strange life form - and discover the impossible ... people are confronted with strangely everywhere. , Terrible phenomena. All over the world, reality fabric is not being discovered because the number of pure souls has declined by one person. Michael Alden is unaware of any of these because he is accused of assisting the injured neighbor, only accused of killing the bloody man for savings. He does not know that it is all the pleasure to keep the balance in the favor of the evil, making him mistaken that hells hell on earth ...
1053 ::: Remora (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In a dead planet, a huge submarine city moves through a vanant continent under a thick ice shell. The citizens prepare themselves to escape to the new world. The ratio of the seabed excavator reveals plans to sacrifice the first ship. This destroys ice shells and can only pass the ship that carries the elite of society. After being accused of being a traitor, the ratio is rescued by Lania. She is tied to the earth and belongs to an exile society hiding in a volcano. The ratio and Lannia try to attach a ship that carries the earth -like tie to an exodus ship on the other side of the ice to find their fate on the other side of the galaxy to find their fate. One satellite where the dinosaurs are still winning.
1054 ::: Avalon: Beyond the Abyss (1999) ::: sci-fi ::: A island was uploaded, and the black poison is left out of it. A group of water with the water with the high-tech illustration with the basis with the basins before they finish the ground, but things are being investigating.
1055 ::: A City to Make Me (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: The city is the world, a world full of noise and virtual ocean, a digital jungle, and the war was declared by a group of former political dissidents against assassins against North America's business elite. In response to this, the authorities urge their latest security solution: an implantable i.D. System with the friendly approval of Veri-Sync. In and around a dystopian fictionalized city in 2035, unemployment, class war and hyper-commerce provide the social background in which a professional-hungry data miner, David Phoenix, tries to survive.
1056 ::: 2024 (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Ethan Cole, a veteran of the hardened war, returns to London after 10 years of prolonged service to find his disappeared wife and everyone whom he once knew, not found. The country is very different now. New laws, brutal police services, a hard line policy and legal pharmaceutical drugs now radically control the society around it. Freedom is lost and people live in the fear of government, the fear of breaking the rules and the fear of disappearing. Welcome home, Ethan Cole.
1057 ::: The Man with the Golden Hand (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: When the world belongs to a single company determined to control the universe, a man is returned in time to stop it. But he does not remember the why, or even who he is. All he knows is that it is important and he has a golden hand that speaks that keeps him alive ...
1058 ::: Terminator: SkyNET (1996) ::: sci-fi ::: Set up in the destined future of the original film. Following a report on the suspicious activity of Skynet (Bots) John Connor ordered to go to an old missile base. Inside you learn about an ancient nuclear missile known as "Hades" essentially the most powerful nuclear weapon ever. Skynet plans to launch the anti-resistance missile. You must run / drive / fly / battle your way through defenses of skynets to the missile launch platform and destroy it before launching and the resistance is destroyed.
1059 ::: Lazer Team 2 (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: A few years after the laser team rescued the planet from foreigners, Woodrow "Woody" Johnson was abducted, and is now lost somewhere in the galaxy. A girl named Maggie has received a foreign coded file leading to Woody's abduction, and now the laser team should try to find it.
1060 ::: "Interster" (1983) ::: sci-fi ::: In the year 2500, the Secret Play Defense Agency operates outside the Cape Town under the guise of a cargo company between the stars. The Earth is involved in a struggle between bitter galaxies against the inhabitants of the hostile planet Crucon, whose evil ruler, Crown Prince Karnati, was involved with the help and funding by Dr. Gorman Al -Ghadeer, determined to seize the Earth.
1061 ::: Caihong City (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Liu Junjie lives in the world of dirty and infested sectors of a disease known as Caihong City. Having lost his kidneys when he was a child in a mysterious organ market organization, he is confined to a wheelchair and an improvised dialysis machine of his own design. His only chance of recovery is to prove his exceptional genius to the Committee of the City of Furui - the chiefs of the rich neighboring metropolis. Liu Junjie has a chance to become a citizen of Furui if he completes a perfect virtual replica by Caihong City - a Supertask delegated by the Committee. However, Liu Junjie's virtual card has a problem! To discover what - or who could be this problem, Liu Junjie and his friends, a crazy homeless Russian named Serioja and a depressed Romanian prostitute named Lavinia, put the card to the test and undertake to disentangle the darkest of the city ​​and darkest in the city and the most well -maintained secrets. But after centuries of sprawl and decomposition, the city has become a vast labyrinth of strange inhabitants and characters - mapping and crossing its streets and its valleys has become a deadly and fatal enterprise. Nevertheless, with his life already online and with two determined companions, Liu Junjie faces the challenges of illness, poverty, friendship, greed and magic at Caihong City and beyond.
1062 ::: Stonehenge Apocalypse (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: Offersers who careers of the Egyptian employees are responsible for electronics, from the rock, which sends the causes of vesticves around the world. When the pyramid is damaged, stones begin to do something different things; One guest, one British scientists, try to give up the same force for creating life in the world, destroy all.
1063 ::: "PURE" (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In the distant future where the genetic edition has divided society, a warrior finds an unlikely ally in the young man who captures while traveling to the annex, escape from the formidable force of dissension and learn what means sacrifice for the future of the future of the future of its people.
1064 ::: "Dimensions" (2009) ::: sci-fi ::: Kuala Lumpur: A fast and wild ultra modern, colonial and Asian mix. On the street hijab dressed in women, street salesmen, smart hipsters on Malaysia streets, Indian white collar professionals, Chinese urban and Eurasian residents all are driven against the backdrop of endless traffic. Leaving, above all, the Petronas, stunning and suddenly pleasant towers, with their large striped spirals. Blade Runner meets Sinbad. A series of mysterious explosions are including KL: all unexplained blind shopping malls, numerous group hysteria incidents, mass heart attacks, a whole high school comatosis. The entire medical community is in a loss because of the cause. Only Dr. Lakshmi Arthanayke is convinced that there is a link between these events. What she will find out is that the natural source Energy Corp (if) has been working secretly to exploit the energy of the dream dimension and is approaching a progress. They have discovered the existence of human energy beings and the leader of the NSE, Dr. Adam Eldon believes that they are the key to violating the divisions between worlds and to gain control of the powerful energy of the dream dimension. If you are following these energy beings, grasping them and using them to empower the vile capacitor. Their bad experiments are the source of mysterious explosions, and Professor Chandra knows if it is behind the explosions. Determined to help patients pouring through her hospital halls, Lakshmi joins forces with exiled professor Chandra and her team and is thrown in a world of mythical vice, superheroes, shaman, and 'beings Energy ': Malik, the wrong hero who houses a secret curse, Vikram, the wild oily man, watti, the gloomy' pontian ', aslan, alien and welcoming of a powerful tiger spirit, and Melati, the chosen . Fighting against the wickedness of the NSE and their exploitation of the source of supernatural power Lakshmi reveals its unique powers and through teaching to enter the 'dimension of dreams', the source of these powers comes face to face with its nightmares and turns In the world of awakening to conquer her fear and save Kuala Lumpur, and its citizens from complete destruction in the hands of the NSE.
1065 ::: Terminator Genisys: Revolution (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: The year is 2028 and humanity is on the verge of extinction. Help John Connor in the war to save the human race in the official game of the new Genisys film terminator. Escape from the Skynet prison camp and fight cars in this sci-fi shooter filled with action.
1066 ::: Star Wars: Will of the Force - An Independent Homage Film (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: The story is set in the Star Wars Universe created by George Lucas. This is a fan film and it is one of the few people who will be the length of the facility. The story belongs to the Jade family. The events of the film take place over a period of 5 years. It begins during the clone wars (or about the time of Star Wars App.II). They fall in love with the JD Code and find out from the JD order and get married only for the wow and the expulsion. They settle on the pirate planet in Takodana (the planet where the Maz Kanada Star Wars was featured in the EP VII) and a daughter, with a force with a daughter, Petra Jade. Until the abduction is abducted, everything is fine and forced to fight as a slave in the arena for death. When Tira finds her Lightscer, she must find a way to save her ... before it is too late.
1067 ::: "Kill Day" (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: If it were legal to be killed, would you? 2055. Overloaded and on the eve of the destruction, Britain prepares for its fifth day of murder; government resolution. Their new law is simple; One day a year, it is legal to kill a person each. Will the day of the day of killer save us or destroy us?
1068 ::: Absynthia (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Attack on a mercenary airship on a seemingly innocent run of the goods sending the life of the master and its crew in their not so innocent past. Par-amnesia complicates all their relationships, and developing events can destroy the well-planned government society.
1069 ::: "United As One" (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In the near future, the borders of the whole world have been closed to prevent imminent chaos due to a global energy crisis. From the most distant from South America, a geologist must deliver the solution. His journey to North America will bring him through the continent, while discovering secrets concerning a large conspiracy along the way.
1070 ::: Chaos (2002/I) ::: sci-fi ::: In the near future, a young motorcyclist will leave his crumbling life in the countryside of Ireland to join a strange 'metal circus' while it is increased by the cities of Europe. He discovers a dark side of the circus and decides to leave, but believes that he is trapped between his love for a circus girl and the dark hand of the boss determined that he remains.
1071 ::: Il pianeta degli uomini spenti (1961) ::: sci-fi ::: A planet lost in a course of clash with the Earth instead takes the orbit around our blue marble. What looks like a dead planet suddenly begins a fly -flying fleet that attack our spatial fleets. Men and women on rocket vessels near Mars Gasp "inverting ... course ... 180 ... degrees ..." in high maneuvers. Meanwhile, the open scientist (Claude Rains) screams at the laboratories that have invaded his greenhouse (where he spends his time straining the flowers and writing math in the chalk in the pot): "Back crazy! I have an advantage over All of you! Calculation! "Sinus waves and music are finally used to talk to" The Outsider ".
1072 ::: Reckless (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: In the near future, East Los Angeles is an island, a ghetto sealed of the world with a concrete wall of ten floors built around it by a moral and financially broke the American government that built it to contain the escalating Mexican cartel violence in the city. Now a man (reckless) and his improvised band of ex-criminal delegates have to wage a war in the street, not just to protect the citizens on the "bad story" side of the wall, but find a way to down the wall to bring.
1073 ::: Interstellar Wars (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: From a giant portal behind the dark side of the moon, aliens begin an attack on Earth. From a secret underground base, scientists try to find a way to fight aliens. Time is essential since people are dying and soon aliens have total control.
1074 ::: "Star Trek: Progeny" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Set 50 years after Star Trek's events: The original series, Star Trek: Progeny is based on the events of the episode "Bread and Circus". The series is held in 2316 and stars Cassie Skrbo like Livia Avitus, the granddaughter of the infamous Captain Kirk, who serves as a special agent of the Federation of Planets.
1075 ::: "Le mutant" (1978) ::: sci-fi ::: The point of a management company determined to study the nature and place of Saul Masas, can Psychoc can Psychoc. On each side of this French French version of this French, companies and discussions of Saul, tenderly calculated in Saul and his purpose for mankind.
1076 ::: "Temponaut" (????) ::: sci-fi ::: 50 years later, a time travel was invented. Technology managed by the government, expensive. Due to the toxic air pollution, the population will live underwater. Temponaouts are sent within time to ensure the continuation of the last shelter.
1077 ::: "Dark Age" (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: The series will be held 18 months later. An unknown apocalypse has wiped out most of the population. Information age is a nostalgic memory. We are chasing Arthur, Ruth, Virgil, and Cats who live in the castle, a fortressed house in a post -implanted world. They are working on the difficult truth of trust, dating, and the meaning of being "civilized" in a clear world. Our hero is alive every day, and is not thinking beyond that, until an incredible intruder shakes things and makes it more than just survival. What do they do when their neighbors are insane cultists, nomadic murderers, and eating people? That's what they need to understand as they navigate the new dark era.
1078 ::: Without Warning (1994) ::: sci-fi ::: Television programs are hindered by news networks that announced that three meteors have hit the United States, France and China. At first it seems natural, but it suggests that it is not after an interview with scientists and witnesses. Furthermore, three more meteors appear, and various earth governments combine their power to stop them.
1079 ::: Kolobakha (2008) ::: sci-fi ::: In the world, crazy nearest schedule in the United States found the way to change the climate in the United States, which is called 'Pyloman axis'. Afterward, in Russia and China to force another end of the axis of axis. They hope that it will help bring justice and set up eternal summer in their country.
1080 ::: Mariposa china (1995) ::: sci-fi ::: Dream is forbidden but oniroscopes shows that a dream has been realized. The monk realizes that this is his own dream. He may not be able to destroy his dream of a nightly observer.
1081 ::: "Invasión" (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: One year has passed since the invasion of the earth. When the tranquility seems to have returned to the world, a strange meteor falls down and murder occurs on the same day -just at that moment, Jesus is called to go to the moon, what kind of relationship is this. do you have?
1082 ::: It Came from Another World! (2007) ::: sci-fi ::: "Come from another world!" He chronicles the ongoing adventures of all A-Rockin, Professor Jackson. For the first time, introduced in 2006, "The Monster of Lake Phantom", Professor Jackson (Josh Craig), is again set by rescuing the planet from a certain doom. When Professor Jackson's colleague and the best friend D -R Fraser (Mike Mason) does not return from a scientific expedition to the deep forests, the professor is sent to find and extract it. While looking for the professor's cops and canoe Sven (M. Scott Taulman) and Gustav (Mike Cook) come across a mysterious meteorite that can hold the answer to the disappearance of the e -phzier -and something far more causpish than they would ever They could imagine! Can our fearless heroes unlock the secrets of the mysterious "Cosmic space rock" before its alien power threatens not only the fate of the entire universe but also Professor Jackson's wedding plans?
1083 ::: Mercurio (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: Only a man, abandoned because of life, was suspended between the current, past and future. A man who has sacrificed his family in avoiding the inspection. A man who can eventually know his mistake and who is determined to win everything is hard to win. Merchants are traveling on time and the memory of the world is looking for his life in search of the world where fashion, adjustments and characters that go through the 19th century Looking for life.
1084 ::: Gideon's Stand (????) ::: sci-fi ::: On the near land, the drop in fuel supplies has triggered world conflicts. Large economies compete against third world terrorist groups. NCR 1236, a small methane refinery out of the world on Titan (Moon de Saturn), relieves demand and a small team of Roughnecks Hardy and military staff have been put to work. Gideon Stark, a man with a past, says lies to his daughter. She wants to know the real reason he will not go home. The truth is that Gideon has much darker problems to solve. When the greatest solar escape in human history strikes unexpectedly and all communications are eliminated, Gideon discovers that he and the station are cut off from the earth. An insion of the scope of the event, the crew impatiently awaits a temporary closure of four days. Their paid vacation dreams evaporate when a scout ship is blocking and Major Harlee Jane, a dark military link, informs them that a massive terrorist attack was launched under the disruption of the solar rocket. She was ordered to secure the refinery and take martial control, but it is clear for Gideon that she has a hidden program. People soon start to act strange and disappear. Gideon concludes that an extraterrestrial terrorist, pretending to be the man, infiltrated the station in order to destroy everyone and everything on the basis. No one knows "who is who" while Gideon brings together the survivors for a last ditch to save not only their lives, but also the life of each human being on earth.
1085 ::: Jerusalem (2003) ::: sci-fi ::: In this inaugural episode, a group of young actors lives in an empty apartment, their behavior recorded and published on the camera. An analog solarization technique captures their improvised dance rituals, frozen poses and haircut. Each distribution member recounts episodes of painful personal life which take place like cheap science fiction stories of kidnapping, family valve, strange dreams and reptilian passions.
1086 ::: The Landing (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: An inspection of episode 18, other people who occurred otherwise in 1978, and interviewers conduct the mystery of the mystery surrounded by the American company.
1087 ::: Les lutteurs immobiles (1988) ::: sci-fi ::: The consumer society is dead. Welcome to the conservation company! From their first school year, children are taught to love objects, what most of them do. But not all citizens. To solve the problem, Craw has vandals, tires of demonstrators and other iconoclasts. And for more efficiency, the States use the services of Kief, a crazy scientist who operates on prisoners to link them to Totem objects. That is why Judith gets wrinkles when her clothes are wrinkled. That is why the skin of librarian Mikoski is pierced with holes when rats gnaw at his books ...
1088 ::: The Last Starship (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Conflict and tension in the broken remnants of the long distance, apocalyptic world can be heavily involved. The oppression is controlled by genetically improved human race, and there is no other way except to bow down to their rule for the last naturally born. The only alternative is that the widespread barren lands around the last residential city are hunted by the roaming pack of transformed monsters. Meanwhile, outside of the great walls of Sitadel, a huge hulking army tank, a naturally born crew is a rebellion. Their hope is in the myth of the Republic of Ejo: to return to the last star ship ...
1089 ::: Waves (????/II) ::: sci-fi ::: Waves is a feature -length movie consisting of two short forms, TOM GALANG, Domonic Smith's Airwaves, and Soundwaves. These films are solved independently of each other, but after complicating, the full -length feature film is created. Airwaves is a story of an Annie Birch, a woman who is the program director of the radio program, focusing on general curiosity outside the earth, conspiracy theory, and the distant range of the space called under the stars. She is studying the topic when she is broadcasting the next show, so she stumbles on a documented phenomenon around the world: These industries, cry, and metallic sounds come from the sky. There are many theories about where these sounds came from, but there is no specific answer. As Annie strives to approach the truth, the disturbing call to the station will start a series of events that will change her life forever. Soundwaves is a story of the theoretical physicist John Meinard (SP) working in the ADVANCED RESEARCH OF CONDUIT HARMONICS institution. John is stolen in the arch to complete his father's research, focusing on nuclear fusion and nuclear weapons. He is not always appearing in the arch, and John is also thinking of exposing the arch because John is suffering from ethics and morality behind his research. John decides not only to affect his life, but also to affect the world we know.
1090 ::: The Last Starship (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Conflict and tension greatly approaches the broken remains of a distant, after apocalyptic world. Controlled by a race of genetically improved oppressive people, the last people of natural origin have no choice but to bow down to their rule. The only alternative is to wander with wide wasteland surrounding the last habitable city, while ruthlessly fired from the roaming package of mutated monsters. Meanwhile, outside the gorgeous Citadel walls, in a massive reservoir of the Hulking army, an uprising occurs between the born natural crew. Their hope lies in the legend of the Republic of Ezo: Said to return to the last star ship ...
1091 ::: Il pianeta degli uomini spenti (1961) ::: sci-fi ::: A wandering planet on the way to a collision with the earth takes orbit around our blue marble instead. It looks like a dead planet and suddenly starts a fleet of flying saucers that attack our space fleets. Men and women in rocket ships near Mars "Inverting ... Course ... 180 ... Degree ..." in high-song maneuvers. In the meantime, BE Fabit Vijay .Nanic (cloud rains) voices on the labcotts who have invaded its greenhouse (where he spends his time in flowers and scribing maths in chalk on pots): "Back you Madman! Is on! Welculus! "Sign waves and music are finally used to talk to" The Outside ".
1092 ::: The Movies (2006) ::: sci-fi ::: Stuck in the past, dead in the present, Patrick McBai (Getty quickly destroyed his movies in films, making the same movie again and again for the good days of his home. Now with his next feature feature and relationship with Hannah Traxler (Meehan), his longstanding Mania, rapidly diminishes, Patrick discovers a new method of mind to return to the past: watching movies from his life. From the writer and director of "American writer" comes the story to see this life is never one -sided and these movies ... always is They change.
1093 ::: "Ultraman Cosmos" (2001) ::: sci-fi ::: One day a sudden invasion of a virus from particles, which are known as "chaos header", penetrates the earth and tries to own the monsters to manipulate it to destroy the earth. Musashi Haruno, a member of Team Eyes, again meets the huge Ultraman cosmos after ten years, who reunited himself with a strong will to see the monsters and people in harmony. Cosmos grants Musashi a special force that enables him to heal the corrupt monsters, whereby Musashis is transformed into Kosmos to the rest of the team.
1094 ::: D-Day on Mars (1966) ::: sci-fi ::: Gaza is planned by Mars, known as the purple monster, and it takes a secret -more than the ground in this long version of the series "Monster Strikes (1945).
1095 ::: Flight to Mars (1951) ::: sci-fi ::: A herd of a newspaper reporter and scientists fly a rocket for Mars to find out that Martians resemble us. Mars is running less on one of its natural resources (chorium), and plans to steal the earth's astronaut rockets and conquer the Earth. Martian underground helps the Earth prevent the insidious scheme. A space ship carrying four scientists and an intelligent news reporter planet Mars reveals signs of land and an underground civilization. They clearly congratulate it with a clear population and feel welcome, while they repair their ship to the travel house. The leader of the campaign, Dr. Jim Barker, an influential member of the Martian Governing Council, the daughter of Tilamar, falls in love with Sundar Alita and learns that the council's militant leader Icron, Ecron, plan to use a ship repaired to attack Earth Are. Natural resources on Mars are decreasing, and their civilization is ruined until Martians can recur on Earth. Barkar hides his knowledge about the council's plans, which tries to complete the repair work before the schedule, so his party can return to Earth without cheating his plans, with Alia, with Alia.
1096 ::: "Le mutant" (1978) ::: sci-fi ::: The Intelligence Agency is determined to learn the nature and location of Saul Mason, a young man created by birth control with psychological strength and superior strength. In each of these short French TV series, the agency picks up and takes one person connected to the mysterious shape, slowly gathering the puzzle with the struggling forces and his intention to humanity.
1097 ::: "Doctor Who: The New Adventures" (2007) ::: sci-fi ::: The extraterrestrial creature that previously attacked the doctor returns and turns the doctor, who is now known, as ??? And since Josh's memory has lost, they both visit college as friends. However ??? Finds the doctor's memories, he just has to find himself.
1098 ::: Still Life with Oranges (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: In the future world where all invisible chains have, a young girl decides to help an artist change things. But a powerful top chain company learns this and ruins its efforts.
1099 ::: Dreaming (2020) ::: sci-fi ::: All must be connected to the source for good life. Engineers can discover in individual minds to find source adaptation. Those who are not compatible are called Dreamers and are on the verge of extinction.
1100 ::: Red Faction: Origins (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: In the 2145th Mars colony, the officers of the rebels were still alive and their sisters who were invited several decades ago were still alive and were raised as soldiers aimed to bring the brothers' FACT destruction. I will discover that. 。 After Mars's 200 -year -old tyranny, the EDF (Earth Defense Force) is defeated by the Alliance Reds formed by Alec Mason and the Alliance Red formed by colonies. However, when Alec's wife Sam and his daughter, Lilla, are killed by the looted person, the alliance is broken. But his 10 -year -old son, Jake, claims that a white soldier killed his mother. Currently, Jake Mason is a red soldier, and Alec is a drunk trouble maker. Jake is assigned to get the Technology of EDF battleship HYDRA and crashes in the neutral zone with Tess. However, he discovered that the white soldier arrived first and had a hydra. Jake attacks one of the soldiers and realizes that she is his sister's Lyra. No one believes in his words when he returns to colonials.
1101 ::: The Canary Protocol (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The Canary Protocol is a story about a young woman who, because of a spell cast on her family centuries ago, can see angels and ghouls who come to gather the souls of people who are dying. But it is not a generic ghost story. Through an unfortunate twist of fate, the CIA learns about its visions and wants to discover how its uncomfortable abilities work. Their idea is to use its special ability to warn agents on imminent high-profile missions, such as past miners used canaries to warn with dangerous conditions. However, they will soon discover that fate was not meant to be fooled and sometimes life is not as it seems.
1102 ::: Star Fox 2 (1995) ::: sci-fi ::: After his defeat in the original Star Growth, anti-the counterign against the match, and the new efforts have been destroyed by his publication. GeneralPaper calls on Star Fox Team to help. Gunmen, and two new recruits defend the corners before the destruction of Oragara forces in the planet. Through the way, the star fox must fight the enemies of great boss enemies along the aircraft, the wolf team teams self-kill.
1103 ::: USS Angeles: The Price of Duty (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: In the midst of the three-year Dominion War (2373-2375), the Starfleet Federation lost contact with the Starship USS Orion near the enemy territory of Cardassian; The ship had been equipped with a high -end quantum phase camouflage device. Fearing that technology would fall into the hands of the enemy, Captain Janice Willcocks and the stars of the USS Angeles of the Federation are responsible for undertaking the mission of research and recovery. Arriving in the last known place, Captain Willcocks can only find flowers of floating freight with the dead and stabbed floating body of the former captain of the USS Orion, John Knapp. The sensors of the USS Angeles, however, detect an ion path from chain engines that were headed through the Cardassian border. Admiral Max Cervantes of the Star Fleet Command says that a foray into the Cardassian territory would be too risky. Should Captain Willcocks follow the orders and go home or follow the Ion trail and try to save the USS Orion crew during the helmet that they could still be alive?
1104 ::: Cassette (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: Cassette investigates the geography of an underground society through the eyes of Marcos Blanco, an electrician who, on arrival in his new residential unit, sees himself involved in an obsessive search for a mysterious woman who starts to unfold on photos and projected images. However, a vigilant government follows every movement through the obscure corridors of an underground city.
1105 ::: Disconsolatus (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: Dana is an isolated young woman who comes to learn the outbreak of "Disconosolatus" in the city, which requires mandatory evacuation, medicines and quarantine for those injured. The symptoms of this strange infection, such as chance, are similar to the symptoms of the general depressive state of Dana. When the lines between the world of dreams and reality become unclear, Dana is drowned in a mystical inner world full of hair. This surreal journey ultimately leads to a critical moment of Dana's personal awakening.
1106 ::: Avalon: Beyond the Abyss (1999) ::: sci-fi ::: An island blows up and from its remains a black gif fills the ocean. A team of underwater specialists with high-tech equipment must stop the poison before it pollutes the earth, but things become more bizarre as they investigate more.
1107 ::: Quantum Apocalypse (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: A group of talented but rebellious "rock stars" scientists find themselves in a run against the time to save the world when a comet makes an unexpected turn to our blue planet where all life may cease to be It exists in a few days if our small city heroes fail to find a solution. In the city of the parish, Major Ben Marshall lives with his autistic brother Terry, his son Leo, his daughter Samantha and his second wife Lynne. When a comet changes its route and crashes into the world, scientists discover that an anomaly is the cause and bring two genians to join their team in research. They find that the anomaly is a gravitational vacuum indeed and humanity is doomed to annihilation. But Terry convinces his brother Ben to lead him to Houston to save the planet.
1108 ::: Imbue (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In the face of a worldwide world, the optimistic doctors have to face the message to change the message. It will cost meat, greed, greed, neglect, and ignorance. Others call his views "great thoughts", until they finish the scramblur width.
