1 ::: Words: Voices for Children Foundation PSA (2017) ::: short ::: "Words" Foster Care is a film from the Voice for Children's Foundation campaign to raise awareness about children. The film invites the audience to take a glimpse inside a child's brain, who has started to understand the reality of his life in spinach care and understand what he interacts with them.
2 ::: Ocean Swells (1934) ::: short ::: Girls discovered two boys on a luxurious yacht believed to be men in the wealthy society, and they do not know that they are just members of the crew. They constitute two wealthy young men and make their grandmother pretend that they are the mother of the yacht leader, who comes out of the city, and throws a luxurious party on a "yacht". Things begin to go south when the yacht leader appears unexpectedly.
3 ::: The Most American City (2012) ::: short ::: This was manufactured for the NATO Host Committee of Chicago 2012 for considering the state director of more than 2000 members of the International Press as well as by the heads of the state from 68 countries and the delegations as well as over 2000 members of the International Press Corps. It was intended to communicate pride and passion that Chicagoers have about the city and why it is a powerful hub for business and a magnet for tourism. The film entitled "The American City" shows Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Boeing CEO Jim McNnerney, architect Jeanne Gang, the artistic director of Goodman, Robert Fall, artist Wesley Kimler, J.B. Pritzker, Blackhawk Brent Seabrook, Michael Saks des World Business Chicago Chicago, Renee Fleming by The Lyric, restaurant owner Rohini Dey, the head of the city of the city, Add Airs Michelle Boone and many others, including the hairdresser of President Obama.
4 ::: DEC Nepal Earthquake Appeal (2015) ::: short ::: Joanna Lumley represents an earthquake appeal in Nepal on behalf of DEC, the Emergency Disaster Committee. A massive earthquake has destroyed parts of Nepal, killing thousands and leaving hundreds of thousands of access to shelters, water or food. Dec, uniting 13 UK assistance charity, has begun this urgent appeal to raise funds to help those affected. You can give by calling 0370 60 60 900 (will apply standard geographical tariffs from fixed lines and mobile phones) or send a check payable to the Earthquake Appeal at Dekal at Box 999, London EC3A 3AA.
5 ::: Film Portrait on Dr. Saud Al-Hashimi (2012) ::: short ::: Dr. Al-Hashimi called for human rights defenders, well-known visible and reforms, which invited civil and political rights in Saudi Arabia accused of criticizing the government. After four years of arrest, he was sentenced to 30 years in prison after unjusture. He still detained despite the exemption of the United Nations.
6 ::: Une histoire syrienne (2014) ::: short ::: Freelance photographer and 99%media member Jessica, who has left Montreal, decides to go to his home country, to cover the conflict that lasted for three years and the horror of the Syrian people under the rule of Bashar al -Assad. The testimony of her films and activists through amazing films tells the story of the terrible tragedy of her Syrian people.
7 ::: Wine & Beer (2005) ::: short ::: The story of the friends of childhood Brian and Vic who, after spending time apart, face the tensions of sexual orientation after trying to renew their friendship. At first, it seems that Vic's sexuality is not a problem, but after the two friends hang out in a local bar, Brian realizes that his hometown is not as tolerant as him. The couple is faced with family and social concerns, which goes from argument to violent. While the main characters try to mingle with the conservative city, they soon find themselves considered by a small town resistant to change. This film explores homophobia and violence in the small town of the United States, this time from a "right" point of view.
8 ::: The Right Hand Man (2004) ::: short ::: Matt just wants to be like drinking his arduous card from uncle, Larry. But Larry will not know what he needs to know, so Matt must take matters in his hands with great fingers. So what happens when a face comes with the most dangerous man in Cardiff ... Sicily?
9 ::: Drexciya (2012) ::: short ::: Thomas is a smuggler, transporting European refugees who hopes to find a better life in Africa. One day his boat sank and he survived on the African coast. Then he goes to the nearest city - Drexia.
10 ::: Bicycle Lessons (2010) ::: short ::: Two Italian veterans and two Americans tell intimate stories of capture and escape in the hands of the Nazis and fascists during the Second World War in Italy. Thanks to a deep personal reflection, we learn difficult lessons and experiences that are frightening today. Fabio Ricci, (Italian) brings us back to his Tuscan village to show us how he hid under an artichoke plant to escape the capture of the Germans. Fabio is articulated, intelligent and kind and gives a poignant overview of the way war has shaped life in Italy and has changed the world. Floyd Duams, (American) survived three European invasions, to be captured in Italy, then to escape Cine Citta 'The Italian Movie Lot - Camp prison. Floyd gives an overview of life with the Italian metro. Pio Pieruccini, (Italian) refused to fight with the Nazis, once Italy has joined the Allied forces, recounts its capture, and how in the prisoner camp, forced to work by making bombs, he is a victim of a bombing itself, losing its use of its use of its use of its use of its use of its use of its use of its use of its use of its use of its use of its use of its use of its use of his use of his left hand. Pio is sweet and philosophical, and explodes his emotions on man and war. Albert Soria, (American) born in Turin Italy, recounts a childhood raised in fascism, fleeing the Nazi with his father, moved to America via Switzerland, joined the American army and returned to release his homeland. He was the only member of his team to survive a mortar attack.
11 ::: Ryde Share (2014) ::: short ::: Mark, the discouraged Ryde shared driver, experiences that he may be the most strange change ever. It is best to share it if he proves that he likes to get in the car, until he picks up ants. Ryde Share is a modern short film that uses the current ride share/personal taxi phenomenon as a means of conveying a heartwarming story.
12 ::: The Turtle (2013) ::: short ::: Turtle is the Gold and Mind's journey, in nature, art, fashion, fashion, and music in dialog. The turtle is most fundamental to the human soul. The turtle's journey is at the same time and re-time; It is the moment this moment is between the existence and no value. The turtles invite us to share themselves to share themselves, and if we do, it is back to us that we don't have known. The turtle pain is our pain, but the success of the turtle is our success. Turtles, simply, life is.
13 ::: One Cup of Coffee (2009) ::: short ::: Before the Rigi star became the most famous in the world, Bob Marley was a farmer. Bob used to say that one day he wanted to stop playing music and return to the farm. Now, his son Rohan fulfills his father's dream by starting a coffee farm in the beautiful Jamaica Jamaica. Rohan decided to focus on coffee because it affects many small wages all over the world. He and his family founded Marley Coffee based on the "ITAL" principle of "ITAL", which collects the concepts of fair and sustainable agriculture equipped with shadows and membership. In this way, Rohan helps lift the responsible ethical planting tape.
14 ::: Pinchon Mendell Portrait of a Film Artist (2005) ::: short ::: The portrait of the film artist Pinchon Mendel looks closely at one of the most innovative young filmmakers today. This short program gives a small insight into a fateful man who does what Da Vinci has done for a brush. This is Pinchon Mendel.
15 ::: Harry Weinberg's Notebook (1991) ::: short ::: Based on Leslea Newman's story "A letter to Harvey Milk", this award -winning short film examines the sensitive problems that occur when Harry Weinberg, an older Jewish man, writes on a creative writing class that is taught by a lesbian teacher. For a specific order, Harry wrote a letter to his former customer and friend, the political activist Harvey Milk killed. The letter unleashs a series of events that Marvin, Harry's best friend, prompted to painfully remind and reveal a tragic incident in a concentration camp forty years ago.
16 ::: Just Like You Imagined (2003) ::: short ::: In the early days with the help of cloning, people learn how to use more than 15% of their brain health, authority they can access their best. In the middle of it, a small shepherd's small shepherd called the "causing acts," to identify and develop the right to move from their body. A special unique union was created to shave new colors.
17 ::: Rover Turns Santa Claus (1909) ::: short ::: The Christmas time comes around, but doesn't make a good journey in this poverty that is sufficient to make these ideas to buy the poor. Good parents feel disappointing, and their sorrow is faster when the minor is near fireplace, hoping to Santa Classes will visit them at night. Small families have been removed in their beds, and the Rohore sleeps before the fireplace. The old dog knows that for children in the morning and with a man's intelligence, where he passes on the road, where he is most beautiful articles. He creates several trips to house their business at home and then burn it in front of her floyd to come and waiting for their small friends. Young people start and beginning the most, and there was forgetful clothes, and when good parents don't really find it, and the best no one is good for him
18 ::: Mishmeret Shniya (1996) ::: short ::: Bereckweets, Israel's reset soldiers at a remote checkpoint along the Israeli-Charis border. He spoke a few yards across the border on Jordan, he spoke, he found a fat to death like him. They pass time together, help each other, get in trouble, and still handle it with this in a short-end film.
19 ::: Blind Carbon Copy (2003) ::: short ::: The blind copy of Carbon is a modern, warning comedy on the relationship between people and the technology they rely on to communicate. When the power is mysteriously falling into a computer company, residents are pushed into a foreign situation where they need to interact directly. Without the amenities of the digital anonymia, they are helpless to do a lot, but they break through their way through a maze of new and uncomfortable problems. E -mail and digital networks made these fellow virtual strangers to each other.
20 ::: (NOT) DEAD MALL SERIES: MIAMI NICE: ULTRA-LUXURY BAL HARBOUR SHOPS (2017) ::: short ::: Dan Bell takes viewers to an active, upscale mall tour of Ball Harbor, FL. This rich mall maintains many features of classic malls, including working fountains and palm trees, though this mall is special because it contains many luxury and elite retail shops and boutiques. Describing Bal Harbor's shops as "I have ever been the most beautiful mall", Dan's statement adds more information about the background and the history and architecture of this magnificent mall.
21 ::: M. Foudamour, la lune promise (1994) ::: short ::: Mr. Foudamour is a person totally obsessed with love. It is so excessive and idealist to become unbearable. So, he mistakes seeking his promised love. He meets Gloria and promises her moon. A nice promise to send him to climb the stars stars.
22 ::: Miért fusson az ártatlan (1994) ::: short ::: Author for translation. Posterity knows almost just about the "cold days", about the massacres of the Hungarian genius in Ujvid, although revenge was ten times more bloody and cruel. Twenty years ago, in 1944, the Serbian partisans locked the Franciscan monks trying to rescue the Csangs and the Swabians. The film remembers their fate and cruel martyrdom.
23 ::: Danse Macabre (2015/II) ::: short ::: To truly live, one has to protect death in the eyes. Danse Macabre is a young adventure after a young girl, Esther, who is frightened by this act, doing everything in her power to avoid even looking. She escaped from her appointment, and started a series of strange encounters. A story about the fear of the well-known and acceptance of the unavoidable, Danse Macabre shows us that after all, things are done, things are not as bad as they appear.
24 ::: ShortBreads (2017) ::: short ::: Nicky's mother puts her in scouts and has made it hard. His hard work and loyalty allow him to achieve all their goals. He loved to be scouts, so he sent tradition to his daughter and Carrie. Every girl's scout is always the best friends and the history of all the girls who came to him.
25 ::: One Story (2007) ::: short ::: Isaac Chor Berer was a six-year-old family and a village. He tried to travel 1000 miles to the refugee camp. The next fifteen years will be held on flights to other people's camps in water, Ethiopia and other folk camps in Kenya. He chose Isaac to become a student, not soldier. In the summer of 2005, Isaac had the first lost child of Sudan. The mother does not know that he is alive, and after more than two decades, he received it. Special personal account, Chronicles "One story" 'One story' Helpives' Visits of Isaac Chor Handering are more than their experience to cross the children's refugees around the world.
26 ::: Lucy, My Goddess (1992) ::: short ::: Like a blue beard, women kill sexual partners. But when a lonely man gets hooked on her, she chooses not to have sex with him. His obsession grows and eventually agrees to be his girlfriend. She then approaches his house with a butcher knife he is eagerly forecasting for an obsessive love for her.
27 ::: Changing Blossoms (2006) ::: short ::: Changing blossoms are the closest story involved in three women. Miranda and her two daughters blossom and jean on. The story, set up around cultural structure and family traditions, highlights the conflict that occurs in families working in a single parent matrix. Jean on Luclov, 15 years old and harmed in the fight between her mother and her older sister. The ongoing struggle in the past unprocessed issue, the Jean -on -conflict tries to obtain Miranda's confidence and acceptance. Jean on Blossom was reckless, satisfying and publicly attracted to the world. Blossom is trying to get peace with her past and Miranda and tries to protect Jean on from the same situation, which causes her mental confusion. Miranda has to be selected between her daughters and her new lover Joseph, open to the way to help her and finance her window. Joseph gives a fascinating and natural lady man, but with a clear dual personality that causes conflict when he is away from the Luklov family. Some words cause his physical existence to cause his words. Tony Jean Jean on boyfriend. Jean is a little bigger than on, he willingly attracted into Luklov conflict and UMES plays the role of Big Brother at the moment of Jean on.
28 ::: Water Bugs (1941) ::: short ::: This specialty Pete Smith shows a group called The Water Bugs. Its members create new ways to experience emotions in the waters of the California lakes. Included in this film are boats with driving abroad, two people using a pair of single water skis, and a water skier drawn from a low -flight plane.
29 ::: Iridescent (2017/II) ::: short ::: Virtual reality once seemed too futuristic to be true - now it is hailed as the 21st century empathy machine. But can that really change someone's point of view? To explore its potential, Porter Novelli Melbourne has taken up a challenge to educate Australians on this poorly understood question, to see the world through the eyes of another person.
30 ::: Queer Birds (1945) ::: short ::: It starts as an illustrated version of the verse on "The Pelican whose beak can contain more than its belly box". He focuses on the Pelicans because they fight, eat and fish, but funny buffoonery from other birds, including crows, owls and hawks, are also shown.
31 ::: Dr. Nagourney: Making a Difference (2006) ::: short ::: Are you or someone who understands you to consider cultural treatment options? The survive in this Media Download will tell you in your words how Dr. Ngornney treats their special cancer. He felt that there was no longer ... he was "she" that made a difference.
32 ::: Without (2009/I) ::: short ::: Two men meet in the middle of a gloomy, endless flat desert. Climbing the last pieces of their existence, no character can remember how they arrived there, or the last time they saw anything-a city, a city, a sign of life. The metaphor and meaning of the film unfolds while the characters carefully evaluate each other. They possess contradictory and complementary features, revealing the basic paradox of the film: both support and threaten each other's survival. The tense, symbolic story is further complicated with the discovery that one character is holding part of the other's soul, though no one knows it. This short visually stunning examines the complications and contradictions of the human condition
33 ::: The Head of a Pin (2004) ::: short ::: The leader of a pin reveals the annoying ruminations of the filmmaker and his friends as they try to find out about nature. Beginning as an examination of the differences between urban and rural life, between daily milling and summer holidays, the film is unexpectedly transformed into a portrait of what is happening when the inhabitants of the city meet a spider in countries .
34 ::: Une visite (1955) ::: short ::: A timid and clumsy young man is looking for a room through newspaper ads. A young lady responds to her phone call. When she arrives in the apartment with her suitcase, he finds the young lady in the company of a girl entrusted to her brother. Soon another young man arrives, wearing modern sunglasses and bold behavior, which contrasts with the shy behavior of the first. Each of them tries to lure the young lady. A maneuver tested by Bold Guy is the cigarette/steam locomotive trick later, which will be seen in Jules et Jim. The shy young man tries again, but in the end, the two give up. Together they leave the apartment and the young lady, who is shown and relieved and disappointed. This short film was denied by Truffaut, but it can be considered a prelude to the theme "Love Trio", found in several later Truffaut films.
35 ::: I morgen er alt mulig (2009) ::: short ::: "Aarhus |" - The result of a non-traditional partnership between directors and songwriters. The songwriter's songs replace the traditional manuscript and take the director in a completely new way. All movies were taken to the orchus in 24 hours and all of them lasted for three to ten minutes. Nikolaj Bendix Nikolaj Bendix Skyum Skyum Larsen invites audience to a small story about life.
36 ::: Les dimanches d'un bourgeois de Paris (2015) ::: short ::: While the Parisian frame of thirty -year -old Patissot suffers from stress, his doctor advises him to exercise and get some fresh air in the countryside. After unsuccessful attempts to socialize on the Seine's Berge Fitness Trail, he left Paris by train to discover and discover on the bank of Seine de Seine a forest in the Yvelines. But nothing will happen as planned ...
37 ::: Graduation Day (2008/II) ::: short ::: An American navy picks up a girl at a party. A first rainy meeting at 7 p.m. in New York soon becomes only one evening. But can true love conquer everything? Our heroine is a peace activist, our hero a 1st lieutenant of the United States Marine Corps for a battlefield in the Middle East in the morning. Will this couple cross in stars find common ground?
38 ::: Vissungos (2016) ::: short ::: On the beach on the banks of San Paulo, the documentary crew shot a day life and collect interviews. They had two more days left and forced to deal with consequences that cannot find the main picture of the film: a poor area.
39 ::: Se a Memória Existe (1999) ::: short ::: A dozen of the revolutionary army officers who played eminent parts in the change of political regime in Portugal, from a military dictatorship to a social democracy, read a book to a young girl who describes in a poetic but realistic way what happened In the streets and spirits of her people in April 25, 1974.
40 ::: Breaking Up the Signals (2006) ::: short ::: This movie "is disrupting the symbols" turned on four phone conversations, making each other different. Migration of four different bases, four characters specified and limited to the phone, speak among the films as a shaped movie. If these reports link yourself to each other, it is only for common plan, through reference, props, props, and form. Also, the idea of ​​cracking in one's domain of unnecessary expression and technology leads to one's misunderstanding. Suddenly, if a topic with this movie together, he must have been the subject of beliefs, the subject that makes four different, four different parts.
41 ::: Almost Perfect (2017) ::: short ::: In the 1940s, inspired by sexual desire against laws in Britain in the 1940s. Helen works in an Undertaker and is an artist and stylist for the dead. The heavenly Helen has developed a dark desire: the urge to work on this wish is what she no longer oppose. Helen starts advertising for a new assistant, but is she looking for an assistant or an empty canvas on which to build her next work?
42 ::: Hangman (2004) ::: short ::: H A N G M A N is an excerpt of performance that combines both live and edited moving images with performance, playfully redefining power symbols. A summary but visceral view of the psyche of businessmen, H A N G M A N reveals invisible aspects of the common relationship.
43 ::: Itipini Community Project (2008) ::: short ::: Jenny McConnachie withdrew in South Africa with her husband Chris to set up a clinic to serve poor Itipini deceivers. Decades later, they have become a ray of hope for thousands and their sacrifice has inspired both local and international volunteers to give them again.
44 ::: Water Falls (2014) ::: short ::: Water False is a new science on a Sphere (SOS) image of NASA, which introduces people to the Global Presipation Measurement (GPM) satellite mission. The film is designed to increase the awareness of the launch of the GPM Core satellite in February 27, 2014. In short, the GPM is a joint NASA and Japanese space agency program that takes an important task of measuring water when we fall to the surface of our planet. However, the film is more than the new space hardware talk. Its aim is to engage the viewer in thinking about the role of fresh water in our daily life. In addition to an overview of how the orbit paths and equipment of the satellite navy work, we see the complexity that understands water when the atmosphere falls through the atmosphere. Beautiful seamless photography from the natural world, to the iconic waterfalls from the blossoms, and the kayakers are also in a lake. Of course, what is life without fresh water?
45 ::: Yemaque (1999) ::: short ::: Mo Tz-Yi is a young school of high school that he likes to hypnotize listening to ribbons, with the intention of exploring the world beyond. Chen Wen-Yi, a student who failed in class before, cares about anyone and nobody cares about him. Mo begins to change your attention to Chen. Rumors about Chen abound: once he had committed suicide. As two chords with the same frequency achieve resonance when they play together, Mo and Chen begin an interesting trip together.
46 ::: FixNATION (2004) ::: short ::: In a world full of new rapidly growing technology (and all the overwhelming options it offers), it seems that our tendency to add addiction has increased steadily with the new medium -circulating addiction. If we want to believe that the media, the old saying of "everything in moderation" has been thrown on the four winds, and never returned.
47 ::: What's Your Hurry? (1909) ::: short ::: Baba is proud of his new water, a gun. Mary's friend is up to a visit and is keen to introduce him to Baba. When Harry Baba sees walking with a gun, he misunderstood and leaves terrorism. Harry continues to face Baba everywhere, escapes, and baffles the old man. At the last door, Harry returned to the homeland to get an explanation and reunification with Mary. "What is your wheel? Here is your hat?" Well, they had no hand over his hat on this particular occasion. He left in such a wheel to the point that if he had no hat in his hand while he would have left without it. It happened on Baba's birthday. When Baba appears at breakfast, there is a wealth of gifts awaiting it, and the most valuable among them is a double barrel pistol, because the door is somewhat athletic. He can barely finish his meal in his concern about the amazing piece of the piece, and show it to his friends. Habib Mary. Harry, calls and becomes bold before it not only once, but twice in the same place. Mercy! Mary threatens to tell Baba if she dares to do this again. He dared, and he rushed out to tell him: But is she? of course not. She is still angry with his weapon and goes to show him to Harry. It is, of course, guilty, he believes that his time has come, so he surpasses him, and every time he comes within a domain, he hurriedly lengthens the distance between them, until a final door amazes him and learns to his extreme entertainment formed is.
48 ::: Poem 8 (1932) ::: short ::: A movie without words. A young woman dances in a field, she projects innocence. More experienced women follow, cigarettes and cocktails and then give invitations to sex. A man responds, but he is a lover that is mad. In the midst of this scattered story, a train arrives in New York City, its skyline appears, a ship's port leaves, while the greeters are goodbye, and leave a pattern in the awakening water of the boat. Near the end, a woman drawn white muslin dances and a whirlpool in a field, her eyes closed. The fall of the leaves, a woman walks, a man comes behind it. Women's invitations, answers to men. The possibilities are plenty, but not all gentle.
49 ::: Vroom!-Vroom! (2008) ::: short ::: Mario, a young person, to take his girlfriend in his black car. They move on to a short time before stopping it in the park. Suddenly, Sammy's father (anointment) stopped behind them. It does not take young people long to decide to run for the parking goes behind them on the car pursuit around the city. Young people manage to handle the same girl but the police, just to get bad and their unwanted actions.
50 ::: Samaya Ra Paristhiti (2014) ::: short ::: How often do we come with us? We will stay for a while and find the time for how long it will last? Shall we breathe even a discount? If we are really happy, how often did we ask ourselves? Are you doing what you always want to do? Have you noticed the temptation of birds anymore? Will you notice the cool line of the winds of the wind when you are? Do you feel the sense of self-sacrifice yourself? Did you feel you're not yourself but you should not be yourself. Do you live between moments or when they want you to do you want to live? Are you grateful to your Saturday every day? Do you understand how much time is slippery, and are we dancing the melody of the situation? Samaya R. R.A. Parmisti is all in connection with this.
51 ::: The Shaman's Apprentice (2009) ::: short ::: Elijah, a skeptical anthropologist who specializes in the study of shamanism, conducts field research with a powerful shaman healer, Santero. One day, Elijah arrives at Fernando's cabin and discovers the old man in disorder. Santero says he was injured by a evil sorceress, Akilina, and explains that without the help of Elijah, he will succumb to his next attack. At first, Elijah doubts in believing in Santero, but when Elijah accidentally attracts Akilina's attention, he is cursed and on the verge of death. Will choose your beliefs to save your life?
52 ::: Nice & Rough (2011) ::: short ::: Nice & power is a gift that prevails a little movie about a woman puts itself in between two men's men. A man treats her as a woman, he despises him. The other woman treats her like grass but he looks at him. This is more common in the world as a dating, so I decided to make a movie about it. Watch out and enjoy.
53 ::: Niche (2013) ::: short ::: Documentary film, nic, the current shark protection measures are considered many complicated. The film is compliment with personal footage, stock footage, and professional from many backgrounds. Grandpa first is to create importance to the survival of sea echosphoshouses, yesterday to the complications of challenge to the complications of the challenged shark protection measures. What sets are determined to be representative of different vision other than other evil-control films. Bringing the entire table to trade, scientists, scientists, scientists, to discuss the future of East protection.
54 ::: The Book of Orgazmo (2003) ::: short ::: Ever wonder how they ever managed to make a movie like Orgazmo? Well, the old duo of the elder Tom and the elder Matt host this tour of the mind of Creator Trey Parker and what inspired him to do the movie. Even the acting staff and the crew were interviewed, even presenting scenes on the original 16 -million trailer and never seen staff again. It is also discussed "Whether the shaving of your balls really makes OL 'Johnson look bigger, how fans love the movie, collected the goods and danced disc music. Also shown are behind -the -scenes views of the film, as well as how difficult each effect was in this, since then they did not have the convenience of computer animation.
55 ::: Drag King (2008) ::: short ::: Each summer Lake County, California residents come together for "Fiberglass 500", a race where people get old, beat their boats with their derivative derby cars around a race route and try They make other boats to slice! The last man (or woman) stands. Documentary filmmakers win the John Beck and Don Lewis awards one day in the tournament and bring you "king".
56 ::: Heimkehr.Wien 1941/1996 - Geregelte Leidenschaften VII (1996) ::: short ::: The oath of home and the nation is destroyed by Patus (from the Nazi "return") and is eliminated by writing on the screen. The text refers to the structure and composition of the fragmented speech. Planning and Patus alienates each other. (Für DevidenzwisseSchaft Institute)
57 ::: All Girls on Deck (1952) ::: short ::: In this 10 minutes of 10 minutes in Pacemoreter of ParamouCran, the Heddan owner believed that women look like women as a sailor. Except to enter a competitive transportation, Hedderman allows the same as how he likes all sailors.
58 ::: "Healing My Skin" (2017) ::: short ::: Kim Weiler is dedicated to leading others on the way to a healthy life, not only through dietary changes, but also a great help of self-love. This online series will take you during its 21-year-old journey to healing, which began when it developed psoriasis of autoimmune disease at the age of 19. Struggling with the condition of the skin all her adult life, Kim without her clear skin after applying a strict regimen of proper nutrition, which included - love - "food" number one for the soul. After a long career working in all aspects of the TV and film industry, she is now helping others through her business, healing my skin, LLC. She is a certified coach of international holistic health, expert of psoriasis, speaker and author.
59 ::: Proclamation Punctuation (2017) ::: short ::: "Proclamation punctuation" is a fascinating fashion film aimed at a fantastic fascinating woman who recites a short soliloquy who tributes her love for using exclamation points in her missives. Periods are so point, where a sentence comes up when an exclamation mark comes! There is just nothing worse than a long -dragged sentence that ends in a non -inspiring boring dot! So if exclamation points are your philosophy of life, you should always keep it on the up beat !!
60 ::: The Dirt Merchants 'Romancery' (2017) ::: short ::: Spencer, a medium -sized problem at a small time, a great man at the university and the leader of a group of high school kids. Mysteriously, Spencer is hired to a street -like street sales company. He apparently passed high school because he begins to increase the meteorite in the company and engage in a strange culture full of unpleasant sales speeches and shadow street transactions. Spencer starts paying cash. He buys a classic chevelle, starts to dress, and meets a stunning brunette with him starting a tough romantic relationship. Brandon, a problematic friend from the other side of the songs, cannot work with all the "motivational shocks" and "rah rah bitch slap hobpla". So he starts stealing homes and paying drugs in a small time. His small crew becomes a profitable company because of coaching Avi Solomon, a sixty -year -old Jewish diamond smuggler. Over time, tension is created between the two friends because they succeed and try to attract each other in each other's world. New York Media's famous Brandon crew and nicknamed James Bond Bond is happy to report on the activities of soft and smooth crews on a daily basis. The situation reaches a dangerous head because Spencer agrees to come to a "party" in a crime complex and intends to make a definitive refusal to join the crime gang. Brandon, Avi Solomon and a group of drug thugs oppose. Everything becomes physical. Five years later, Susan, a friend of Brandon and Spencer, leaves the gathering of some high school gangs and comes home to find out that his mansion has been broken, the obvious victim of the James Bond gang.
61 ::: Enjoy (1998) ::: short ::: The story of the passion of filmmakers with a bright cultural icon on one side - a huge neon Coca -Cola sign - and at the same time a series of TV commercial simulations, with a parade of characters and situations that signal Comments - for its impact on personal "impulse" from its domination of public landscape, "true willpower to enjoy".
62 ::: Picture Day (2017) ::: short ::: Derek, a high school student, decides to reveal his real self on the day of the senior image. Convening his own courage, seeking the approval of his parents and finally taking advantage of the without remarkable acceptance of his friends are panels on this short journey from hesitation to empowerment.
63 ::: Störkraft (2014) ::: short ::: Störkraft is an experimental animation, hand-drawn created to accompany a piece of abstract music. It is an exploration of colors, shapes, and textures and serves as a visual expression of its sounding counterpart. The piece was inspired by the abstract works of Norman McLaren and Oskar Fithinger.
64 ::: Planting Daisy (2016) ::: short ::: The abused wife, Dena, discovered that her husband would use herbs from the garden to suppress women for evil acts, and decided to give him the taste of his own medicine. With the help of her best friend Briona, they plant evidence with their husbands and plant Mote's latest foolishness.
65 ::: Szmolinsky (2007) ::: short ::: Just out of Berlin, the set of Szmolinsky Carl and Ing, set in the Germany's Abbarswaved, Germany. Karl is harassed by local animal rights activists after the North Korean government contacts its "German veterans" to send it to Pyong Yang. Szmolinsky offers a look in a chapter in this extraordinary story.
66 ::: Random Acts of Intimacy (2002) ::: short ::: A group of people have discussed the opportunity encounters, causing them to have sex with complete strangers. One girl recalls her experiences in the middle of a busy club, the other is being caught by the police. A female describes a gay clinic in the toilet, a man recalls his 30 -second affair in a train and a woman takes a coach trip.
67 ::: Impermanence and the Forest (2009) ::: short ::: This personal documentary is a synthesis of several spiritual retreats in a "forest of peace" to find a break from the conveyed pace and occlusions of the civilized mainstream life. In five "days" structured, inconsistency and the forest, the escape records, immersion in the distraction, attitude and regression by the "Map Asylum", which is provided by an contemplative refuge in the forest. This video diary mixes both lenses and abstract images and sounds to devote themselves metaphorically changing and temporary spiritual conditions. Actions of walking, seeing, listening and searching, to be effortless; to be in an action plan without plans. Enlightenment remains dark. As with most retreats with an agenda, there are certain phases that can be counted on: initial decompression and long nap, cozy examinations and consideration for the surrounding area, flood thoughts and dreams. Maybe a few fleeting moments of mindfulness. Or a desperate revelation? "If you hit the Buddha in the forest, kill him."
68 ::: On Semblance (2013) ::: short ::: What is a ghost but a memory? Two women are present in the same old department while belonging to two different dimensions: their encounter is in postponement, always late to seize the traces of memory that fades in the fragility of their unresolved love.
69 ::: The Tunnel (2017) ::: short ::: Jeannie and Marc go to the Santa Monica dock to have a fun way together. Jeannie is nervous since Marc has been distant, and is not sure where they are. She is trying to forget her concerns and just concentrate on repairing what may be wrong. She gets distracted from the other couples on the dock and cannot avoid comparing their own relationship with these others. Jeannie and Marc expect in the row for the carousel. Once in it, everything seems to smell, until it is. Marc is becoming distantly distant, and when he turns to Jeannie, they are transported to another place. The carousel has taken Jeannie to a love tunnel to show him what his relationship with Marc. Has really been full of more bad than good and moments that caused him insecurity. Does she really want to keep him? When the carousel decides that he has seen enough, he releases his back to the dock. Marc is already out of the trip. Did you see any of the memories? Jeannie approaches him and turns to look at the carousel. She receives a good memory of her and Marc. For her, that is enough to take Marc's hand and continue with him.
70 ::: Invest to Impress (2003) ::: short ::: Nathan Normalson (22 -year -old founder of Invest to impress) demonstrates how you can make a great profit in 5 simple steps; With his step -by -step guide for financial success .. simply selling and marketing foreign children in the black market. Short satirizer satirizes the infommerial genre, while giving disturbing socio-political messages in a light heart pack that makes a tour of Camp, Satire, Sleaze, and above all comedy!
71 ::: The Buzzer (2017) ::: short ::: Marius, a Russian man, is caught inside his bunker after a nuclear bomb attack. The bunker, where he lived for a long time, is running out of oxygen, has to make an important decision, whether to leave the bunker or not, while choosing for his future, something changes everything forever.
72 ::: Museo naval (1975) ::: short ::: Documentary on the evolution of the Spanish navy.
73 ::: Dumbing Down Wine (2012) ::: short ::: A look for good honey. Jim Caspian and Jewish After Shame, Jim and Jewish discusses there with different food and pollution that discussed the material and the item required for twenty orders. They also discuss the number of prices between milk.
74 ::: Maggie's Not Here (2006) ::: short ::: Maggie chronically works a tedious work in a sleepy college city. She believes that she wants to choose between Richard, who she loves, and Luke, with whom she enjoys sleeping, only to find that none of them is the source of her happiness or her intense, unexplained pain while the sex.
75 ::: 3eme B, 4eme gauche (2011) ::: short ::: Salome is only interested in it. His neighbor is Nicholas, but it does. He and many girls return to the apartment. Salome wants to be one of the girls. So she walks around Nichola, which doesn't give any warning. Because Salome is only a child.
76 ::: Iranian, Gay & Seeking Asylum (2009) ::: short ::: The impact of such strict laws on homosexuality in Iran is checked by the life of a housing searcher Ramtin. After taking his boyfriend in Tehran and after torture, he now follows Leeds. Ramtin and a close friend Ali damaged the situation that ends many young men in his country. These wonderful data find Ramtin Damtin, U.K. Plays most of life, Flamencko guitar, playing on your local radio, training team with a professional dancer and the formation of a support team for other gay Iranians. The fear of persecution when he returns to Iran, he works in Ramtin's life, because the house office denies his citizenship.
77 ::: The Making 'Inside Man' (2006) ::: short ::: This making piece presents the usual mix of film clips, pieces and interviews behind the scenes. We hear from Spike Lee, producer Brian Grazer, and actors Denzel Washington, Clive Owen and Jodie Foster. The show looks at how Lee and Grazer came to work together and their work together, casts and performances, shooting reasons and Lee's style and research and realism.
78 ::: J'ai perdu mon enfant! (1920) ::: short ::: D -Aja Anatol, a superb elephant, just gave birth to her son Bob. Reckless and greedy, he follows a banana tied to a cord. He is trapped and dials into a group of trained animals. D -Ja Anatol is desperate: "I lost my child!" Obuh the monkey promises to find her dear. He travels through the desert and fights with a lion, a snake and a tiger. Help from the giraffe, he finally finds Bob and returns it to his mother.
79 ::: "365 docobites" (2014) ::: short ::: 365 Docbytes team traveled through 5 continents, 30 countries and 70 cities to make 365 short documentaries in 365 days. He released a new short documentary for a year for a year, with a new story from a stranger that he met on the streets of the world cities. A series that celebrates humanity in all, is diversity and invites the audience to visit with them and know the strangers of the world.
80 ::: Greenhorn (2014) ::: short ::: Greenhorn is a powerful film that gives the Holocaust. Underline our defective humanity and talks about the healing value of friendship. Greenhorn, adapted from the brief novel of the same name, is based on the true story of a 11 -year -old holocaust surviv Two face the thugs that make fun of them, Aaron due to their stuttering and Daniel due to the small box (their only possession), with their terrible secret that he will not let out his sight. Daniel, the young survivor, rarely speaks, but the narrator, a stuttering that carries the teasing of the other children, comes to consider Daniel his friend. The mystery of what is in the box promotes this short film, but it is in the complex relationships of the children of the school that reveals human history. In the end, Aaron, Stutterer, finds his voice and a friend in Daniel, and his link offers hope for a future life of dreams made, one in which Daniel can put aside his box.
81 ::: Alice Rose (2006) ::: short ::: Alice is married to a poor and abusive man and has begun an adventure with Peter, a rich and gentle lover who would do anything for her. Gathering in her rendez-vauz, she finally convinces her to leave her husband and flee together in distant lands, but in the midst of her joy, her husband broke into ... armed. Running for their lives, Alice and Peter try to escape, but a sinister plot slowly unravels that demonstrates, in Film Noir, nothing is as it seems.
82 ::: Deep Inside (2009) ::: short ::: Did your conscience follow you in recent situations? Are you surrounded by the echo of the crisis? A young man captured in the depression of the poisoning world explores the truth that good, peace, peace, and evil can only recover from us. The film shares the insights of a suffering man seen through conversations with conscience, and takes us on a self -discovered whispering journey. The deep inside is a powerful real story in which people reveal their dark areas and encourage them to return to self -love, peace and joy. You can also get a glimpse of the Light shape of the planet Earth. This is a unique search that challenges not only the existence of us but also our relationship with our inner self.
83 ::: Absence (1976) ::: short ::: This film talks about "nothing". Dramatic "loss" advice is imagined throughout, but the main effect of the film is to give, by ephemeral and ephemeral visions, a feeling of something that almost exists but which does not hurt it.
84 ::: Pretty Wise (2012) ::: short ::: People Films is proud to bring you a group of newest riders for our 2012 film Pretty Wise, in which 11 have a natural talent with new growing stars and 3 veterans, leaving their indelible impression on the snowboarding world.
85 ::: Roof Knocking (2017) ::: short ::: In Palestine affected by war, a woman prepares a meal for her family to break the fast in the month of Ramadan. A phone call from an Israeli soldier warns her of bombing her building in 10 minutes. Accepting the fate of her family is the only way in which she has to take a position for her life, with grim consequences.
86 ::: Shelter (2012/III) ::: short ::: Protecting is a brief film that follows the night and the homeless and Salford, Manchester. The movie met the visitors that they explode at the door and crossed the night and discovered their existence; Hear anecdotes from the lives of life, the accounts so badly in the past activity, their opinion and life plans for the future. The visitors are also wandering in the first morning of the morning face to face the unknown day.
87 ::: Short Fiction in 99 Words or Less (2003) ::: short ::: A filmmaker walks in Park City to record 99 different people saying a word each, then uses these 99 words to tell the story of a filmmaker who was walking in the city of Park City 99 different people saying a word each, then use These 99 words to say it. ..
88 ::: Smiling Through the Mystery (2017) ::: short ::: Will is forced to reconcile his disappointed perspective when Jennifer creates the potential for a real connection. His non-linear moments of fantastic and heartache, the romantic arch of his life, leads him to the precipitate of the romance. But with the present unwritten, it is up to the will to decide whether it will embrace the mysterious magic of bright nights and shine.
89 ::: The Intangible Journey Trilogy (2006) ::: short ::: Three negative videos working in the rain. These characters represent a delicious kiss, moves some mysteries and weather. The digital locker represents attacks for clarity of reflecting in human perceptions. Each of the three pieces with different features that represents a different account for the first report - and thus have a severe wind and land is very real good. This journey begins with the nature of the light of the light of the lights of the blacks of the children, and in the end of the luminescence of traffic), and we are solid: but You will continue to be pouring out or discarded in space in space in space (more likely to eat it).
90 ::: The Kite (2005) ::: short ::: Align the wonderful city of Prague, young couples and eight-year-old boys go to the capital of the capital. The boy is bored in the sights and only thinks about flying its new roof. This is a story about the American adventure and how her parents are looking for it through the boy's outside country.
91 ::: Framed (2013/IV) ::: short ::: After being thrown away by her girlfriend, Dan decides to go to a Christmas party, a girl from work is hosted to take her mind from things. Unfortunately, for him, the only people there, besides himself and the host, are the strange man in the post room, his ex -girlfriend and the man for whom he left him - his manager.
92 ::: Grandma's Reading Glass (1900) ::: short ::: When it shows the new firm's technique of close-up through the use of a circular mask, the director alternates averages with extreme shots of the perspective to simulate the magnification of various objects. As the sweet grandmother organizes her sewing basket, Willy, her little inquisitive grandson, play with her glass to look inside a pocket watch, only to soon turn his attention to a bird In the cages, the grandmother's turning eye, and finally, a well fed cat. A child borrows his grandmother's lens to look at a newspaper advertisement for Bovril, on a watch, and then at a bird. The boy shows his grandmother what he is doing. The boy looks next to the grandmother's eye, then at a kitten.
93 ::: La freccia di carne (2008) ::: short ::: It is a story of the extreme effects of artistic delirium, aesthetic slavery, the unequal talent and the painful imagination that is degenerated into a serious illness. This is a portrait of a crazy person who is also fascinating. This is the picture of two black and evil hearts that meet the pleasure of fate. It is a picture of a vague and criminal side of the province of Pimontese in the late 19th century.
94 ::: Cryptonyms (2016) ::: short ::: Two agents, KACY and ROGER, are assigned to a foreign mission to protect national security. Sarah falls in love with the one who is enemy. Sarah should choose his love for a man and his love for his country.
95 ::: Interview with Composer David Arnold (1998) ::: short ::: Interview with composer David Arnold provides a small conversation with music. We have oversized a few pads about his work about his work. This intervention of statements with the film from the movie. Arnold reveals some interesting challenges about composing challenges for the bond.
96 ::: Across the Border (1982) ::: short ::: On the border, filmmaker Dana Place expresses her lifetime commitment to Latin American culture. More specifically, her image provides an unusual insight for the viewer on the complex relationship between the people of the government and the United States government. Completed in 1982, most American artists were trying to express their anger with their country's politics. Overcoming meetings of social documentary across the border, as we have learned it through public television. Instead, plays manipulate the visual elements that compose the picture by color and fragmentation. She uses this deconstruction process that leads to more understanding of "man -made" structures that cause the oppression of her. But the message of plays is not so much. The subtlety of a collage -like style represents a very open message, giving the viewer the opportunity to enter the work as a human being rather than a receptacle of a person's perspective. Dana's personal involvement with the people of El Salvador follows the tradition of cross -cultural awareness expressed by other female filmmakers such as Maya Deren (Haiti), Margaret Mead (Bali, New Guinea) and Chick Strand (Mexico).
97 ::: Padma Vyuham (2012) ::: short ::: The episode from the Mahabharata is re -ined in accordance with the modern scenario. Padma - Lotus. Vyuham - Warfare. A battle between 5 men standing on Lotus's 5 petals. The same event will permanently change the life of 5 different men. The two Big Shot Dance confrontation head, and their followers are the same. They just kill the machines? Or do they even have human emotions? Everyone fights for something. There is a reason for everyone. Everyone is avenger, avenge for a person who loves more than their life. Yes, war is fair in love, and all!
98 ::: Black (2015/II) ::: short ::: Arjun and Madhulika are a fortunately married couple. One day, she receives anonymous calls to which she is afraid. Knowing this, Arjun ignores them as normality. Things collapsed when the anonymous person enters the house finally to rape Madhulika.
99 ::: Spirit Spread High (2010) ::: short ::: A young girl is trying to close her mother's death. He has an idea that holding her mom ashes and published everywhere in anywhere that her mother was alive. Before he has a part of the rest of her mother with the world, he creates a robot in remembering his mother. This young girl, robot, and her mom with thumb by thumb as she spreads in anywhere. He finally closed with comfort and one mother that will always pass in the sea.
100 ::: Jo (2015) ::: short ::: After ending her nine -year relationship, Justine Pluvinage has no home, just before and a lot of time. She goes to New York for two and a half months to film and have sex. This intimate movie is also a story of how she uses her camera to meet new men.
101 ::: Rufio (2017) ::: short ::: Tom Davis moved back to the city, and Ray wants to invite him to her "club", to which she and her best friend Danny belong. Despite Danny's hesitation, caused by the disappearance of many local students, Ray Tom enables you to visit her hangout. Shortly afterwards, Danny is attacked by a shady figure and begins the fateful journey of Ray, filled with turns and twists when she tries to discover where Danny is - and who is really on her side.
102 ::: The Phone Ranger (2005) ::: short ::: Lenny Schnable is a shy telemarketer that fantasize about being a cowboy. Predictably, he has no respect from his family. But when the boss offers a Mexican vacation as an incentive reward for the highest sales, Lenny decides that he should strengthen to take his arch-rivals, the 5th generation telemarketer Darcy Masterson. It is noon in grafel products!
103 ::: Pixan: The Ghost of Gongora (2017) ::: short ::: In relation with the person who makes a person's abandonment for human rights, ur media offer "Pixán: Spirit of Góngora". A test of test Luis Góngangora Pat, 2016. For more information without anywhere who cherish: Blactertssssusaklordaliacalia. Black out for human rights, ur media provides "Pixán: Spirit of Góngha". The best article honoring Luis Góngorora Pat, who has no police ceiling or in the dancing of the San Francisco on April 7th, 2016.
104 ::: Capture the Flag (2010/II) ::: short ::: Adapted From The Novel by the Novel by the Flag Portrays the Tenuous Relationship Between A Father and A Daughter in the Socially Turbuent 1970s. The ea and her father of her father gather with friends for the annual catching of the flag. This year, more more than a white t-shirt for flag for flag. Ana's parents are in the threshold of Anai's parents, and it is the first time he and her father is attending Any mother. What starts to join someone soon leads to friendship between the drop and new vacuum in the middle of the children. During this week, some learning though some things change, the most important relationship will last somewhat.
105 ::: The Maestro: The Life & Music of Felipe Padilla de Leon (2012) ::: short ::: "Maestro" is a short documentary based on the life, music and legacy of the Philippine artist Philippe Padila de Leon. Di Leon was recognized for the "Crisis Composer", which was recognized under 13 different presidents as the main adviser to culture and music and part of numerous regimes and change in the Philippine politics.
106 ::: Scarlet Days (2013) ::: short ::: Date without signs are not linear provides many details of some of the best deals of the best deals of people who know the most myths, as Ohhela, Madte and Odette. The movie checks different parts' psys, expressing your prestige and suggest that they are all one.
107 ::: Rage (2008/I) ::: short ::: The film is concentrated around the thoughts and emotions experienced by Rosa for the news of pregnancy testing. At this crucial moment of her life, she reflects the relationship with her own mother and it has a harmful effect on her own trip in the motherhood.
108 ::: La tempesta (1998) ::: short ::: "Gnawa" is the Morocco Sufi Brotherhood. Its name originates from the word Berber's word "Ignavan". The Gnawa Brotherhood celebrates the ritual of "Leela" (the Arabic word "night"). It is a Gnawa night, in which the celebration called Leela was awaiting the arrival of Brotherhood to start the ritual that continued all night.
109 ::: Regard (2005) ::: short ::: Respond to a 'homeland' and 'security' threatened, in urban centers, 'consider' plays with visual impressions of consciousness, knowledge and surveillance, in the mechanized urban environment. The film meets the inherent danger to the forms of transit that weave winding roads through the city. A well -intentioned vulnerability arises, in the irony of the 'anti -cicide networks' that protect a viaduct. A mood each multi -exhibitions and 'double formatting of 8' / 16 mm, allows small frames to fade inside and outside, leaving the 16 mm frame between the bottom and foreground. A couple of eyes conveys ambivalent feelings of responsibility or oppression. Urban sounds merged with Beethoven's anguish.
110 ::: Pour la nuit (2004) ::: short ::: On the eve of the two events, all that is familiar marking emotional and fast departure, the murder and SEM are thrown together in the opportunity encounter. The next morning, along with his mother's funeral, French father and African mother's daughter, Murel, struggles to avoid her sorrow and unrest. Meanwhile, Sam faces the same emotional and desperate event: his wedding day. As the evening appears, both characters try to get comfort to withstand monumental changes, even if the rest is just "for the night".
111 ::: The Disagreement (2010) ::: short ::: Selina Kyle and Diana Prince are talking about their current activities on warm cup tea. They mentioned the jewelery in Paris and the earthquake in Haiti. They also talk about their current occupations. The fact that everyone in the two ladies does not realize that these women have alter ego. Selina is also an infamous thief Cat Woman and Diana super hero Wonn. When two ladies start talking about their boyfriend. Diana represents her boyfriend "Bruce", but Selina uses Babob as her boyfriend as a nickname. Both realized that their boyfriends were the same, and that the "catfight" happened.
112 ::: Circles: Homeless in Paradise (2014) ::: short ::: Experience how long hope people have been used to lose everything and get the organization who will help the unprovoked persons to return to the poverty persons. Discover "Halanies" from the Gulgia, Florida and Catholic Charges and see how it can keep life.
113 ::: Elefantenhaut (2009) ::: short ::: Elfi works in a printing company. She piles brochures on the assembly line, and when the mother calls the mobile phone, Elfi has to scream because the machines run so fast. Elfi is about fifty and shares a small apartment in the lower Austrian province with the mother. After the end of the evening she takes care of the old woman, who always has desires and complaints, but never has a good word for the daughter.
114 ::: Being Ozzy Osbourne (2000) ::: short ::: Being an Ozi Osborne is a separate spin on the formula for-Mind-Portal-in-Tombina-Maggions found very popular by BJM. Greg is a semi-responsive but listed papitier. His aggressively Frumpy wife Dotte pressed her to take a job in a mysterious sliced ​​company named Hoser Corp, once, she immediately falls in love with her mini-vaccine co-worker, an icy Vicksen named Maurin. Later that day, a cardboard portal is found behind the greg shredder. Five minutes later, he has thrown indefinitely on the forest LN drive next to 134 freeways. Greg tells Maurin, who quickly whipped the plan to sell the ticket. This short, loving tribute for a great Come Maddy happens quickly. It ends in a fantastic love triangle that discovers the complications of human behavior, the spiritual effects of mind-view, and only on all sides. Immediately after the release of John Malcovich in November, one weekend, the film made rounds before making the internet audience available to Los Angeles. This time was compatible with the introduction of John Malcovich on DVD and video.
115 ::: Nothing But the Magnificent (2010) ::: short ::: The artist and photographer Sarah Cook shoots Graham Simpson before he ever realized that he was part of Roxy Music. This brief artistic documents Simpson, as she found it, in Ladbroke Grove London. Super 8 frames and black -white photography depict Graham, who tells the early embryonic days of Roxy Music. Joined by photographer Miranda Little, they produced this movie as a trailer for a characteristic documentary version of footage that filmed together from Simpson, the only known footage in their existence. Now in production - the extended version is due to come out in 2015 ....
116 ::: The Invincible Kung Fu Guy (1994) ::: short ::: A "Marshall Arts Master" begins a journey: a) B) B) B) B) B) Plage and C), especially, in particular, to retaliate to the deaths of his parents. Needless to say, the journey does not go smoothly.
117 ::: Bar-B-Que Movie (1988) ::: short ::: In this sophisticated fraud by the Texas Saw Massacre, a family face a group of cannibal abuse, played by the legendary Butthole Surfers. After drinking an illusory drink and eating part of his son, the father witnessed the group's live performance.
118 ::: Girls Night Out (1997) ::: short ::: A Friday evening, the owner of the Manhattan gallery, Jack (50), meets Claire and Victoria (both in the early 1920s) in a Soho street and invite them to his loft "to see his collages Max de l ' Ernst ". What follows is an unexpected and intimate exchange of secrets, dreams and regrets between foreigners.
119 ::: Yard Sale (2006) ::: short ::: The sale of the yard depends around twenty -four hours in a man's life. The day he finds exactly. And the day he finds out what a real friend and a real wife do together when the real husband (himself) is not around.
120 ::: Light Year (2014) ::: short ::: A commission for San Francisco Exploretory, it studies the water systems and architecture of the film-college San Francisco Waterfront, in abstract and formal contexts. Music score by Tashi Wada is performed by Cellists Charles Curtis and Judith Haman.
121 ::: Hell... On Earth (2006) ::: short ::: Jeff Collins, a successful DJ in Dallas, sincerely reveals his personal battle with drug addiction and alcohol. He tells his personal fall in hell and the fight to recover his life. Jeff celebrates sobriety and offers hope to others who face addiction disease.
122 ::: Neighbors (2005/II) ::: short ::: Now that his mother is no longer at home, Marc is forced to deal with the distance that has kept him far for years. He cannot believe that she is gone, her memory pursues him to remember and forget what he is really without her - in a city of millions alone.
123 ::: Final Statement (2015) ::: short ::: On October 26, 1997, Susan Yubanks shot dead his four boys and shot himself in the act of committing suicide. As a child, Susan killed his mother and subsequently saw the motherless and abusing. On that October, she believed that at the mental break, she and her children were safe in death than life. She got out of her suicide attempt and tried to execute her child. She was found guilty of her first-degree murder and the jury sentenced her to death. Before the judge was sentenced, Susan was allowed to make a final statement in court. Although she edited to reduce the length of the original advertisement, the film, the final statement of her. Somewhere between the narrative and re -implementing, the final statement tries to dramate her tragedy, leading to it and her appeal for social responsibility.
124 ::: [0-1] (2003) ::: short ::: This is short for a boy who lives in an apocalyptic world of monotony. He is the only one trying to overcome the limits of existence.
125 ::: From Paper to Play: How They Built Lumino City (2014) ::: short ::: Bafta Winning Game Lumino City Backstage. Lumino City was created in a separate mode. All you see on the screen is made using paper, cardboard and glue, which ends in a 10 -foot high model city building. Laser cutting has been used to create a neat detailed atmosphere and micro lights and motors are built to bring it to life. The award-winning architects, fine-artists, proprietary in the state of the state, and every discipline, and every discipline has brought something special to the design and implementation of the game.
126 ::: La nuit tous les chats sont gris (1990) ::: short ::: Charles is a night guard in a modern and luxurious condominium building watched by a multitude of video cameras. Park in front of the screens, he witnesses the real crossroads of the residents. But the usual comings and goings are suddenly disturbed by the irruption of an intruder, Mathieu, whom Charles manages to immobilize in an elevator. Will the long and difficult dialogue that will start between the two will succeed in getting Mathieu out of his solitude?
127 ::: Keep the Heart of a Child Author Reading (2016) ::: short ::: Author Lori R. Lopez takes you to the heart of the jungle because it reads a pair of opposite poems, a positive feelings and a dark menging theme your collection poetry reflection: Keep the heart of a child. The video was shot by his sons Rafael Lopez and Noel Lopez in Mount Laguna, California. Noel composed two separate -different pieces of music for the score, which to reflect the anti -attitude and atmosphere of Lori's poetry.
128 ::: Dead Residence (2007) ::: short ::: Upstate New York has become a wasteland affected with Zombie, placed in quarantine of the rest of the United States. Survivors of the Zombie -Best to bring themselves to safety outside the city of Albany, New York. Special Forces -units ordered by the Special Forces command of the US Army, are submitted to help every citizen trying to achieve safety. We follow Bradshaw, Jackson, Taylor and Red while trying to find a survivor who has sent weak signals for radio dress. They think it will be a different routine rescue mission. Only things get bad quickly. . . .
129 ::: The Witches of Salem: The Horror and the Hope (1972) ::: short ::: A real calm explanation of the 1692 witch hunting trial. The sensuality of the West Indian Islands. A hypnotic story of a slave in Barbados. Magic and the devil. A small number of young, protected girls experience seizures, hallucinations, unable to speak, screams of pain, and act as evidence that the entire community is being fascinated. Therefore, we will start a 1692 WTICH Hunting Trial.
130 ::: WAGs (2009) ::: short ::: Dina and Judith are the two new "wags" of the Berlin football club, i.e. They are the woman Resp. A girlfriend of two football professionals. On Saturday they watch their men play football, but apart from this, they have nothing to do. While Dina has lost herself in her abundance and fatigue over her long years she is living this "wag" life, Spring Chicken Judith finds her new life along with a footballer coming And the following is quite exciting. As Dina encounters her young "colleague" she sees herself in the naive girl. She decides to save Judith - and finally save herself.
131 ::: Os Cinco Sentidos (2010) ::: short ::: See, hearing, touch, smell and taste, the five sense. A meeting of feelings that trigger all kinds of emotions. Each of these senses, alone or together, has the ability to transport us to a specific location or moment when a memory or an forgotten experience. These senses are those that define the borders of the world in which we live.
132 ::: Universal Citizen (1987) ::: short ::: The global floor is the variety of restaurants that bring us good hotels and hot hotels, and Guatemala, and one square that appears at the beginning of the world; Between the film is a Jews in Libn who works in Guatemala and Guatemala and refuse pictures
133 ::: The Umbrella (The Points of Contact #1) (2001) ::: short ::: Umbrella is a test into the necessary security and you are. According to Carolina Andersson, in his voice, puts it to protect it by protection, think, language is all important for protection. Umbravela is asking these questions that 'contact.' It is a mystery of violence and prejudice (Think of North America, the "war" that is being made of the work. The picture of the Swedish woman and the Chinese Chinese and the launchers about the event in their lives as an independent introspection and the self-awake Mental memory and effects and actions. I believe that this reports that is evidenced in the world, and the terms of these systems are an extension of these is an extension. which personality is established in the way. The work is holding Carolina Andersson and Jackson, using the workers that follow the work will have to win, so In your personal position, other things ask about it about which it does / to think / present.
134 ::: Alle Kleuren Parody (2015) ::: short ::: Videos are played from the famous girl in the Bard "K3" in Belgium. The first singing "Allurten" live in peace peace should be easy to do, although sex. Despite the first fear, Jordy wrote some suggestions that and use something that is represented by girls and videos. This video was released as a "studio behind" K3 "Holding a new girl to continue" K3 "the group.
135 ::: The Lost Heiress (1909) ::: short ::: The rule takes the little girl for a walk. The little girl runs up to the hot-house while sitting on the edge of the water, where she sleeps. She gives her alarm as soon as the regime loses its little fare. Father and mother and servants start in a search. He can contact the color man who steals chickens in a sack. Thinking that his theft was found, he flee and chased by the audience and corners. He is given a good trowning when chickens are found. Fat colored woman is no better. Two tramps that have stolen the dog intersect like fate. When the search party has left everything, the gardener finds the little girl sleeping in the hothouse and takes her back to the hands of happy parents.
136 ::: Jurassic World: Chris & Colin Take on the World (2015) ::: short ::: Actor Chris Pratt and director Colin Trevorrow ask each other different questions, including about memories from the first film, Pratt's prior knowledge about the leading role in the film, creating Cinematic Suspense, big moments on the set, visual effects, an improvised kusscene and the films and the films and the films Movie Toon.
137 ::: Damian (2014/II) ::: short ::: Emilio is a private detective investigating the disappearance of children has come out since the beginning of 1968, including Damián, an 8-year-old boy who disappeared in the park left no trace. Emilio is willing to find the truth behind these events, even if they go beyond logic and light.
138 ::: Anecdote (2008) ::: short ::: After the load exam after, Kate knows that the law is not for her. By feeling a life plan, Kate cleaned the job home and found relief at the first one in the first. Only a tragic in black and white
139 ::: Life Is Too Short to Dance with Ugly Women (1996) ::: short ::: Benni č un ragazzo stratunato. As Vuol Dare Arie da Duro and La Sua Ragazza Lo obey a rapinare un supermercato, I reached La Polizia and Lei Fugge. As Ritrova a fuggire con una ragazza incient .... no troppo! And as a rhotverŕ a continuation of a Queello Che Vogliono Le Sue Donne! A young man is forced by his new girlfriend to try his intestines and steal a supermarket. Of course, everything goes wrong and he has to find a quick solution in order to avoid contact with future women, heavy armed, dressed in murder and very sexy. A young pregnant lady in the store comes out with an idea ...
140 ::: Itt és most (1989) ::: short ::: A short 18-minute black and white film (16 mm) shot in 1988 during the last years of the Communist era. Poverty was officially regarded as non -existent in a country suffering from an economic crisis and moving towards serious impoverishment. Of the ten million, three are living below the poverty limit. A growing number of homeless people, sharp retirees, brutally poor families in Budapest in November 88. The various painful stages of poverty. The film also contains Ms. Zsuzsa Ferge, a prominent poverty sociologist and expert and one of the founders of the then illegal organization Szeta (a civil movement for the help of the poor) Ms. Ottilia Solt also a sociologist.
141 ::: Schmeerguntz (1965) ::: short ::: "Schmurguntz" is a large group of Americans. The team society hides the animal society to have the film as "Schmearguntz" showed "everywhere Rouch Rouch. No club rouch in the land.
142 ::: Foreclosure (1982) ::: short ::: Mortgage execution, a 16 mm -co -produced 20 -minute film with the small town of Milan in the west center of the center of Minnesota as a political statement, tells the story of a 1982 family that loses its farm due to mortgage execution during the crisis during the crisis agricultural. Through the memories of a former farmer, we return to a 1930 auction auction, when the populists frustrated mortgage executions when making only cents and coins for each article that arose to offer. The banks were forced to accept the few profits and the people then returned everything to the family so that they could remain on earth.
143 ::: Cheaters (2011) ::: short ::: When a new man (Corey Sullivan) shows a local bar scene (Corey Sullivan), he is a challenge of a drunk (Kenny Farkon) and a beautiful woman's challenge (Christin hit - "" & "Dexter").
144 ::: Ein Filmen Experimentalen (2004) ::: short ::: A study by a little -known but important experimental film by two German directors in 1986. We finally caught up with the directors and were able to ask them to explain the mysteries behind their experimental film. Contains many clips from the milestone film and an opportunity for the enigmatic directors to speak for themselves.
145 ::: L'arbre dans la clémentine (2011) ::: short ::: Quentin, a young French student in Montreal, has a magic meeting with Aurora, a young Brazilian Bohemian musician. The one who feels trapped in studies she does not like is seduced and enchanted by her sense of freedom. Their brief romance will change it forever.
146 ::: The Business (2003) ::: short ::: Jake, the rising member of the murder of the mobility, joins two comrades from ancient warriors to drink in a local bar where they remember Jake's rise at work and the loss of their friend and teacher known as "fixed organic pollutants".
147 ::: Missed Connection (2006) ::: short ::: The roommates of Joe, Dan and Kyle, decide to help Joe find a young woman with whom he exchanged smiles at the Ralph supermarket in Burbank. They interview Joe, make leaflets, publish them on trees and ask passers -by if they know this girl. Joe is embarrassed by effort; If they find her, what will Joe will? Did Dan and Kyle find their call?
148 ::: Free Hugs (2011) ::: short ::: Free hugs pick up the moment of "lower rocks" after collapse, when friends lose their patience, and the Pitiless world moves without you. We follow the fun bitter bitter (Jacqueline Junnett) because it tries to find venting through a comfortable food (wine), and we publish its properties into two halves and attack a local monument with a special meaning. Ultimately, Billy must draw the harsh reality of sorrow before understanding that sometimes the purest forms of love is a free hug of a stranger.
149 ::: Adaption (2009) ::: short ::: The main character of the film is a 30-year-old woman who decides to her life. It is one of the many burned -up performers of the modern day, from which society is expecting more and more non -realistic results. The adaptation is carried out in the Finnish nature of the mind: the winter period of darkness. The locals include the dark sea, a sauna and a night forest. From time to time, our subconscious writes our dreams as cruel horror stories. The self -inflicted fear we encounter there is close to the core of the film adaptation. The powerful sense of panic creates a strong atmosphere of the film. The desire for death and the horror of death are beautiful in their scary. There is a strong presence of otherness, which is visualized as transitions from once and era to another. The displacement between reality and dream or fantasy can also be interpreted as a phenomenon between generations Deja Vů. On the other hand, it depicts the work of a suicidal mind; The sense of existence is shaken and the mind and personality are buried by the irrefutable otherness.
150 ::: The Death of Noir (2004) ::: short ::: Betrayal, refusal, murder and revenge - it seemed just like another Tuesday for a personal detective Jack Carter. But somewhere between the end of one case and the beginning of the other, Carter's past holds him. Now, taking his last breath on asphalt, Carter faced in his last case: his broken life. Carter re -seen the city of shadow to search through his memories, things have gone so wrong to find the reason. Gradually Carter finds the answers he is looking for, but in this city, those answers always come very late.
151 ::: Attrition (2006) ::: short ::: Exhaust, action or process of gradually reducing someone or something strong or effective through sustainable attacks or pressure. The wear is a different type of experimental documentary, probably one of the simplest forms, and thus lost in the mass media. It's a true meaning, a pure document, and a visual recording of life during the year. Without a speech, the viewer is left to really involve this human interest. The exhaustion is a movie that captures the time itself. The result of thousands of photos taken every day in 2005 was a journey of breathtaking high -speed frail and emotional journey.
152 ::: Stan Vanderbeek: The Computer Generation (1972) ::: short ::: Stan Vanderbeck, an experimental director of working with a friend and computer expert Wade Shaw, in the complex new (1972) computer at Mit Center for Advanced Visual Studies and discusses the inevitable interaction of computers with artistic creativity. Clips from several Vanderbek films.
153 ::: Particularly Now, in Spring (1996) ::: short ::: This is a picture of the dreams you have as a child. The seventeen -year -old boy reveals his life's philosophy of idealism, unity and friendship among his colleagues at the Sports Club. He believes that he will never leave the wonderful universe, which is actually his youth.
154 ::: Faith, Hope and Greenland (2009) ::: short ::: Faith, hope, and Greenland is a scene and poetic journey in the very hearts of Greenland. Natural, honest and non-cooperative, the four prominent cultural lights of Greenland advise viewers on the effects of colonization, its ancient, thoughtful culture and personal mind.
155 ::: The Drummer Boy (2017) ::: short ::: Inspired by a true story "The Battermer Boy" follows the life of Charlie Coulson a soldier in the revolutionary war that suffered a serious injury on his leg and found himself facing the terrible reality that he would have to lose that. However, as he was, his testimony of faith and hope changes the lives of everyone who witnesses his unparalleled courage.
156 ::: Rising Up (2008) ::: short ::: A hard member of a gang, Tee, must be reconciled with reality that his life will never be the same after being killed. Tee has trouble facing his paralysis. His constant failures to accomplish the most banal task to himself lead him to descend into a depression discouraging him to rehabilitate himself. Everything wants to do now, it's sleeping all day, but he can't even do it because his neighbor Miguel is waking up with the noisy salsa music he plays while he works on his car just at the 'Exterior of the Tee building. Her girlfriend Arelli tries everything she can to bring a certain normality back to Tee's life trying to get him out of her house, but all she gets is resistance from her. Tired of seeing her son self-destroying, Tee's mother confronts him and tells him to stop feeling sorry for himself or he will never improve. Tee feels that everyone treats him differently now that he is paralyzed and that the respect he ordered once when he entered a room will never be found. His insecurities are finally revealed when he gets angry with Arelli for flirting with Flirt in Miguel while dancing at the salsa he plays. After a face to face confrontation with Miguel concerning music and his daughter, Tee is again awake by music and bursts with anger to have enough. What he decides could potentially affect the path of recovery, he will take a dark, pity and violence, or a path with a perspective changed to life. Will Tee fall back in his violent ways or will he take the necessary measures to put his life?
157 ::: IBM Cryptography Research (2009) ::: short ::: For 2011, the world will be 10 times more implemented than in 2006. The devices connected to the Internet will jump from 500 million to 1 billion. Approximately 70% of the digital universe is created by individuals, but companies are responsible for 85% of security, privacy, reliability and compliance. More and more, the proliferation of data generation sensors and mobile computer devices, and the appearance of new forms of communication, such as social networks, are promoting unprecedented growth in the collection, storage and management of all types of data. It is not surprising that this phenomenon has caused a growing demand for the ability to extract intelligence from these massive intelligence of information that can allow organizations to improve their decision -making and administer their businesses more effectively and efficiently. With this ability to quickly examine the data and obtain new ideas comes a significant challenge and responsibility when it comes to personal information, or information that is related to identifiable people: how to enable the exchange and analysis of the data, while protecting Privacy. IBM has long recognized the importance of the privacy of information and directed with the example in its own privacy policies and practices: the company was the first multinational to adopt a global privacy policy at the end of the 1960s, and This leadership continued in 2005 when it was the first company to address genetic privacy. But policies and practices are not enough on their own to address the privacy challenges of an increasingly intelligent planet. The technologies designed carefully can play a key role here, part of a paradigm that some call privacy by design. As the world becomes more intelligent and interconnected, the ability to quickly examine the data to obtain new ideas brings significant challenge and responsibility when it comes to personal information. How do we enable the exchange and analysis of the data, while protecting privacy? IBM, which in the 1960s because the first multinational to adopt a global privacy policy and in 2005 was the first to address genetic privacy, has long recognized the importance of the privacy of information. Leading with the example in its own privacy policies and practices, IBM has also received many patents for inventions that support our commitment to privacy leadership. For example, an IBM researcher has solved a thorny mathematical problem that has confused scientists since the invention of public key encryption several decades ago. The advance, called "privacy homomorphism" or "totally homomorphic encrypted", makes possible the deep and unlimited analysis of encrypted information, data that have been intentionally scrambled, without sacrificing confidentiality. The IBM solution, formulated by IBM researcher Craig Gentry, uses a mathematical object called "ideal network", and allows people to interact completely with encrypted data so that it was previously considered impossible. With the progress, computer providers that store the confidential and electronic data of others can completely analyze the data on behalf of their customers without a expensive interaction with the client and without seeing any of the private data. With the technique of Gentry, the analysis of the encrypted information can produce the same detailed results as if the original data were completely visible to all. The use of the solution could help strengthen the "cloud computing" business model, where a computer provider is entrusted to accommodate the confidential data of others in an ubiquitous presence on the Internet. You can better allow a cloud computing provider to calculate customer data at your application, such as the analysis of sales patterns, without exposing the original data. Other potential applications include allowing spam filters, even in encryption email or protecting the information contained in electronic medical records. The advance could also one day allow computer users to recover information from a more confidential search engine
158 ::: Uso Justo (2005) ::: short ::: When an experimental filmmaker decided to portray a picture in the fictional town of Yuso Zusto, residents unknowingly become his strange tool. Miller's first article creation is not what you have ever seen before. Usso Zusto (approximately translated: 'Fair Use') is a complete rebuilding of a vague 1959 Mexican film. The experimental filmmaker pulls the strings on the residents of this fictional town, and this technology proves to be an existential, cheerful and stupid. At all times, citizens try to maintain the absurd tenderness and silly antics of the filmmaker. Their actions were in vain with all the fun.
159 ::: Home Away from Home (2017/I) ::: short ::: A taxi driver, a young girl and a backpack at the same time experience a wonderful trip to Tokyo, where they find links to their homes in Africa, Europe and Southeast Asia. Meanwhile, a writer in Paris remembers her meeting with Akiko in Tokyo.
160 ::: Deep Down (2002) ::: short ::: In this dark comic comic movie, her older girl and mother are arguing on a dress. Not just a dress, this is a paragin ball dress of the 1930s, and the two respective wishes of the two women are played for a comic through a bitter end.
161 ::: Lark Rhapsody (1997) ::: short ::: Blue moods, blue glaze and blue elderly citizens are confronted with this dream, placed in the color of candy placed in the fantasy world of a suburban donut shop. Tailed silently to the sounds of the mighty Vuralzer, this beautifully arrogant, gem gem deepens in the lives of two men and two elderly women and their pursuit of donuts as it is built until its horrifying conclusion.
162 ::: The Word of a Salesman (2006) ::: short ::: The middle-aged and recently divorced person will come to a door blade. He invites the seller to coffee and talk, hopes to stop his loneliness shortly. However, a long time ago, a knife opens the agenda of sin and starts their stories through surprises and views.
163 ::: End of Red October (2010) ::: short ::: At the end of the Cold War, the Russian Navy, lacking in funds, decommissioned 100 nuclear-powered submarines that left after a massive nuclear waste disposal problem. This program reviews the progress of the long-term project to properly discard the hearts of submarine reactors and the main challenges working on the project.
164 ::: The Sid Saga Part 3 (1989) ::: short ::: _ The Sid Saaga Part 2 (1987) _ (CUV) began to leave and ended up telling his life story for the present day. It is now 1945, and is discharged from the Sid Army Air Corp. San Diego has no intention of going back to work for consolidation, but after a business company has fallen to work in plastic, he decided to return to his old job, now in the field of aeronetic engineering. He also began to find out as a hobby and began to raise Chinchillalas as a side venture. It is very difficult to switch back to marriage life. After some suspicions, the sid with a witness in his hand, his wife stella was caught on the couch with another man, which allowed it to be filed for a divorce. Although a little gun was ashamed after two failed marriages, he decided that he could have charm for the third time, with the third wife 'Adelaide Lavents' (QV). By the end of the 1950s, he would be interested in film making and made TE -talented pictures of both educational documents and fictional stories, which won many awards. The most important are _Malty Sidosis (1970) _ (Cue). Filmmaking becomes a big part of his life, the arrival of engineering jobs and the start of the contract for big projects.
165 ::: Iron Bird (2006) ::: short ::: Iron bird we replace the wwii in a devastating missions of WWII, another dangerous mission, but for flying sigt. Jonathan Paul Harr (JP) this is personal gmail. As seven young people fight for survivors in my millenniants in my miller, their life will change forever. Runing by his thirst for revenge, JP will find the humble and forgiven before late?
166 ::: The Tempest (2008) ::: short ::: A practical dance video collaboration between video artist Tim Parish and Sound Artist/Performer Lulu Madil aka button touching. It is an interpretation of traditional rainfall, and a choreography inspired by the air element. Beijing and Darwin were mainly filmed on the most curved day in Melbourne using shots from 'The Tempest', when breaking the records breaking the records, breaking the records, and blown people from their bikes. Darwin Festival was the winner of the Best Soundtrack as part of the Darwin Festival 2008 at the Tempast the Fistful of Films Gala Awards.
167 ::: John og Mia (2002) ::: short ::: John, 52, lives alone after the death of a distant driver and his Wife. Daughter Mia, 21, departed. After a long distance drive, John is going home and calls at a local gas station. He bought a bag of frozen hash, and rented Pornomovi. He puts in the video when John gets home. To his worst fear and surprise, he sees his daughter Mia, who has not really spoken in many years, being a pornstar in this film. Johns Discovery is a clumsy attempt to restore his kind heartfelt but relationship with his daughter.
168 ::: Transaction (2005) ::: short ::: Based on transcripts from an interview with an actual call girl for more than 22 years, the "transaction" is frank and affects the depiction of Verite cinema in the interaction between a client and a call girl, which leaves the audience to determine their own feelings for this dynamic. The shooting style also provides a fine study of the point of view, shifting the energies/control and codification of sex.
169 ::: Handmade Portraits: USB Typewriter (2012) ::: short ::: 25-year-old engineer Jack Zilkin dumped the vintage printing, leaving trash, he could not allow such a wonderful car. After he briefly showed him in his mantle, he decided to use it, to use it, try to see if he was not hunted, he is a hacker space located in Philly. Their motto? "Make things perfectly by doing great things." With its technical and rescuer friends, USB applens, USB printing, modified machine, which is a modified machine that leaves the modified machine, which feels and works with modern computer. In his speech, his invention is "unjustified growth in the field of obsolescence." With this new gadget, Zylin collides with new technologies and has experience with the experience of genuine vintage, combined with new technologies and convenience.
170 ::: Ghost (2010/III) ::: short ::: A new life in an Asian omnibus horror genre, and being with me is composed of three eerie schoolyard stories by Korea's brightest director. (Korean with English subtitles)
171 ::: The Warsaw Ghetto Uprising: The Survivors' Stories (2010) ::: short ::: Warsaw Geto was founded in November 1940. More than 450,000 Jews lived there at one point. Hunger, diseases and killing reduced this number to 350,000 by July 1942. Then the deportations began in Treblinka. On Easter, April 19, 1943, the German army entered Gheto Warsaw to liquidate and deport the remaining Jews into Nazi death camps. Then the Jews revolted.
172 ::: Thank You Mr. President (2009) ::: short ::: anytime anywhere. At the Universal World Security meeting, seven heads of state and government, consulted on a violation against Resolution 4114. One of the Allied Republics ignores the disarmament matter. The atmosphere is tense, official faces. At this round table, the decision of war or peace will be taken. So far: Work as usual for the presidents present. But suddenly the speaker (head of state on the ground) flies from the handle. He threatens to bring one of the presidents there and then. All sudden masks are dropped at the conference table. Each one is at the same time the aggressor and a victim. "Doom's Day" is only the eyelid bats away. Nothing less than the miracle will save the world from the inevitable bloodshed.
173 ::: Aux 1 (2007) ::: short ::: The electronic image, looted by itself, reveals the matrix, and becomes its own surface texture, color and movement. The pinnacle of several days of experiments, 'Ox 1' sometimes hallucinations, at other times by feedback loop manipulation.
174 ::: Confession (2001) ::: short ::: "I want to make a confession. I used my camera as a weapon to manipulate a now unprotected person and she has wandered since then," says filmmakers Marina Petrovskaia in her pioneer documentary, the story. Petrovskaia travels to Germany with the clear intention of confronting her aunt and joining her to discover an uncertain episode in the history of their family. Shooting in black and white, with generous use of artist -set archive images and text, Petrovskaia challenges the conventional documentary techniques by manipulating interviews and including experimental creation to distribute the disturbing narrative offered by the aunt reluctant her. While chronicling her confession, the director questions her moral authority over her investigation and, after all, presents a probationary criticism of the ethics of creating non-fiction films.
175 ::: Carnaval dos Deuses (2010) ::: short ::: Jacob, Mairun and Joăo are all 6-year-old children. They make costumes for the school carnival party. Ana does not take part in the activity because she believes that carnival festivals are a sin. This situation leads to astonishment among friends who talk about their different religious backgrounds. They come to the conclusion that all gods are welcome at the carnival party.
176 ::: Qi Gong Basics (2011) ::: short ::: Tai Chi is an ancient Chinese art that increases flexibility and power. Qi Gong is a Chinese healthcare system that has been practiced for centuries to improve mental and physical awareness. He taught from Matthew Cohen, a martial artist with 30 years of experience, a second part of this program cultivates strength and calm in mind and body.
177 ::: Eat (1963) ::: short ::: This art experiment made by Andy Warhole captures the general activity of a person eating mushrooms. The One Man Show starring Robert Indiana has slowly eating a few mushrooms, not only food but also a friendly cat, and comes to see what man is doing from time to time.
178 ::: The Factory (2010) ::: short ::: The images of a surrealist factory bring us three factory workers; Christopher Gibbs perpetually hammering unidentified objects in a conveyor belt, Brandon Killion fascinated in his monotonous work of pulling a lever in time with a red light, and Elliott Geolat pushing coal in an infernal oven.
179 ::: Dan Bell Cutting/room/floor Ep. #15: Vagrant Incident at the Abandoned Bowling Alley (2016) ::: short ::: Dan Bell reviews his tournament for 2015 in an abandoned Bowling alley in Ohio. The comment that Dan adds not only to the extra backdrop of the scary, abandoned Ohio Bowling Alley, has some excellent extra stories that add to the boredom of the building and the film itself.
180 ::: O Balé da Chuva (2014) ::: short ::: Lala (Ariane Gomes) has trouble sleeping for a thunderstorm night. In a fun and loving way, her mother Eugenia (Leticia Sabatella) teaches her how not to fear nature, while speaking of the deceased father of Lala for the first time (Andrew Knoll).
181 ::: Run Jump Paddle (2016) ::: short ::: Three remarkable voices. Three relentless environments. Run Jump Paddle explores the challenges that extreme athletes meet in their unlikely spheres. In this documentary, an athlete dives through the atmosphere, another rowing of the freezing waves of Lake Huron in February and a third runway from Florida to Michigan, struggling with a more uninhabited challenge than the distance.
182 ::: Parts (2008) ::: short ::: Herb, butcher, wears spoiled remains at home just to finish the edges. Herb's wife wants a baby. In his endless battle for progress, Herb, an intrusive gambler, he hits the battles of the dogs, but forever stands on the wrong side of the betting. With the shocking debt of the mafia and a wife who insists on a family, Herb receives more bad news. A child, probably his own, will soon arrive on his threshold. With another mouth to eat, the herb puts more bets and takes on more losses. Collectors arrive to call the note, and Herb is underway over his head. When pressed, it becomes clear that the most precious thing in his life is the anonymous boy. A boy who is worth more for his or her organs than he is alive. A boy that no one will miss. With the exception of Herb's wife.
183 ::: Regard (2005) ::: short ::: Respond to a 'homeland' and 'security' threatened, in urban centers, 'consider' plays with visual impressions of consciousness, knowledge and surveillance, in the mechanized urban environment. The film meets the inherent danger to the forms of transit that weave winding roads through the city. A well -intentioned vulnerability arises, in the irony of the 'anti -cicide networks' that protect a viaduct. A mood each multi -exhibitions and 'double formatting of 8' / 16 mm, allows small frames to fade inside and outside, leaving the 16 mm frame between the bottom and foreground. A couple of eyes conveys ambivalent feelings of responsibility or oppression. Urban sounds merged with Beethoven's anguish.
184 ::: Création du diabolo (1908) ::: short ::: It seems that the game has taken a country by the storm, and every child is very very popular with the highest level. In the first pic we see the devils to put the game and the source of slicing and spraying and spraying groups. There are a change of change of change, and we see that a number of players dance and all the game skill plays. They disappeared and see the numerous girls display and disappear and all dancing and all dancing and smoke and white. We followed by the royal and the region's royal family and the king and street sitting on them. Eventually, the old king is interested in it and the queen is fully enrolled, and will soon be drops in poems and engaged in poems. The last scene is showing the skies and the picture represents the sunshine, and he's going to the moon, in the conclusion to the land and with the passage of the soul to the remaining four planets .
185 ::: Lenny C Rocks the Mic (2016) ::: short ::: Lenny C Rocks The microphone is a documentary that is equipped with the 76-year-old Denver-poet, the Räbelouser and the tireless humanitarian Lenny Chernila. Lenny, who is proud of his activist and socialist inheritance, proud of his activist and socialist inheritance, the open-MIC scene in Denver on topics that range from politics to women to the right to arch-enemy, "Kill Culture" . He could also be beautifully poetic about love, art and the merits "just be nice". His exciting and brand new appearances in countless open microphones, rallies and concerts inspired an enormous followers of artists and poets of all ages, which made him a often cited local legend. Lenny died a week before the premiere demonstration of this film and left an emptiness in the Denver poetry scene, but an extraordinary voice that inspired countless young poets and artists.
186 ::: Were We Lucky? (2015) ::: short ::: In the 5th year, two nuclear packaging was detained in the air for two nuclear blogger, which beat 39 atomic package, which was broken at home. Two 3-4 megan nuclear bombs from the netting plane when it has been caused by the armor, such as a qualified manner and, charging a parachique of the qualification. The bomb found in finding the parashith, and the urgent part was taken in the tree as a result of her parachute. Responsible for Bomb settlement, responsible for disarming the device, the arm / safe switch still in a safe position, although completed the rest of the green situation. Pentagon has been alleged at this time that no chance has been changed and two armed mechanisms were not activated. په 2013 کې, معلومات د معلوماتو د قانون د آزادي د آزادي د د قداخي د د د قداخي د د د د د د د د د د د د د د د د د.
187 ::: The Word of a Salesman (2006) ::: short ::: A middle -aged and recently divorced man is visited by a door -to -door knife dealer. He invites the seller for coffee and conversation, hoping to summarize his loneliness. However, the seller of the knife has long revealed a malicious program and guides his conversation through dark wonders and revelations.
188 ::: Tampa Jai Alai (2007) ::: short ::: Based on a true story, Tampa Jai ​​Alai investigated Jai Alai's collapse in America from his golden age in the late eighth decade. The film is Xavier Ariaga, a basket player who is the ruler champion, as he tries to win Jai Alai's Triple Crown. Their plans derail when Mickey Carson, first the great American Jai Alai players join the roster and all meditation and praise focus on it. Xavier led a nationwide strike to oppose Mickey and the management plans for his success to convert Jai Alai into the next great American game. In the 1982 triple crown tournament, tension eventually falls on one head when Mickey and Xavier competed against each other.
189 ::: Radar Contact (2007) ::: short ::: This film displays the process, capabilities and restrictions on the radar. By understanding the radar, the pilot can use its valuable assistance more effectively. The reason for the fact that the respondents in the modern air traffic control system are necessary for aviation safety. This recording of national archives may contain quality differences based on the restrictions of the original source.
190 ::: Manji (2001) ::: short ::: Car hiring and repairing the Manji car fails, and when his son gets Raj, things get worse. Instead of going home, Manji sleeps in the place. He, along with his wife, Ramby, who built the business with him, withdrew to the Bollywood dance world and a happier time. On a dark night of the soul, Manji comes with Rembai's death. He was killed in a car accident that he had survived. Manji crushes the garage that keeps it very dear because it contains a lot of memories.
191 ::: The Dubya (2005) ::: short ::: Terrorist alert level. racial profiling. Patriot Act. Since 9/11, the United States federal government has been very active in protecting the US from additional terrorist attacks. But how can the average citizen fight a good fight? Thankfully, Homeland Security has developed a new equipment to participate in war on all American terror.
192 ::: Futonmaker (2005) ::: short ::: Does God have a master plan? If so, can it include futons? For Melchenzidek Todd, the answer is yes. Since he started doing futons, he has found inner peace. But over time, Mel has to constantly re -evaluate his ideas of God's plan for him.
193 ::: Il ruscello di Ripasottile (1941) ::: short ::: Trout -eggs hatch, all the creatures of the stream are happy, and the news spread from the fish to the birds to the turtles, the ducks, the rabbits, etc. But the malignant pike also listens and floats towards the newborns. Alarm spreads and all creatures are combined.
194 ::: Magnetic Players (2017) ::: short ::: When he rises Josh is invited to celebrate a special evening with the group of his creative girlfriend's close friend, things take a sudden turn. The very discovery, vulnerability and crucifixion between love and art are explored as we get to know everyone a little better. Or do we?
195 ::: Honeylicious (2014) ::: short ::: The story happens in the inner city after sunset. The streets are filled with criminals while Anthony is expecting a phone call. He is stuck without any money and hatches some pretty stupid ideas on how to get home. Enter our character, Honeylicious. He is difficult, he is smart, he is at the next level and is ready to do his best to help his new friend, but his motives are anything but clear. Through their attempt to connect, they begin a friendship that will immediately be tested, as both their lives turn up with their heads down.
196 ::: Shlemiel (2013) ::: short ::: Thack always helps him to help his duties as a postal guy and beyond. Unfortunately, he always mistakes in his assumptions and confuses everyone's life. He decides that he thinks that the boss is sweetheart, he is sweet to Thedd, he decides to tell Linda reality. About it, he is certainly wrong.
197 ::: Attrition (2006) ::: short ::: Action or procedure to gradually reduce the strength or effectiveness of someone or something through continuous attacks or pressure. Atrition is a different type of experimental documentary, perhaps one of the simplest forms and therefore one that is lost in the eyes of a large -scale media. It is a film that is in the true sense, a pure document, a visual recording of one life during a period of one year. Without any speech, the viewer is actually left to engage with this human interest. Atrition is a film that captures time itself. A collection of thousands of photographs taken every day in 2005, the result is a breathtaking, high -speed trip, which is fraud and emotion.
198 ::: Look (2001) ::: short ::: Wendy works in a small 1 hour picture, in which the shop develops. She remains open an evening late and says goodbye to her friend Trish who works at the next door. When he is at an hour away from closing, he gets a call from Mr. Stanley to say that he will pick up his photos in an hour. She determines about developing the blurred images of bound legs and hands etc. His fear increases even more when the pictures begin to be at him, his house, his work etc. When the phone rings again, Stanley is coming for her photos and will not be stopped.
199 ::: Kermis - Ode aan de ongedwongenheid van het bestaan (2009) ::: short ::: A poetic film about the funfair, which concentrates on human conditions: the enchantment of the children. The youth facility, full of expectations. Smiling to fly. Devotion to the moment. Felicity ... but also melancholy and vulnerability. Funfair as a life metaphor itself.
200 ::: Marbles (2011/II) ::: short ::: Since a car accident, something wrong with Stenen Connie's wife. Steven attempts to help his wife and protect their son Masasas. The family seeks scholars of psychologists, but the doctor may not be a good thing. Steven can save his family before throwing "'Marbles'?
201 ::: The Hollies (2015) ::: short ::: Hollies is a quick-mature neo-black. Stacy Steinberg is a recent 21 -year -old university graduate which is delighted with his new life for adults in the "real world". His best friend Bridgette Barrington, on the other hand, cares about these adult responsibilities. She wants to remain young and wild, just like her favorite celebrities. Tired of staying on Friday evening, Bridgette convinces Stacy to go out with her and celebrate the new chapter of their lives. Their night takes a dark turn after meeting their famous celebrity icon, the famous Kennedy Klein. Everything they thought about the world, themselves and each other are changing by the end of the night.
202 ::: Fluchtpunkte (2007) ::: short ::: How should Alice tell the woman that she loves that she is pregnant after a migration? And how will the grain react? 24 -year -old Alice cannot tell her girlfriend and retreat in her shell rapidly. For the first time in his life, he has to take a serious decision and not to talk to anyone. In the end Ellis has the strength to take responsibility for her life and talk to Dana. "Vanishing Points" is a film about age arrival, a loving relationship between two women and decisions that can change our entire life.
203 ::: New Tools: Teaching with Technology (2000) ::: short ::: This 20-part chain of educational videos is designed to provide teachers with equipment and information required to integrate technology in the classroom. Manufactured by Artemis Communications in combination with Seattle Public Schools. Distributed by pyramid media.
204 ::: Khan (2009) ::: short ::: Having caught his wife who had an affair with the police who had been evading for years, a mob boss duped to face the ultimate decision: let his wife cheat You want to get out for long years or finish her life and finally receive its beginning. Is it true what they say? Once you are inside, you are never out ...
205 ::: Straighten Up America (2003) ::: short ::: Revealed this documentation dedicated to the Private Procedure "Direct Process" Strengthened Procedure "Strengthened Procedure" Strengthened the Live In Norway. This muckick short film Kamreville Jacquinson and his herds are developed. Nightmones are dedicated to the principles of "against" against "against the same way. This film is already banned in Norway.
206 ::: The Company You Keep: Behind-the-Scenes - The Script, Preparation and the Cast (2013) ::: short ::: This draws attention to the special performance, its process and interact with the own process and mixed with different actors. The tone of honor allows you to understand the order of topics and stories, creative efforts.
207 ::: Every Man's Pryce (2015) ::: short ::: Gifted Pocket Die's that Christopher Pryce's life has changed forever when he finds a Bible in the pocket of one of the people he tried to rob. The pryce of every man is a unique history of redemption and transformation, which is left with a new perspective.
208 ::: Der Hahn ist tot (1988) ::: short ::: Director Zoltan Spirandelli is the only cast of this experimental short film. He tries to animate the public to sing the song 'der Hahn ist Tot', then leads the song. Due to the ingenious timing of his game, we have the impression of a live performance.
209 ::: Abraham's Tent (2012) ::: short ::: The Israeli youth group with Muslims, Jews and Christians spend two weeks with a multi -confident group of young Canadians. By sharing their beliefs, stories and struggles through the game and prayer, they come to praise the beauty and meaning of beliefs and cultures of each other. In a world with religious conflict, this exciting little documentary shows how simple people are living in peace.
210 ::: American Football (2012) ::: short ::: Zack, 24, is a fresh cat with riding tattoos right up to his neck. As a proof of his commitment to the band who has just hired him as a leading singer, he must have his tattoo logo on his body. But his tattoo and mentor refuses to do so on credit. He will have to find money somewhere.
211 ::: Muzikanti (1954) ::: short ::: A native teacher and his wife guards the coming of his young partner. The teacher is worried if it looks like it's no patriotic way, and he is the German. The front of the evening and the young man went into the room. The teacher finds out of his first few words that he is loyal. And it's okay, should make sure it's a good music. The teacher is playing a few players but choose Violin. The old teacher is hesitant to put him in useful equipment. He himself, himself, playing piano. He turned that young man who was very awesome and thus made his adult companion to be happy to receive him at school.
212 ::: For Land's Sake (1950) ::: short ::: This short film promotes good animal manure management to maintain and improve the quality of the soil on the farm. The application of animal manure is the most natural, practical and economical way to enrich the soil and increase plant growth: it improves poor soils and makes good soils better. Appropriate storage and application techniques are demonstrated with international handling equipment of the combine harvester and Farmall tractors.
213 ::: The Hook-Armed Man (2000) ::: short ::: Lou is the hook-arming man, the bloody stalker of the urban legend. Night after night he terrorizes teenage lovers in the forest. But he is tired the murders and mutin. He goes to a track adviser and wants to redeem himself in a new calling - as long as he can prevent him from falling back in bad habits.
214 ::: Missend Element (2011) ::: short ::: Gaia feels alone and is looking for the right element with her to her to be like her. Is his missing element? Who is his superhero? Magic occurs when Gaia finally decides that she needs all four. She again calls the quote from Floortje who launches her fate ... A new superhero was born.
215 ::: Richmond Cultural Centre (2014) ::: short ::: The focus of the video is to clarify the character and soul of the Richmond Cultural Center: Community Meeting Center and Crazy Meetings Center, video has a clear line of stories. It shows how the man's life has been changed by the recharmand cultural center. Facilities and activities in cultural center will be submitted brightly and an artistically in and outside the character's trip. The message of the character of the character is told to people that the Richmond Cultural Center is a place where people's mind and life is rich.
216 ::: Halle II (1997) ::: short ::: The unique reithoffe factories are proved to be a huge construction complex, an industrial monument, four empty floors - an object in itself. A "single frame visit" and the photographs of the individual floors are woven in another by multiple exposure, so that the individual parts of the building - interior and exterior spaces - can be experienced simultaneously and that a more complex point of view is Created which cancels normal perspective rules.
217 ::: Requiem für etwas, das sehr klein ist (1997) ::: short ::: The bourgeois couple is caught in the sarcasm of Esther and Michael, provocation and sexuality. Esther was already on the edge of madness when a young artist arrived. Mental horror-play with cultural-political courage and musical interruptions is very small.
218 ::: End of Red October (2010) ::: short ::: At the end of the Cold War, the Russian navy, devoid of money, which was suddenly stopped 100 nuclear energy submarines left behind a huge problem in getting rid of nuclear waste. This program reviews the progress of the long -term project to properly get rid of the nuclei of the submarine reactor and the main challenges they deal with in the project.
219 ::: The Best of Ernie and Bert (1988) ::: short ::: Guinea and Great Birds are the young cousin of Arseni's young cousin, the picks of the time that has photos of the time that spends pictures of his friend bert. Every picture comes to life, and we resume the harassment of Nanney and Burt (and often Hermar) trips.
220 ::: The Kitchen (2003) ::: short ::: The kitchen is a space in a family house, where everything should go daily. Morning mode provides regular backgrounds in a stable mode that occurs with current conflicts and dynamics of the family. These tensions are often not open, but also through body language, facing eye contact and movements. In the environment that people intuitive they know each other intuitive we are instinctively responsible for one another state.
221 ::: Bolin Creek Unpaved: Saving Carrboro's Last Forest (2017) ::: short ::: Bolin Creek explores the variety and beauty of carboro, Carrboro's last broken forest and its storage revolution. This is a story about our city, but this is also a story about the development, as well as how we can add to nature, how to connect to the quality of nature and how to connect to life and how to add more lining.
222 ::: Sleeping River (2009) ::: short ::: Organize a breathtaking, injured character, editing psychological methods, creating an unforgettable return for Tim. The Sleeping River, set in the northeast grassland of Coloradado, makes the most of the scenery of the abandoned and abandoned places. There, it is scratched from the heel for those who have never left the wind, the sun, and the sand.
223 ::: May I Please Speak to Vartan (2006) ::: short ::: A story about debt, fear and phone won't stop ringing. When the filmmaker Alex Jablonsky got a new home phone number, he immediately started making 30 phone calls a day-all a man named Parvatan. The film describes the attempt to understand and find the person he is connected to Jablonki.
224 ::: H, the Story of Hazel F Williams (2015) ::: short ::: A film based on the life and memories of Trans Women Hazel F Williams and her search for acceptance with the family, loved ones and the mother of her daughter. While we look at fragmented parts of its history, growing in northern London, we see important places and learn from key events that have made Hazel, who is today.
225 ::: Amin (2007) ::: short ::: Algerians are driving with a young son through Paris. He has been stopped by the police because his headlamps are broken. Police start putting him in a bag and get nervous until the explosion comes from an unexpected corner. Amin is a delicate drama about fraud and power, not only between authorities and individuals, but also between father and son.
226 ::: The French Double (2005) ::: short ::: Gabrielle is a young French resistance fighter in occupied France. When he learns that his sister has been killed by the Gestapo, he is determined to discover who is responsible. Torn between wanting to kill the traitor and the following orders, Gabrielle soon finds out that anyone, his fellow fighters, his priest, cannot even trust.
227 ::: Dead Residence (2007) ::: short ::: Upstate New York has become an infested zombie desert, after being quarantined by the rest of the United States. Zombie plague survivors are struggling to go safe outside the city of Albany, New York. The special forces units, commanded by the US army's special forces command, are sent to help any civilian trying to achieve security. We follow Bradshaw, Jackson, Taylor and Red while they are trying to find a survivor who sent low radio distress signals. They think it will be another routine rescue mission. Only things are getting bad, quickly. . . .
228 ::: Come to (1998) ::: short ::: A series of stills trace women's life. A series of scenes trace its stay in the hospital. An upright camera takes its perspective. In a coma, she is dying, disappearing and leaving the conscience as her family inept and shaking or drunk and friends concerned enter and visit, ending with the visit of her abusive boyfriend.
229 ::: Birth of the Sun (2009) ::: short ::: "A study of the sun" is a short book for the Greekey Alexis, the virgin, striving to develop a special vision, and dying a police officer. In the correct picture that made in the bone and the gradual invitation, the story is declared with skills and fears that know it affects it. This movie is also organized of the entertainment of a signature of a woman, calling the "Birth", called El Toso Latino, since he died.
230 ::: L'hor vert (1993) ::: short ::: A boring and oppressive adult survival from the world, a child steals his father's sports car to leave the city and runs away in rural areas, directly on the road. At the end of the road trip, when he reached his last destination, another adventure, another world waiting for him.
231 ::: Baby Boy (2004) ::: short ::: Our hero, a young man is caught between two worlds: a world of dreams where he lives a pleasant, tidy existence with a beautiful girlfriend and a dark night world, in which he approaches only from the images of his TV. The connection between these two worlds is his attempts to achieve love or emotion through technology. As we follow it on both sides, all this ends in a fearsome twist that shocks our main character and provokes his composure.
232 ::: Mwabudu Mungu kwa Roho na Ukweli - Tokeo Lililofikiwa kwa Kumjua Mungu (2017) ::: short ::: The result that is achieved one day by knowing God, you will no longer feel the Creator a mystery, he has never been hidden, never covered his face of you; He is not far from you at all; He is no longer the one you long for day and night, but cannot reach your feelings. It is really on your side, delivers your life and checks your destiny. He is not on the distant horizon, nor is he hidden in the clouds. It is straight on your side and rules everything. He's everything and you only. A God as such lets you worship, admire him, cling to Him, keep him closed, for whom you are afraid of losing, no longer wants to turn your back and not obey, or avoids and distance; You just want to take care of him, obey him, pay back everything he gives you, your subjects to his rule. You no longer refuse his guidance, delivery, care and protection; You no longer resist his sovereignty and arrangement. You just want to follow him, be with him; You just want to accept him as your only life, such as your only Lord and God. From preface to continuation of the word appears in the flesh.
233 ::: Volume I (2008) ::: short ::: An animation film, based on a wide collection of commercial stock photos. A selection of 12,000 kingdom images are regulated by form and content criteria and are collected in a single frame animation. The frames exchange at such a speed that the individual image can hardly be caught by the eye. A comprehensive selection of the image, which covers the most popular motifs in advertising refers to the character of the work as an encyclopedia. The sequential sequence by shape and color generates a more or less fluent effect and makes it possible to perceive the subjects vague.
234 ::: Trapez 2 (2010) ::: short ::: Trapez is an observation of a growing building movie. The reality of structure and decomposition is distorted by the drawn elements and accelerates by rhythmic lightness. Using Time-Laps Photograph, work, demolition, and construction documentaries are a tribute to the absurdity of the city.
235 ::: Coat Pockets (2005) ::: short ::: Kenny, who is tired of a simple crime life, decided to go directly. He has met a friend and teacher for a long time, Sarah, to say goodbye. After some persuasion, Sarah Kenny persuades to help in a final job before she divides the roads. By pushing him from the possibility of getting a large degree, and helping the only person who is interested in him at all, Kenny set out to pick up another before leaving everything behind.
236 ::: Modern Craft (2016) ::: short ::: The lack of knowledge has linked Vika directly to the witchcraft of the old school, and Hollywood has painted the magicians as a terrible, but our film shows nothing but the truth behind Vika's religion and their peaceful ways. Our film shares their experiences through our specialized interviews about Waken, a beginner Vikan as well as a Wicca researcher and informs our audience of how religion works.
237 ::: Miss Sherlock Holmes (1908) ::: short ::: Jack Rose and Jim Dalton are both employed in the office of the same broker, are both in love with the daughter of the boss Nell. Nell is in favor of Jack. Learning that Dalton plans disaster, Nell disguises as a boy and is employed in the same office. Long story short, Dalton speculates losses and tries to frame Jack. The detective work of Nell's Sherlock Holmes saves the day, Jack is acquitted and Nell's father agrees that she can marry Jack. Florence Turner, as Nell.
238 ::: Famozniyat kilim (1933) ::: short ::: In her crystal ball, the fortune-teller sees that the most beautiful princess sleeps under a spell in a remote castle. Prince Ahmed with the help of a magic carpet sets out in the search of the Princess. The carpet leaves and carries it to the castle. He gives a kiss to the Princess and she wakes up. Both fly on the magic mat ... They have their happiness to ... the "Ohanes--omayan" carpet factory in Panagyurishte, Bulgaria.
239 ::: Cooking: Terms and What They Mean (1949) ::: short ::: Margi Blake, a young bride, just from her honeymoon, wants to impress her husband Tim by bakeing a delicious chocolate cake for her lunch. But it accepts the direction of the recipe to "cream" butter means to add milk cream to the recipe that ruins the cake. This educational short film explains the importance of the term for cooking cream, along with other unusual terms such as "Fold", "Soft Ball Stage", "Anhad", "Braise", "Dredge", "Marina", "SCALLOP" "White Sauce", "Scald" and "Test for a spoon test". Margi learns that all good cookbooks have a dictionary at the back, determining the cooking conditions for the new chef. In the meantime, she has time to bake another cake for her husband.
240 ::: Sochi Pride (2016) ::: short ::: The 2014 Sochi Olympic Games will be remembered for many things. Corruption. Exaggerated budgets. Poor infrastructure. And Putin's pride. It will also be remembered for months of international protest after Russia's contentious decision to prohibit homosexual rights. Promoted by his passion for the Olympic Games, Vancouver journalist Jordan Wade travels to Sochi to witness first hand the most controversial games of our generation. Through interactions with athletes, academics, activists and Russian citizens, this film explores the evolution of the movement of homosexual rights, the role of the IOC as a global facilitator and the interaction of the Olympic Games and human rights. A dark moment in history, but perhaps a turning point for the Olympic movement.
241 ::: Hunted (2017/III) ::: short ::: Asty, Pedro, a fugitive who is a tyrannical government for its existence, is a runaway escaping from the death sentence from Imperium. Esti has passed Westland's waste in search of a Recoacive Hermit Bose to register their services as a guide from the regions controlled by Impium. Bose refuses to act as his guide, but gives her a place to rest and whatever assistance she provides. Their unhealthy connection is tested the next morning when the Legion Hunting Party, led by Centurion Marks, Oven Martin, is searching for the Party. Esti must then convince Bose to avoid ligenaries.
242 ::: Planting Daisy (2016) ::: short ::: Dena, an abused woman, finds that her husband uses plants from their yard to subdue women for evil deeds and decides to give him a taste of his medicine. With the help of her best friend Briona, the two plant the rehearsals along with her husband, the last mortality of the mortar.
243 ::: My Change Adds Up (2009) ::: short ::: My change fresh fresh days, daily changes make him former since the crisis. Even through loss of jobs, houses, and the east, may not always be clear, but the change comes still. Our change is always added within and becomes counted all of us to be separated from it. Through adding the coin, it shows patience, hope and fighting, to improve progress towards progress in our country.
244 ::: Wig Shop (2016) ::: short ::: Chaya goes to Tipi's Wig Shop with the intention of finding a woman who is having a relationship with her husband and meets the owner of the shop, who tries to get Chaya to try to try a new wig , At the same time other people who roam. And out of the store.
245 ::: Lost & Found (2016/I) ::: short ::: Lost & Found, a short documentary, follows intimately three older women as they cope with the loss of their lives and try to find a new meaning in their lives. Anna Torpy, 90, begins to go for the first time in 50 years; Peggy Padilla, 84 years old and a recent widow, finds comfort through dance therapy; And 91-year-old Trudy Sivick finds a lasting company in her older home. Woven along with deep interviews, observation scenes, and photos of the archive family, Lost & Found offers a deep photo of an older widow, exploring the delicate question of what happens after losing that person That I thought you could never live without it.
246 ::: Rising Up (2008) ::: short ::: A tough gang member, tee, must come to terms with the reality that his life will never be the same again after he has been shot. Tee is struggling to cope with his paralysis. His constant failures to complete the most everyday task in itself causing that he descends into a depression that discourages him from rehabilitating. All that now wants to do is sleep all day, but he can't even do that because his neighbor Miguel wakes him up with the loud salsa music that he plays while working on his car just outside the Tee apartment building. His girlfriend Arecelli tries everything she can to bring some normality back to the life of Tee by trying to get him out of his house, but everything she gets is resistance from him. Tired the way to see her son destroy herself, Tee's mother confronts him and tells him that he should no longer feel sorry for himself or he will never get better. Tee believes that everyone treats him differently now that he is paralyzed and the respect he once ordered when he entered a room will never be regained. His uncertainties are finally revealed when he gets angry with Arecelli because he waves flirty to Miguel while he dances on the salsa he plays. After a face -to -face confrontation with Miguel about the music and his girl, Tee is re -awakened by the music and bursts out with anger finally enough. What he then concludes can possibly have an influence on which way to recovery he will take one that is dark, full of himself pity and violence, or a path with a changed perspective on life. Will Tee fall back in his violent ways or will he take the steps needed to get his life back together?
247 ::: Solotalent (1996) ::: short ::: Bomzelt is a young man who is low on money and even low in perspective. One day he wants to buy a used wash-humors. On reaching the given address, both the sellers are dead and the policemen are everywhere. Bomzelt is fascinated by a raven in a cage. He forgets about wash-humors and takes Reven with him. Bomzelt does not know that this is a very special revenue.
248 ::: Old Sodbury (2013) ::: short ::: Three outcasts from the picturesque village of Old Sodbury set out on an epic adventure to save the beautiful Amelia (Julia Aks) from the neighboring, merciless bogules. Together, Aldus (Justin Elias), a squire boy and the laughing of Old Sodbury, Hazel (Sam Gurnick), an intensive weapon, the lesbians and Beazley (Emilio Rossal), a drinking master who did not master his potions must, Must overcome your defects and save your beloved Amelia.
249 ::: Bug (2016) ::: short ::: The film tells that the programmer is called "Shu" faced a difficult problem when broken the program and was confused and moved to another programmer called "Big Monkey" to help. "Big Monkey" told SECRETE to "SHU" that the whole world was deeply engraved in a plot. "Show" cannot believe in this fact; However, he discovered that he participated in this plot involuntarily when he left the program "Big Monkey" ...
250 ::: The French Double (2005) ::: short ::: Gabrielle is a young French resistance hunter in occupied France. When she discovers that her sister was killed by the Gestapo, she is determined to find out who is responsible. Gabrielle tears out the traitor himself and wanting to kill the following orders, soon learns that no one, her colleague hunters, her priest, even herself, cannot be trusted.
251 ::: I'm Nostalgic (2007) ::: short ::: Sara and Michael's image from two strangers who know nothing about each other and two strangers and one another. This short film is a pleasant and heartbreaking at once and tries to show the ambiguity, joy and heart rate of youthful love.
252 ::: Keep It for Yourself (1991) ::: short ::: Sophie arrives New York from France with the intention of joining a man who met a few months earlier. She finds herself on her own in the guy's apartment, who left the city because he was scared hard with the idea of ​​seeing it.
253 ::: Sargasso (2017) ::: short ::: Freelance writer Minami found that his little brother disappeared only with a backward Nigu message. After some investigation, she sees that she has seen a huge structure in her OWN Ri and begins to question mysterious events. Minami will soon face unexpected truth.
254 ::: America Marching On (1937) ::: short ::: Luel Thomas provides an editorial article on the screen on the American progress. He asks if there is a pattern. It brings us 100 years to a mill. Miller and his assistant neighbors persuade investing in the expansion of the mill: they sell stocks. The re -investment leads to more expansion. Miller, assistant, and investors are thrived, as local farmers do. The machines improve, work becomes easier, shorter hours, and larger profits. The car arrives in the car, then depression in 1907. But it maintains the progress model: make better goods at lower prices. We see it in cars, on radio devices, and in travel. Thomas sees higher standards for living in the store for everyone.
255 ::: Cold One Night (2016) ::: short ::: دوه ماشومان د یوې کوټې د نوي برونسټایک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک په اوږدو کې د کور په ګرځښت کولو پرمهال د مړي په اوږدو کې راځي. When asked to stay in the event of the event until the officer comes to come, the kids feel that they know about the body location. دوه ماشومان د یوې کوټې د نوي برونسټایک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک ټرنک په اوږدو کې د کور په ګرځښت کولو پرمهال د مړي په اوږدو کې راځي. When asked to stay in the event of the event until the officer comes to come, the kids feel that they know about the body location.
256 ::: Upwards March (2008) ::: short ::: A seven -year -old girl is lost in a magical urban world in which adults look like giants, a masked magician causes things to disappear, and a group of brilliantly illuminated musicians moving around the city in a converted Volkswagen Bum, ensuring their only sense of hope.
257 ::: Falling Objects (2006) ::: short ::: Although it is primarily explored isobel's relationship with his boyfriend Peter, "Falling Objects" to change the nature of all relationships, shown by the best friend of Isobel, Eerie Isobel is CURAT (Roe Ethridge Photos) , The Vastness and The Vastness, and the absurdity of the view of Isobel, removed him from the relationship he died.
258 ::: Toms Welt (1999) ::: short ::: Tom watching a losing movie, but with his heart and feelings ...
259 ::: Down & Dirty (2017) ::: short ::: Down and Dirty follows the three -piece music band, New Hyander while traveling and performing around New Orleans, shedding light on the street performance and lining of the culture of the rich and historic city. From the Street Corner policy to the lives of a live concert, Down and Dirty captures the spirit of New Orleans' street performance through the eyes of a group that risks everything about their musical dreams. Surviving and flourishing the streets, getting off and dirty is the only option.
260 ::: Lesser Angels (2008) ::: short ::: The US economy has to close many homeowners and struggle to prevent bankruptcy. Johnny Angel will become an aspiring photographer and philanthropist, demanding justice through a crime to solve its blocked marital and financial problems. Will his desperate decision to maintain a "American Dream" leads him to glory?
261 ::: Aqua (1998) ::: short ::: Two young Irish students want to earn money quickly and hit the idea of ​​selling the sound of their country rivers to the rich Americans with Irish roots. However, their plan goes wrong when a mysterious foreigner appears on the stage.
262 ::: The Make-Up Effects of 'Panic Room' (2004) ::: short ::: The effects of makeup, al -Gillyis and Tom Woodrov Jr. - who come back to their foreign days with Fincher - chat about the fingers created for the Dwight Yokam character and the broken force for Patrick Buchao's character. We also watch test videos and other basic content. This is a loose piece with some funny moments, especially when Fincher Woodruff and Gillis sends to the painting page to make the fingers less like "rubber cheetos".
263 ::: Behind the Mask (1909) ::: short ::: The internal opening scene of the house appears where the man and his wife are at dinner, but on this particular occasion, they are at the points of swords with each other, and after a general "rough house" in which he participates equally, on an equal footing, the man makes the bus from the place. The wife is left alone to broadcast her feelings, and take a paper that she reads from a pressing ball that you will get that night in a modern hotel. She was disgusted with everything, and she was determined to search for a transformation, and she was preparing to go to the ball. A taxi is built, entered and quickly in the midst of gay celebrations. Meanwhile, the husband compensates to attend the same ball, so, after going to fashion where it fits himself in a wonderful suit, he also makes a wonderful scene. I barely arrived when this little woman who was well hidden spy, and after a short flirting, the couple became severe. The man invites his magician partner to participate in some refreshments that he accepts gently and the happy husband in a thick with a crowd of celebrities, and there is no suspected of a moment in the identity of each other. Finally, they retire to a special dining room for a little dinner, and when they agree to remove their masks; So they come, and there, in the face of each other, are a man and wife. Each of them is treated as a wonderful joke, and after talking about things, they decided to correct their little misunderstanding and live in the future.
264 ::: Oedipus (2004) ::: short ::: A personal shepherd does not bow down to a passing king, Lao, so lessey draws his sword. The shepherd, Adipus, kills the king, and later heard in a nightclub, singing Jokasta, Widow and Queen Lius. Adipus is crushed and he is in his bed soon. Then, Tiresias Blind, in the public field, announced that a prophecy was fulfilled. Oedipus, always the man of action, pulls his eyes out, Jukasta removes herself from a parade, and their daughter, Antigone, begins her new role as her blind father's guide. The movie is Stop Motion, with fruits and vegetables as the main character.
265 ::: Flochness (2016) ::: short ::: Jimmy Flochness, the world's largest mercenary, unknowingly interrupts the work of a powerful drug dealer, who then affects Jimmy. After several failed attempts in his life, Jimmy sets off to find the person who killed his best friend and created chaos in his personal life.
266 ::: Street Art? (2015) ::: short ::: One of the largest and best collections of unmounted street art in the world in London. Local and international artists have decorated London roads at several levels from short bronze sculptures to painted murals, using a wide range of mediums with creative functions. Director and producer Valetina Gordeva went to Shoreditch to search for amazing outdoor urban art, find out what people think about road art and interview two successful road artists who are at the end of their art in galleries. The film was made for an MA course at the University of Anglia Ruskin.
267 ::: I am Agha (2010) ::: short ::: Lahore, Pakistan. One day in the life of a 10 -year -old, a young child had to collect waste on the streets for survival. Taking a big career about the world around him, he shares his sentiments and his life with a very limited vision with us.
268 ::: Ring of Fire (2017) ::: short ::: In the only section of the highway, Ronit is involved in a deserted hood to fill gasoline. The employee informed him that the fan belt of his car was broken and the new one will come only in the morning. Ronit can never stuck in the middle of the night in his car. When another car is pulled, he goes home for the night he promised to quit it to Ronit. Ronit agrees, he assures that God is there. But there are then the Devil.
269 ::: No Can Do (2004) ::: short ::: This film discusses the new commercial approach that LAS granted the seventh art, as well as the dissolution and the art of video constantly. In the video dance sequence of the length of the cigarette, the actors build their movements from the fashion magazines.
270 ::: Urban Drag (2014) ::: short ::: "We are dragging the rest of the nakedness.": Five people explore the identity and define themselves through clothes and makeup. Because their sexual identity is created and imposed, they play in the context of the city.
271 ::: The Cookie Thief (1999/II) ::: short ::: His boyfriend abandons him in front of the Euroairport terminal in Basel-Malaws. He buys a magazine (with a cover story about Turkey) and a heart -shaped cookie box, then expects in the room, putting the bag and cookie boxes on a small, low table. He realizes that the man sitting across the table has helped himself to a cookie. He continues to read and eat cookies, and he continues to eat. Soon, they are on a silent face and crush one cookie after another. He removes his bag and gives him a dirty look, which he returns playful. He goes to his gate in a gate, where he discovers that Sang Frey plunges himself.
272 ::: The Reader (2016) ::: short ::: The story of Jason, a young man looking for a crush on his heart, Emily. Before he succeeds, he must first overcome his fears and insecurity. After a small accident, Jason learns that we all have much more in common than it has been thought so far. Will I use his new abilities to win the day and the girl?
273 ::: Angels and Imams (2003) ::: short ::: Angels and Imams is the story of twenty-eight years Caramo Gibba: a Devolta Muslim, arriving in America with high aspirations. His dreams are earning enough money and resources to return to his native land, to open a school to teach African children about their culture and to advance the Koran's teaching.
274 ::: In Solitude with Me (2015) ::: short ::: After his wife's victory, Julian Emerson offers an experimental neurosurgeon, doctoral ways to store consciousness. As Amanda's life ends, Julian left to fight his death at the end of the doctor's scalpel.
275 ::: Lesson Learned (2005) ::: short ::: Phillip, a professional executor, is fed up with working for the local crime Lord Miller Westbrook. He has developed a plan that brings him a huge payment day and gives his old boss his finger at the same time. For this purpose, he took advantage of the services of a beautiful counter -counter, which is only known as J, who is also fed up with working for Westbrook. But her secret plan is not quite as secret as you thought, and now Westbrook's rackers come for her.
276 ::: Creditors (2012) ::: short ::: When Mark Malone is released from his job as a debt collector, he finds himself in the center of a crooked organization after he has received a call from ex-marine nav-nav-horsepower Scutter. Navin convinces him that he is the only one who can help him after realizing that Mark could be monitored and contains important evidence in a political conspiracy.
277 ::: After Thoughts (2017/I) ::: short ::: After the thoughts is a short film that tells a story of a teenager who is killed in a car accident after driving. While he is dying, he remembers the actions leading to his death from another perspective. He predicts himself at the party in which he was driving. Through frozen scenes at the party, he sees that he is drinking a dangerous amount of alcohol. He eventually watches himself and his two friends leave the party and run away before he dies.
278 ::: Action Reaction 2: Colossos Ex Machina (2010) ::: short ::: Three distinct young lads are slavishly watching the telly, zapping through many channels full of meaningless entertainment. Suddenly their attention is designed by a horrifying sound. Before they can even realize what happened, they are defeated by an exorbitant chain of reactions that they do not know her championship! An exciting roller coaster ride, in which industrial contractions save supreme. The use of all arsenal of mechanical attributes ranging from tiny to large, charming to repulsive. All this leads to a shaking final of epic proportions.
279 ::: Winter Will (2015) ::: short ::: When Alph revealed his best friend, the gym, that his long -term relationship was over, it promotes an animated discussion about a mutual friend, Will, a prestigious Lotherio forever stay in a bachelor lifestyle in a bachelor's lifestyle. Used to be. According to Alf, Will is a changed man, and is stabilizing, but the gym deferred it, assuring that as soon as he learns that Alf is single again, he will use it for his profit and his best The friend will try to enter his best friend into his arena. , Both stagnant they are right, friend agrees at a stake to see if either a beautiful woman will be wooed with the greed of a beautiful woman or will be loyal to her girlfriend. They decide to install her with an attractive escort to test their loyalty and then stand back and see how the pendulum swings.
280 ::: First Patrol (2006) ::: short ::: Miranda starts her new job as a guard during the night shift of a race track that is closed before the winter. While she makes her way through the abandoned stables, she soon finds out that everything is not the way it seems in the creepy loneliness of First Patrol.
281 ::: Annaottoanna (2004) ::: short ::: Otto's relationship with Anna has stopped. After an argument, nothing is as it was before. Horrified, Otto has to realize that he is caught in a world in motion back, where he is walking forward until the beginning of his day. Confronted with a demonic DJ, an inverse playing and a mysterious similarity of Anna, is trying to escape horror
282 ::: My Dying Day (2007) ::: short ::: 'My Dying Day' is a deep emotional but optimistic view of an individual fighting all the expectations to overcome his incurable disease. Emotional and powerful scenes of the most important subject that plan its own funeral, are serious site plotting and those who also live in hospice care, summarize with in-depth and personal interviews to better describe the thin line that live and divide.
283 ::: Christina (2007) ::: short ::: "There has to be a man who suits you," Mrs. Stein tells her daughter. But Christina believes that he has already found "his man." To make her life and her boyfriend, a failed painter, Christina works as a telephone host in a direct sex line. It is a job that means nothing to her, since she assures Peter. Secretly, however, it makes it suffer. Peter feels deceived and calls Christina to find another job. This is reduced to an argument in which Christina reveals her existential fears to Pedro, using the same phrases as her mother: What are they supposed to live after all? Peter escapes from the floor leaving Christina alone. The phone sounds, pointing to another customer of the direct line, and this time, Christina almost does not retire. Finally, she responds, perhaps by habit. But perhaps also to flee from his own loneliness. But unlike the people who call usual, this man does not seek rapid satisfaction. He tells Christina that he only has a few minutes left to live. Christina is a film about loneliness, about loneliness in the company of the people you love but you still do not.
284 ::: Les vacances (1997) ::: short ::: A young woman works in a school restaurant. It's the last day before the summer holidays. She asks for an advance of money to be able to take her daughter on vacation, but she is refused. This film shows this woman's struggle to obtain the sum that will allow her daughter's summer not to be wasted.
285 ::: Stillwater (2006) ::: short ::: About the images (Samantha Krukowski) liquid skin lava about quiet rocks quickly sheets | Bubbles Down | Painting water 'until triple planes come together' Neath almost waves over the music (Bruce pennycook) consistent struck__shrill then still_quiet and even. Pules pulse, withdrawing __Chatch -catch and letting go. The constant rhythms of the clear water that flows and revolved around the rocks and pebbles, inspired a steady pulsed music that shifts with the kind of irregular regularity of the water. Moreover, I have added sets of sounds that shine and sparkle and add lighting to the ruthless but somehow soothing pace.
286 ::: Baby Ballet (2000) ::: short ::: An introduction for children in the ballet world, particularly designed for ages from four to six years old. It contains all aspects of a class of formal ballet, including a heating of bar, stretching, a central practice and through ground combinations. All movements are explained step by step, followed by a performance of the stages of the famous Dance teacher Rosemary Boross and his students from the start of the preschool school.
287 ::: To Serve (2005) ::: short ::: When Michael first decided to make a documentary on the army, he knew that it would not be easy. The process was difficult and the story was even more difficult to develop. He wanted the story about why people join the army. Knowing his own reasons, he wanted to know others. The story he wanted to make was thrown away because he did not want to include the war. However, when discussing it with someone, it always came up.
288 ::: Fourge (2007) ::: short ::: Seven minutes long, filled with unnecessary ramblings, and saturated with intense parody and unnecessary detail, as a unique achievement in the short film of the twenty -first -century "forage". We have not only found a list of cleaning workers hunting that explains the distinctive absurdity of our story, including sweet candy kisses to primitive weapons and sexy blonde wigs, but this story also has different types of interesting characters, each has its own distinctive culture, body. Type and history, from home to mismanagement. "Forage" follows the four brave souls who courageously adventure in the unknown on an epic search - will greed or fellowship eventually win? As we go from a warehouse to a warehouse from a parking lot and go back again, you will find the surprising variety of people, places, musical instruments and quite strange, perfect random things - forgotten by passing through the remains of history.
289 ::: Postcards (1990) ::: short ::: The separate couple tries to stay in contact with the postal cards of the "American" viewer: motives, antiquities, and gardens; But postcards intersect in the mail. Misunderstanding arises. The passion retracts. Romance fades ... However, postal cards continue to come.
290 ::: Busted: The Beginning of Wisdom (????) ::: short ::: Aidon's guardian angel, Aeriel, sees him as he grows from birth to thirteen years old. She is helped by Idon's great -grandfather, Ananiel and her Guardian Angel Eldonon. When the key lessons and lies in the truth, Angels and ancestors patiently see, Idon realized that the Idon was finally invisible.
291 ::: Yabba Yabba Ding Ding (1999) ::: short ::: The orange is painting the wall with orange paint, while it takes note of blue paint on the wall, which means one thing: its rival, blue, there. When the two see each other, the war between the two begins, until the two will see what they have made.
292 ::: State by State (2008) ::: short ::: Love kills, 19th helps the book, "from the state of the state," he costs, read, and acts. " From the book, the Play of State "looks at local levels by engaging in the Upgrade." A new collection with 50 wraction of Federal authors WORD's World Help America and Americans. "What are we talking about when we talk about our state? Do we really divide between red and blue?
293 ::: Stray (2003) ::: short ::: While driving in the great American vacuum, a seller who travels lonely is shot in the head through a street bullet. In a nearby farm, a young single Christian mother and her 9 -year -old nurse daughter, man, returns to consciousness and health. But the mother and daughter show her affection for the stranger unexpectedly. While the girl confuses the invalid by her missing father, her mother has more carnal plans. The true memory of her father's girl calls her from the cathedral -shaped barn who seeks to promulgate a revenge to rival any Greek tragedy.
294 ::: Shooting Locations (2009) ::: short ::: The shooting places explores the borderlines between war, play of war, military games and the disappearance of separation between reality and fiction. The combination of "found footage" sounds on YouTube from England, Hong Kong and Afghanistan with images of a 19th -century villa, skyscraper and city houses are annoying.
295 ::: A Walk-Up with Five Stories (1999) ::: short ::: "Walking with Five Stories" was not a scheduled movie. In 1998 I moved to NYC after writing my first screenplay at university. I came to make a movie. After spending three days on the train, as soon as my feet reached the city sidewalk, I started writing my second script. I had never worked with a 16mm movie, so I decided to enroll in a few classes in film/video arts. Although the old F/V had some unpleasant carpets in the underground film, they had teachers, colleagues, flat beds and bowels. What did an eager filmmaker need most? The 1300 main feet of my film, while shooting in F/V A, were intended for "Sections", the script I started after entering NYC. This is, of course, where it is not planned. The organic nature of the film grew from one of those edited apartments where the lights never worked. They say Well has edited all his films there. Creation happens. I knew that the "sections" was a long way to finish and my budget could not tolerate more film. I also realized that it was good to have a piece to show. After a long time cutting the film, another story was created. I had filmed scenes for "divisions" that your man climbs the stairs and sees that Venus is busy with another boy. I also fired some other sequences for the film. At that time, I lived with five stories in a walk. I showed the soundtrack of the movie at the end of the class with f/v a.. Later I will bring it to the WRS (point: the best student discount in all NYC!) And show it to Marv Salliway. He told me there was a man to see: Jonas Mekas. I dropped the film with Jonas in the anthology archive. Of course, I had to call him any other day for the next three months until he watched it. He added it to the program as Friday and Saturday night. My first top movie! The film then travels to my hometown house in Eid Nowruz. From there, it exposes it through festivals and through the distribution of collec.tv.
296 ::: Tameiki (2000) ::: short ::: A young office worker is undergoing a bad period. He should sell door-to-door for his real estate company, but no one is interested. To close things, his girlfriend dumps him. The film also shows the owner of a small gas station and the frustrations by a thug in an expensive sports car. Incidentally, the three people, with the former girlfriend of the salesmen, all meet together in a violent confrontation.
297 ::: Pregnant Together: A Man Explores Pregnancy (2015) ::: short ::: The future father, Miguel Francis-Santiago, carries out a two-week experiment that he plans to go to his wife Kristina's shoes to understand how pregnancy really feels. For this purpose, he attracts a heavy abdominal train by working, driving, doing household work and even sleeping. Miguel is determined to try to replicate before birth what women have to go through.
298 ::: Mis värvi on armastus? (2005) ::: short ::: In the colorful world of journalism, CARRARK PICLISH ABOUT YOUR RESPENSE HEARS, then when retired, but to make your world with?
299 ::: Business as Usual (2005) ::: short ::: Normal business is an experimental movie for all people in the company that is contrary to the background of his natural habitat. Typical gestures were shot, edited, and operated as a collage -in -motion, shot in front of the empirical stock exchanges in Toronto (TSX), New York (NYSE), London (FTSE), and Tokyo (TSE). Ta. As usual, the business has revealed humanity to the grotesques of executive citizens, and questions that the world's economic market will threaten Valence as a new world culture.
300 ::: Four Lovers (2011) ::: short ::: I really love and enjoyed. A very nice film. I thought it was always enough to be happy, but nothing in real life is enough to feel everything you need in life, such as happiness, such as happiness; Joy. Believe me, we always have a conflict.
301 ::: A Short Tour & Farewell (2015) ::: short ::: A young man, Sabik (24) pouring out of clubs. Was upset that the pain was sitting in the clubs waiting for friends. Sabik is annoying and decided to leave here. In the city did not know him, he was now waiting in the night. At first, it is naked without anything in anything. But when he studied a few people who came to visit and the guests on the road to gradually it gradually moves spiritually. That made her ponder over the time he had made her thoughts.
302 ::: One Night Stand (2017) ::: short ::: Cora, the 22 -year -old free Spirit, split on her birthday and eventually had Shitty day. Her best friend and roommate granny encourage her to go back on the pony and go out. Then she meets a tall, beautiful and foreign person in the name of Larey, she takes her on a date, and it doesn't seem to be nothing.
303 ::: Action Woman (2004) ::: short ::: In 4 minutes, 30 seconds, we take a colorful look at a beautiful organ player who doesn't get to answer. He is currently living, and he intends to play Farfisa, no matter what. Nothing can stop him, not an empty house or a technical. She is at home, she has a Vespa, and she is an action woman. With music by bands 60,? And The Mysterians and Fox, this movie about starting, personal freedom and proof is that you are what you are doing.
304 ::: 65 (2013) ::: short ::: Most of the time in Flashback, an older woman recalls her experience with the war of 1965 between India and Pakistan on the birthday. Intercut with rare archive images, we see the newly married nurse taking blood, donating her jewelry, walking through the streets of Lahore with soldiers everywhere, through roadblocks and at home that takes care of her young son. Mixing black -white and color images The images tell the story of civil sacrifice, the recognition by the army of that contribution and civil obligation.
305 ::: Miért fusson az ártatlan (1994) ::: short ::: Mail author for translation. Nachors knows almost only about the "cold days" about the massacres of the Hungarian gendarmerie in Ujvid, although the revenge was ten times as bloody and cruel. Twenty years ago, in 1944, the Serbian partisans pushed the Franziskaner -Brüder Weg to save the Csangs and Swaber. The film remembers her cruel fate and martyrdom.
306 ::: For Land's Sake (1950) ::: short ::: This short film enhances the sound management of animal fertilizers to maintain the quality of the soil and improve it on the farm. The application of animal fertilizer is the most natural, practical and economic way to enrich the soil and increase plant growth: it improves poor soil and makes good soil better. The appropriate storage and application techniques are clarified with international compost equipment and farm tractors.
307 ::: Wildest Dreams (1987) ::: short ::: Randy Sloan is afraid of falling asleep. When he does, he is in the grip of nightmares where a man in black tries to kill him. Composer gifted but blocked, Randy is struggling to write a song for her idol, the Rock Star Russ Calvin. When Randy's girlfriend Sara obtains a meeting with Calvin, Randy is not prepared. As you would expect, he is rigorously licensed by Calvin. Apart from the recording studio, Sara lets her have it: "You are your worst enemy!" And then the real nightmares start. The man in black haunts Randy's dreams, stubbornly determined and concentrated - all that Randy is not. When Randy literally confronts his enemy, he obtained the surprise of his life. The result: he finally finished the elusive song, changing the life of Calvin as well as his. This message of believing in oneself and of the fight against the chances - even those that we create - is put on a catchy rock partition of Jerry Williams.
308 ::: Katch-Up (2013) ::: short ::: The first skip of "best Led" in the world was sixteen skins and snowbus festival 'nine films from about seven films to pick up the window. Teams 72 hours shooting, edge and adjust the film that is not more than 5 minutes. This year prop was a Japanese handy fan and should be used in each movie that will be used in each movie. C چچ - د 2013 مفرم لارم فلمونه The winner, a black and white. This star fishing takes the fish, snowbord that prevents life's obligations for fun and the culture of the mountains of the mountains. Life is not all that's why he expected; The bills start, his girlfriend, eaten him, and he is down to the last box of macron and cheese. Even these oldest best foods will not miss him. Charch's old bottle of kittus ages in the fridge, Charlie is trying to cheat by a meat by cleaning the last few droplets. Unknown against him is not a cache-up bottle. With bottle of bottle with a bottle of bottle with a bottle of bottle, a beautiful jobby poopy is played by Sharry rails he gives him three wishes. Charlie for money, thinking that it is a response to his problems. Initially start modification at first but Charlie is for wonder because life is never easy.
309 ::: L'ours et la petite mariée (1997) ::: short ::: In 1987, I went to Yugoslavia as a sound engineer for a film about bear-keiper gypsy. One day, when Yugoslavia had already sinked in vandalism for two years, the pictures and voices of those gypsies were back to the surface of my brain again.
310 ::: Coalfields (1984) ::: short ::: West Virginia's industrial landscape is collaborated with a shape that symbolizes photography scenes into social, sexual, personal, political content, and a spatial motion field. The fabric of the movie is woven in the black pulmonary exercise, and Fred, a retired coal mine surrounded by the federal government to stop the bidding to the President of the United Mining Workers Association, Fred, a black lung activist.・ It is a story of Carter. His story is described through a piece of documentary interviews and Kimiko Han's poem for forming a movie counter theme. The movie has an original sound configuration by Earl Howard.
311 ::: A Family Finds Entertainment (2005) ::: short ::: Skippy is encouraged by his parents to leave his "poisonous family" and find a new home. On the way he was hit by a car and then filmed by a documentary director. Music from a chaotic youthful holiday awakens it as it is looking for something beautiful to keep.
312 ::: Trigger (2016/VII) ::: short ::: "When the mind and the body are under a constant attack by ecological stress, the brain has difficulty in creating dopamine, a neurotransmitter that is essential to the feeling of pleasure. The brain compensates for this by releasing the chemical, most linked to stress, the same cortisol. a chemical that nourishes our response to a flight or fight. Thus, creating a constant signal and self -defense cycle. As a result, our body not only misinterprets the contribution but also incorrectly calculates the interpretation. Lust.
313 ::: Kyrie Eleison (2006) ::: short ::: Two Sixtin-Chaple Angels do not listen to prayers, but prefer to avoid their divinity and dive into physical pleasures. Men and female, they become one in a fairly strange and unstable way, while in the background a conservative priest apologizes to the sins of the world. Made through a scanning process of rotating objects.
314 ::: La comtesse noire (1913) ::: short ::: Life is smiling at Dr. Raymond Marti: He works as a researcher with Professor Mondeel, a man who admires him very much. On a personal level, things are also fine because it is about to marry Jereman, the daughter of the professor. But life turns into Madame Rainer's acid, a dangerous photographer, putting its scenes on the young man. While Raymond stubbornly refused, the interim warning bicycles decided to submit to him in the presence of his future father in the law. Unfortunately, it pulls it, making Montel break the sharing. However, Raymond resists renewable attacks on the diabolical countess. But things, good or bad, must end, and one day the tide turns: night, and the little girl in Madame Rainer, her illness coincides with seriousness and her life is only saved thanks to the joint efforts of Martel and Munumbl, who have been sent to. Thank you for the two men, in the end, the countess brings itself to the admission of the bad trick she played on Raymond.
315 ::: Le Piccole Cose (2017) ::: short ::: Summer night in the thin. GIHIGIA, a twelve-year-old girl, waiting for her English friend. Everything is properly planned, but suddenly turns the things totally disaster.
316 ::: Toilet (2008) ::: short ::: The toilet is about two siblings (Eddy and Eric) whose similar breeding helps them unite and thus share each other's fate, the can. All this psychological and surreal drama occurs in one day as the mother follows Eddy for failing her exams, after leaving a hide from the toilet, with the cane. Eric, his older brother, returns home and enters the toilet as soon as possible. We discover how the toilet becomes a secret place where the secrets are revealed.
317 ::: Requiem für etwas, das sehr klein ist (1997) ::: short ::: Esther's and Michael bourgeois couple have trapped in a game of power, stimulation and seemingly ironic sex. Esther is on the verge of madness when an arrival of a young artist. The recession for something very small is a psychological scary, a drama, with a cultural and political spirit and music.
318 ::: The Red Shoes (2009/II) ::: short ::: 'The Red Shoes' tells the story of a young orphan named Karen, which is taken by a merciful old widow. As Karen's confirmation comes to a close, the widow takes her to the shoe maker to buy shoes for service but Karen draws herself to steal a pair of beautiful red dance shoes, just for tragic consequences.
319 ::: In the Picture (2012) ::: short ::: A young visitors from outside the city are led on a tournament in Los Angeles and its surroundings by a well -known resident (Stanley Livingston) and his wife (Paula Drake), all caught by the panoramic camera with three Lente Cinerama. Some popular and some not -so -popular views of the city excel in this urban travelogue lark, including the Griffith Observatory, Angel Flight Railway and a San Pedro sailing, culminating in The Highlight of the Evening, A visit to the Cinema Dome theater in Hollywood. This was the first film shot in 3-Panel Cinerama in 50 years.
320 ::: Cover (2003) ::: short ::: Shooting in the Baltic Sea, Germany, in winter. Bay clothing. The Shiva model must be on the cover and loved Tim, the photographer. At dinner the crew has nothing to do. The Karen stylist seduces Tim. So, what's all this. The women who were once very nice, so they had a rich life, suddenly became bitter. Why?
321 ::: Belle-ile-en-mer, ile bretonne et acadienne (2016) ::: short ::: Acadian groups from Canada will travel to Bell Il Emma, ​​France, and celebrate them to celebrate their 250th anniversary after arriving on their island. We are near the Britany Coast and discover a French community in the Acadian Dia Spora, which is still proud of their culture.
322 ::: Gringo Next Door (2009) ::: short ::: When Jack sees the lack of chickens, he is his guilt in his attitude to himself - his Spanish neighbors. A solution? Hire immigrants to put the work on the wall between two houses. Optional temples are a very interesting satire, "the next door".
323 ::: On My Skin (2006) ::: short ::: What is the manus of the race, color, nature, and family relationships? In the Cusp of the Changes of women, Logan Gutierrez - The race for the mixed ethnic group, though not only someone, but also a white man. She travels to Mexico, the forefather of his forefather, Learning His mother, where her mother and her heritage and heritage. From the house discussion and visit to a good journey in San Francisco, Astros Giants share the privileges - that it is convinced at his travel.
324 ::: Ex libris (1989) ::: short ::: A young Messenger comes to the other hand bookseller to bring a number of books. When its packet is ready, it goes between the bookshelf. Suddenly a book descends on the floor. It lifts it, opens it randomly and reads a short erotic excerpt. The 18 -year -old girl is unrealistic circles around her. He asks, "Do you like it?" He doesn't know. He says, "Don't follow me" and leave the shop. He ignores his mistakes, puts the book under his jacket and follows the girl on his moped. She is found sitting on a bench in the church part of the church where numerous yrs are placed in the walls. She does not answer anything she says. Then he opens the book once more and reads the other erotic excerpt. Then he goes around a corner, but when he immediately follows, it has disappeared. Somehow its attention is drawn to a name on the wall to the plates: "Anna Stevg ĺ Rd B. 1910d. 1928". He opens the book and sees the former Libris with the name "Anna Stevg ĺ Ray".
325 ::: Hat-sal han ju-meo-ni (2006) ::: short ::: Minho who likes to play Game pays dear for spending the money for his school supplies, because he uses money to play instead. He plays the game of mom's sight. Finally, he was caught by mom. He can't help telling an absurdly lie.
326 ::: Samuel Beckett Is Coming Soon (1993) ::: short ::: Two actors. In the street. With a tree. An effective description of the scientist Tony A and Tony Ze finding themselves in the movie Alan Arkin. "Samuel Picky soon ...". Away from home, waiting for fame and confession - or just an audience - barely noticing their lives reflecting the sad comedy, "waiting for Godot". During their departure via Swathland, they find much less than they are negotiating, in an attempt to bring a classic bikit to a modern audience that is largely not interested.
327 ::: Maneki onna (2000) ::: short ::: When a young man is sitting in his apartment and playing a video game, he hears a big knock outside the window. When he opens the window, the woman enters without saying a word. Without telling him who he is and why she came, she goes to the corridor outside his apartment and hangs himself.
328 ::: The Kiss of Death (1970) ::: short ::: The kiss of death is a crazy gangster, complete with Don, his dig, hit men, scenes of persecution and debauchery. If you are a fan of gangster movies, this new twist in the classic genre will give your fun bone an offer that you cannot refuse!
329 ::: Traveling Companion (1998) ::: short ::: After losing a partner, travel writers place personal advertisements in newspapers in search of travel friends to Italy. She interviews some interesting characters in her own story at a coffee shop. She also meets the waitress, a graduate student who continues to provide coffee. He also meets her strange sisters and urges her to open her heart. Immediately before the writer and waitress departed for the airport, they both recognized mutual love for writing, discovered that they were heading to Italy, and on the other hand to her Little Italy. They agree to meet for coffee in the future.
330 ::: Autosuggestion (2003) ::: short ::: The movie is the extent of the extent between knowers and unnecessarily, between inward and outdoors. How is we dreaming? How can it be used to be shown in the screen? Although a man pursues his day to date, dream, dreams and mixture. Woman means and out. Let him abandon him; Or maybe he broke the relationship ...
331 ::: Potters Stier (1981) ::: short ::: Potter's beef is the first part of the "excessive paint" trilogy (UEBERMALUNGEN) by the painter and director Streode (Jewelgen Boccer). Paulus Potter's simple postcard scene "The Young Bull" ("Den Jungen Steia") has been artificially alienated in an impressive way. By using various means of "Painting" and/or the front projection, the number of bulls in the center of the card is placed in a certain flux state. Viewers can also choose to follow the shift behind the bull. With a sound collage.
332 ::: Believe It or Not #3 (1930) ::: short ::: This entry (# 3 in the series "Believe it or not") is located on a ship to the house, where journalists ask the passenger Bob Ripley what he saw in his journeys in the world. He describes various oddities, including a couple married for 147 years and a man who has generated 888 children. He sketches some of the quirks of a journalist to bring to his publisher and presents the passenger Clarence E. Willard, who demonstrates that he can grow up to 7 inches in about a minute. In this third entry of the series, we see Mr. Ripley about to land from a ship. Journalists welcome him on the bridge and ask him to describe what he saw during his travels. Among the fascinating facts he discovered, it is possible to take deep sea fish in the Sahara desert and you can freeze in the African Atlas mountains. He also learned that King George of England, I did not speak of an English work and that the rickshaws used in Hong Kong were invented by an American and are built in the state of the New Jersey, in the United States. Finally, we are initiated into "Clarence E. Willard" (QV). Using muscle and skeletal coordination and control, it can vary its size up to 7 inches.
333 ::: I Could Be Great (2008) ::: short ::: Olivia is a teenage girl with a unique problem, she is completely bald because of alopecia. It is intimidation and harassment in school. One day, Olivia is discovered by fashion designer, Nikki Blain and fashion photographer, Jay Gambino. They are fascinated by its unique appearance and renting it as a model. She represents a famous actress and famous. As she arrived in the red carpet in the premiere of her movie, she faced the same fatwas that she was in school. Olivia discovers that you can overcome any challenge.
334 ::: Survival Game (1999) ::: short ::: A young girl happily opens gifts until she comes across someone who contains only one floppy disk. The program stored on it turns out to be a game called "Survival Game", in which she quickly loses interest and turns off. Later, however, she discovers that the game has not yet ended ...
335 ::: Samsara: Episode 2 - Jeff (2008) ::: short ::: According to Indian mythology, time and place is an endless cycle of creation and destruction. This cycle is divided into four stages, the last of which is known as the Kali Yuga phase. We are today in the same phase. In the midst of an unexplained solar crisis, Jeff (Jeff Chapman) mysteriously travels back through time when he sees in an eclipse. In an attempt to fix the future, he tries to change the past, to know that nature has his own will.
336 ::: Nikita and the Iron Woman (2007) ::: short ::: World War Inded the second bus. Small Nicaca Waiting for his father to come back home from the front of the war. Every day he contacted differently in his bathroom - something well, something nice.
337 ::: Behind the Scenes with Interviews of Ninja's Creed (2010) ::: short ::: The Julie Julie was released by Lizag Studio, when a female stadium was closed to the United States to the King of Modern Halman. A royal soldier has also been sent to protect the princess. Ninja fixed videos when he is facing firearms, his job will be set up again. Ninja Selected Movies as fights, secrets have been hidden and the line between good and bad. Ninja created review only one mission can be completed and only one can be alive. The Alexander Reid, Plant LA FIELENNE, ERIC Roberts. A Rale soldier takes a frightening of a female deadly ethsinians to protect a Horware protecting the bloody mission of death. When the knees dispute, the past predologues have been revealed, and the last battle of good allegations.
338 ::: Dead Mall (2015) ::: short ::: 'Dead Mall' evocatively floats through the Kitsch design, cheese-like flooring, lilt muzak, empty parking spaces, indifferent clerks, shutter shops, soft light and neon letters, glass and plastic and carried carpet, and small mother-n-pop companies that that have replaced the most important chain stores in a struggling shopping center that is in stark danger to close forever. This avant-garde documentary is a spooky meditation at a time when the American perspectives on consumerism and capitalism were extremely different from what they are now.
339 ::: The Other End of the Earth (2018) ::: short ::: Shown by Diane Lane. A cinematic holiday of our beautiful world, containing culture, destinations and picturesque moments. Includes quotes from Nellie Bly, who in 1889 traveled boldly around the world in 72 days - beating the previous 80 days record. She did so despite resistance, as it was said that only one man could realize such a feat. Substances on the hype, ritz-carlton reserve and Marriott Content Studio tried to create a our poetry that would inspire exploration, contemplation and joy.
340 ::: La tempesta (1998) ::: short ::: "Ganawa" is a Moroccan Sufi brotherhood. Its name is derived from the word barbar, "Ignav č No". Ganawa celebrates the sacrament of the brotherhood "green" (the Arabic word for "night"). It is the night of Ganana in which it is the night of "Makadama", a celebrated Lila who called Lila to start the ritual that will last all night.
341 ::: Der Tunnel (2017) ::: short ::: On a weekly train passing through Switzerland, students notice that their driving tunnels are unusually long. The sustainable darkness makes him more anxious. His companion passengers do not seem to be worried. Even the conductor will reassure him when everything goes well. But when he heads to the engineer's cabin with the chief conductor, they will empty it. And after an emergency break failed, they can be seen straight in the dark, deep -by -depth by the rapid accelerating trains.
342 ::: Under the Sun (2005) ::: short ::: Filmed in Dubai, U.A.E. The film runs the month of the holy Ramadan through his first day fasting next to a thirteen -year -old Muslim boy. We get insight into his understanding, mistakes and difficulties, and today he will take a gaze in how to deal with his family breeding and Islamic oriented atmosphere in the world today.
343 ::: Le miracle (2013) ::: short ::: Gilles is a police officer with border police. His job is to hunt immigrants without evidence among pilgrims to walk to Lord by train. During the clash, she was bitten by a young Roman woman who escapes to the city. Gilles is determined to find him. He enters the heart of Lord, the city of all miracles ...
344 ::: Retriever (2014) ::: short ::: Milan, the only middle -aged man, the last memory of the working family - Retriver Goldy. The symbol of the former - golden happiness - turns into a Milan guide that leads him to his knowledge, his spirit and mind. In his mind, he chases fifty more wild dogs with Gold.
345 ::: The Magic Alphabet (1942) ::: short ::: In the 1890s, the Dutch physician who searched for the prevention of Berry-Bery on Java Island was dramatic how the work of Christian Aizkman was dramatic and led to the discovery of vitamins. At the end of the film, American housewives encourage their families to play the right food for their families in an attempt to learn about vitamins and win war.
346 ::: Old Street (2004) ::: short ::: A man named Ken is almost empty parking at night. He enters his truck and leads to the barrier to enter his ticket in the barrier lifting machine. The lack of a response to it makes the lights explode. It pays the auxiliary button and begins a strange voice in his talisman for the bad person he is really.
347 ::: Desire (2004) ::: short ::: In this work, the team's white-subskie functions your division character. He sees his "beauty" side of his "beauty and for a moment to take over his mental side. She replaces his face vertical screen. He showed it from a visitor after the speaker after horizontal. The strips as moving a mutual reality of the mutual fact. The artist focus on human ability that two true - physical and spiritual - at a time. Tim White-Soon Synibusky in his book theater to see the differences between act and thought between the proceedings of his procedure. The main subject of the request passes through the masticic imagination. The artist images themselves as both innocent jans as a two-fish Janano. His face was shown with many pieces of multiple pieces-"requests". The artist has created a grinding piece of body parts that take part in his imagination. This "Configuration" chocolate and developing them totally cover their face. Erritacism works as a further environment in which White Sobiski examines his identity. He divided his face into the screen in two parts that there is available in different influential mediums. Like Shakespearean Iago, the artist says: "I'm not what I am". Discounts reveal his deception, but also targets him as a observer of his behavior. Double personality is usually someone who has dramatic type behavior, thoughts, and feelings. These personalities are often connecting and dominate in various times. This type of individuals are trying to solve their identity crisis. They actually have a great struggle to keep a single self-fulfillment.
348 ::: One Way to the Sea (2013) ::: short ::: Christchurch-Shot by Tom O'Halloran, Silent Super 8 Film, One Way to the Sea, raises a dystopian nightmare in the city of the earthquake. With an enslaved man for a depressingly daily routine that is persecuted by dark and disturbing images, O'Halloran combines the malevolent and the mundane in a style that reminds the first works of David Lynch.
349 ::: 19. (2003) ::: short ::: An observation of the frenzy of the media surrounding the events that took place in the United States on September 11, 2001. This short but provocative film can simply perpetuate the myths of the main media, but perhaps it can also encourage us to question our Ability to judgment, condemn and and condemn. distrust.
350 ::: Off Book (2016/III) ::: short ::: The silent book is the story of a man's search for meaning in life where all his thoughts, actions, and conversations are dictated by a daily script. When visiting the local museum of art, Dan encounters a mysterious woman who challenges her entire view. Josia Kendal and Savannah in this fascinating and intellectual story about the passion and pursuit of the star's great life.
351 ::: Ravinia Women's Board: Celebrating 50 Years (2012) ::: short ::: A group of volunteers is former women's player in 1962) The biggest donor for benefiting, the greater fundraiser of a great fundraiser was $ 25 mm funding. Through the way, they teaching * Teaching of Rhania, Teaching, Teacher Training, and the "LY CYSTAMA" STESTMA students "STESTUM" STESTOME "Stistam" Stistam "Stistima" Stistima "Stistima" Stistima "Stistima" Stistima "Stistima" Stistima Getting more information about this dynamic group of bidders, now celebrates their 50th anniversary.
352 ::: Steven Spielberg Directs 'Jurassic Park' (2001) ::: short ::: These makeing-of-peace movie scenes with shooting shots of these segments. In other words, we will look at the part of the flick and check a little bit behind the curtains material directly with those areas. He looks at the shooting of the film and contains many movie clips and frank content.
353 ::: Miss Sherlock Holmes (1908) ::: short ::: Jack flowers and Jim Darlton is employed in the same reviser office, both the owner's daughter's daughter love Knight. Nel jack profile. He studied by a dillon of corruption, nel leaves as a boy and is employed in the same office. The long story is short, dial describes the jack losing and trying to fraud. Nil Sherlock Holmes 'Jake Saves' Jack's wrong, Jack is difficult, and the Nail's father agrees that he can get married jack. Florence's collision, as nel.
354 ::: When You Grow Up (1973) ::: short ::: This film presents young people with the concept of what includes a large part of the life of an adult-work-and what career those young people may want to embark when they grow up. People generally work to make a living to buy goods and services, some that are needs such as food, shelter, clothing and health care, and some that are luxurious. Hopefully, the work that people find pleasant, satisfactory and useful contribution to society. Because so many different goods and services contribute to the needs and wishes of society, there are many different careers to choose from. Each work requires a special set of skills, sometimes that can be acquired through practice such as on work training, and sometimes requiring previous knowledge such as the one that can be achieved through school. Career clustering, such as "health care", is made up of a large number of different careers, such as a doctor, nurse, dentist and pharmacist, which are usually interrelated in the advancement of that field of cluster Career.
355 ::: Screamplay (2015) ::: short ::: The "Screamplay" interested screenwriter follows Frank Stein, whose B-Film horror script has not affected the execution of fat-kat studios at Monster Pictures. Some additional cash, Frank and his girlfriend Shelli Mary (who are both cooler and smart) are heads of Stein Manor. There, he is congratulated by beautiful and vague foreign caretaker Igorre, who shows Frank to his father's secret laboratory and inventions- including a story machine. When the Frank places one of its screenplay in the machine, it malfunctions and forms a monster. With the screenplay, it is now converted into a wide-eye, sharp-dinner creature, in which blood, Frank, Shelli and Igorre will have to find a way to prevent shouting with thirst.
356 ::: Happy Holidaze from the Jonzes (2001) ::: short ::: Blackmail, addiction and abuse are on the surface of this dark and twisted circular story. Five mutual functional characters suffer from it. The plot reveals psychological, physically, and emotionally a disgusting secret that lies in its origin.
357 ::: 3 Minute Wonder (2005) ::: short ::: It is an end of the summer and Kate and Mandy are messing around in an abandoned Lido. They are bored and it feels like nothing never happens. In the pool, Ruth is waiting under water and Kate and Mandy to see how long she can hold her breath. A short humorous journey to that strange Limbo country of uncertainty between being under water and being upstairs, between childhood and growing up.
358 ::: Rip Van Winkle (1903/II) ::: short ::: RIP Wan Winkle, the lazy American man, with his dog wolf one day in the Catskill mountains, where he runs into the odd and bowls of the men playing. He drank some of their mysterious brew. When he woke up under a tree he was surprised to find out that he had been 20 years old and that things were very different. This is a beautiful story about how the American has changed due to civil war, only in a different and subtle way than ever said.
359 ::: Leaving My Mark: A Portrait of Scott Donahue (2010) ::: short ::: Scott Donhue is a public art sculptor who has made two big scale sculptures called "Berkeley Big Peepal" installed on the Berkeley Bicycle and pedestrian bridge on the interstate 80. The idols celebrate the vitality and history of the city of Berkeley. Whether it is successful or not, it is controversial, it is breathtaking, it is a man's lifetime achievement.
360 ::: L'épicerie (2003) ::: short ::: Arab groceries serve young customers in the grocery store. The customer addresses him in a very unseen way, without aggression, but simply without courtesy or observance. Disturbed, the grocery is not to understand the customer's requests, who take the grocer for a fool. Other clients get impatient. A woman informs the rude customer that she only needs to be polite and polite to be understood. The customer corresponds to the groceries immediately, and polls politely.
361 ::: La tempesta (1998) ::: short ::: "Gunawa" is a Moroccan Suifi Brotherhood. Its name is derived from the Bellber's word "Ignawčn". The Gnawa Brotherhood celebrates the Rila (Arabic of the Night). It is Gnawa night that the celebrant "Macadoma" summoned Lira is waiting for the arrival of the brothers to start a ritual overnight.
362 ::: Erica Wexler Is Online (2010) ::: short ::: Erica Wexler's Facebook is a work of art. Every two minutes there is a new influx of wall publications of their Facebook friends that ask questions: about class presentations or if they must obtain lateral bangs or if they must hang out with this or that nice boy or girl of recitation. And Erica is great to answer, it is better that most people who give it to the two -hour house before writing a publication on the wall. She is decidedly on her Facebook things. But the point is that Erica Wexler is dead.
363 ::: Pigan brinner! (2008) ::: short ::: "Pigan Brinner!" ("Maid on Fire!") It is "Modern Silent Short", shot in black / white 35 mm with Pathé's cranked camera, from 1914, (in fact the same camera used by D.O.P. Julius Jaenzon for "Phantom Carriage") tells the story of Maid who slaves in a Swedish high family kitchen in 2008, serving some twin brats, nosferatu-hungry teenager and father's "dies" in the cold. All tense, she suddenly begins to burn and monitor! ... Maid on Fire! It is a torch in the Swedish debate on maids.
364 ::: Crossing Rome (1999) ::: short ::: Rome moves bringing us the first century of the Christian faith in the Roman church. The books do not specify many historical and ancient things show how a cross is being a symbol of the triumphant and romantic. By the cross tree and colacoms and catacombs, passing Rome slowly considering us if we do not use our cross and follow it. "This is an outstanding event for Emperation and Easter. The stories supported Paul Heiney, traveling therapy by the fear of the English colors in the Rome.
365 ::: Angekommen (2004) ::: short ::: Udu does not give up his hope for his wife Gabriel's better health condition. He nurses her with all his love. Closed his mind to reality, he lost the vision of truth - Gabriel is already dead. There is only one person outside his world, with whom he is in contact, Andreas has a disgruntled young man from the neighborhood. He settles shopping for the couple. Because he promised Grabriel not to leave him alone, Udo asked Andreas to go to the house without waking up. While they are surprised for the 25th wedding anniversary, Andreas remains behind. When the bougle goes home, the bedroom door is open ...
366 ::: Entrepreneur, the Movie (2017) ::: short ::: Dynamic, new 30 -minute concept film reveals 10 important, implementable knowledge nuggets in an educational, entertaining and appealing style. This will help to search the "fight" sooner than later for successful results. A fighting entrepreneur appears in Aloft to get a 2-day stay cation to decompress and prepare for a speech. During her stay, she meets talks in which 10 important, implementable knowledge nuggets are unveiled, for which every new and existing entrepreneur have to prepare in order to achieve success earlier than later.
367 ::: 9-10: The Day Before (2011) ::: short ::: The first video footage of a family visit to the World Trade Center observation deck, as so many thousands of tourists until 9-10-01, the day before the 9-11 attacks. The director kept this picture for 10 years until he finally introduced here, added with the current calls of the 9-11 FDNY to show how the world changed so dramatic between 9-10 and 9-11.
368 ::: Dear Phone (1976) ::: short ::: A narrator tells a variety of particular stories involving characters with the HC initials and their relationships with phones. These are interspersed with artistic plans of telephone boxes in various places.
369 ::: Screen Snapshots Series 24, No. 4 (1944) ::: short ::: Alan Mewrray cleaning bread, leo Carlo shows the Rodeo her, Victor Consure shows that he takes a red industry, and a smile calling the people who make noise.
370 ::: Foe (2008) ::: short ::: Paul is trying to face an event that changes his life. He drank too much and lost a girl, and now a mysterious "enemy" has invaded his life. The worst part is that the intruder appears in Paul's heart. Paul believes that the intruder is not a reality, but this dark unknown person is still afflicting Paul. He feels he has lost his heart. When a stranger asks Paul to ask his reality, Paul releases his anger with sudden violent anger. This release ends with despair and confusion, as the stranger has disappeared. When a man similar to Paul's "enemy" comes to the door, Paul will decide to take his last action to remove this hammer.
371 ::: Ali vs. Stevenson: The Greatest Fight That Never Was (2014) ::: short ::: Brin-Jonathan Brupp-Jonathan Brudler, study Mohammed Ali and Teophilo Stevenson's match and "if heavy" is a great mythical "if heavy". The film has the last known interview before Stevenson's death.
372 ::: Je Proclame la Destruction (2015) ::: short ::: Two shots of Robert Bresson's movie "Le Diable ProbableMent" (1977) are repeated in the loop, creating a periodic and infinite Raccord. The endless repetition of the "JE Proclame La Destructing" (declaring destruction) reveals the universal and transcendental anakist mantra.
373 ::: American Women... Partners in Research (1960) ::: short ::: What do women want? Market research tells us that three out of four new home products fail in the market. Women help hats, gloves and pearls Corning with product research on style, interest and sales. They choose their favorites among newly designed coffee makers and try them in test kitchens. Rocket Research produces a new material; What products can be made with them and do people use it? Women come to the CorningWare Opinion Center, Corning, New York, to see and test the products: first product shape, then the taste of coffee; Track the effect tests, then home experiments. Corning repeats the process - determines the price. Sales test complete the course.
374 ::: Alter Ego (2007/II) ::: short ::: In a world without hope. On the Boulevard of broken dreams. Four characters will rise to take their fate. In the world of high bets on the Hollywood Boulevard costumed performance, being the best is a way of life and staying the best walk along the edge of the razors. When the fat child who plays the incredible Hulk disappears, four free guns will unite on a journey that will take them to the heart of evil or at least Rancho Kukamonga. But time is not on their side. Since the listening to six hours will be lost, will these characters get lost in their alternative ego?
375 ::: Was der Herr mir eingibt (2009) ::: short ::: "At some point, I noticed that I was in love with Jesus." Konrad and Michael are students of the Italian priests, and their daily lives are ordered by strict regulations. Where did the desire to be a priest come from? Can the love for God be an alternative to love for others? The documentary is immersed in the world behind the school wall, and young men talk about life, dreams, and doubts.
376 ::: Memory Lane (2007/II) ::: short ::: When a woman goes for a walk, the common signs in her environment begin to decide to leave her children. The backyard movie is also the director of the film Collective, the director of the Moses film Regular Giden Seaman. Moses and Seaman collaborated on the story using all the non-insulators and shot this cinema verse style during a cloudy day in Arlington, Texas. Real -life husband and wife, starring Janice and Danny Bishop.
377 ::: To Write Love on Her Arms (2014) ::: short ::: This is about the girl's struggle to get rid of her drug addiction. The struggle that he has to face is difficult, and the only way he can win in this struggle is to support his close and specific friends and most of all his desire to live.
378 ::: Goodbye Margaret (2016) ::: short ::: Goodbye to Margaret is a return to the personal poetic style of Niccolit Swift, which is the majority of her early photo. This piece is a love message to a dear friend who saw her during 20 years of her life, as well as a bachelors inspired by the struggle in order to say goodbye to one unnehiping object that was over the years he was a friend, family and home.
379 ::: The Lonely End of the Majestic Hotel: Hot Springs, Arkansas (2016) ::: short ::: Dan Bell and Kelzers will visit the last days of the historical crimper hotel in hot rooms. The Don system includes good information that this video is completely destroyed, the video was completely destroyed, completely destroyed this video The last footage was filmed once a beautiful hotel and resort.
380 ::: Polar (2009) ::: short ::: Louis (18) goes to his father for the first time in a remote holiday house in the mountains for the first time. Louis meets unexpectedly with his father's new family, whose existence neither imagined nor knew. On the sidelines, with anger between anger, lack of understanding and desire for emotional intimacy, Louis tries to pull his father out of his shell and fight.
381 ::: Right on Time (2013/II) ::: short ::: The story of a young couple, both of them in the last year, follows in time. Christmas approaches quickly and Robyn asks Jamie to spend the vacation with her parents. However, Jamie is not excessively enthusiastic because it once met her parents and it is too uncomfortable to repeat it. One night before Christmas, Jamie organizes a party with her best friend and roommate Pete, and an unexpected guest arrives to bring Jamie into a difficult situation.
382 ::: One Breath: The Story of William Trubridge (2012) ::: short ::: One spirit is a short documentary for William Trubridge, a world champion of free diving, a form of deep water immersion made without the help of external respiratory equipment. In 2011, Trubridge won the absolute award of the Freever world, naming it 'best around free around'. One spirit is the result of a few days spent with trubridge in the Bahamas, offering a unique look at his unusual and magical world.
383 ::: 50/50 (2006) ::: short ::: '50/50 'deliberately puts his protagonists-and its viewers-on a course of collision with the future of what unites us all: human genetics. Three women, each in agonizing, linked to one of the most cruel fate of nature: Huntington's disease. Now that genetic testing is improving our ability to predict the time and circumstances of our own death, how will human behavior be transformed? What will be the unintended consequences of the human genome project? And how can the worst thing that can happen to us turns out to be the best thing that has ever happened to us?
384 ::: Reflection (2017/VII) ::: short ::: Reflection is a quiet image that analyzes the way our physical world has created and that world has created us; We are shaped by the society we live in. Personal journey expressed in the reflective is somewhat a nightmare, which remembers himself from the inside.
385 ::: The Dynamists (2017) ::: short ::: The speakers are a short artist film, and twelve-breauttered boys and the Belgian poet and musician Angelo Perotti will take part in it. Prior to the arrival of a genre of genres, he has "passing procedures", seeks to deal with a sharp instability of a teenager and offers breaking and conflicts as an important part of growth.
386 ::: Did Someone Say Road Trip? (2014) ::: short ::: I just got back from the construction of the Califfornia's Business Street, I restored the accommodation for the plane and campground for the RV and Camp Midan. Is calculated path to mix and mixing of the business and function and non-acceptable California experience and the experience of the joint California.
387 ::: Union (1995) ::: short ::: Union descends to New York for 24 hours to explore some of its residents' lives. A taxi driver hits a bicycle. A homeless woman dies at Grand Central Station. The police officer who found a homeless woman remove anger at his young son.
388 ::: Radar Contact (2007) ::: short ::: This film shows work, power and power of Radar. By having understanding, the pilot can be more valuable. Indicates the cause of transposing systems of the time of the time is necessary for airplanes. The Archives may have different differences based on the first end.
389 ::: Living to Dream (2009) ::: short ::: The problems with which are confronted without papers are examined. Andrea, a student of sociology in basic studies, while discussing the difficulties related to her situation. Experts in the field of immigration deal with the reasons for the existence of the large population without papers, and Andreas Mother brings heartbreaking insights into the darkization process.
390 ::: Les demoiselles de Monceau (1987) ::: short ::: Walking to Monko Park, the man is attracted to the sight of two young women sitting on a bench. One is dressed in pink while the other wears blue. They invite the man to follow them, offering him a continuous sexual experience. Really very motionless.
391 ::: Absolution (2009/I) ::: short ::: Absolution is the story of a reverence, which is forced to come up with the death of his son. Through a brief encounter with his son's partner, Reverend finds absence unexpectedly through a long forgotten guitar gift.
392 ::: The Monetisation (2017) ::: short ::: In 8th of November 2016, the India Shri and Athend's Athend's Athend's Chras (Paid) and the correction of black, Mr. Moddi Ramanized 500 In 1000 Inr Notes.since Business is available in a large amount of money that will be done is to make it only one cwc plan.
393 ::: Lucid Love (2017) ::: short ::: 'Lucid Love' is a story about innocence and passion because a young girl is relieved to pass through her mother. Strong elements of beauty and pain are an example by the memories of the young women because she enters her journey. The small but meaningful gifts remaining by his mother are used by a young woman throughout the film, more illuminating that his small things are really important in our lives.
394 ::: Columbia Animal Cavalcade 1: Chimp-Antics (1952) ::: short ::: Murray Amsterdam acts as a guide and joke in this first entry into the new series of Cavalcade Columbia (Production Number 5651). Then they all go to a local recreation park where chimpanzees make more tricks.
395 ::: Creep 2 (2015) ::: short ::: Miranda wakes to find that she is in a room and handcuffed. She meets David and reveals that she is another victim of unfortunate, or more precisely the love of his interest. Will she be able to find a way of freedom from David's unortodox way to show how she likes someone?
396 ::: Ryde Share (2014) ::: short ::: A desperate Ryde distributor, Mark, experiences what he suspects, the meast shift of all time. Until he absorbs Ali, who proves that how car trips and car trips are best shared when it is shared. Ryde Share is a contemporary short film that the current phenomenon with Ride portion/personal taxi as a vehicle for the story of a heartwarming story.
397 ::: Satin and Silk (2003) ::: short ::: DVD DVD Documentary Details This Music Manufacturing 1957 MGM, "Silk Stockings". Hosting his movie Cyd Charisse, the movie behind the scenes of the scenes on how this film made interviews with music director Andrei Previn and supported the actress Janis Paige.
398 ::: Frost (2006) ::: short ::: A man wearing a black cap in the city hangs on every cafe;. But people remove it by thinking that they bring it misfortune. But he wants to meet a woman before she dies. It has a packet in your hand. Finally he goes to the cafe, and sitting at the table. He listens to the voices of the inside, and they have the same feelings. Then he wants a phone. But maybe everything is in its imagination, the following moves in the garden, a seat with Martha and many letters between the dead leaves.
399 ::: Jeg dig elsker (2005) ::: short ::: The film tells the story of a young man fleeing on her wedding day, follows his passion and accepts the consequences. In this chamber drama dance we express the main character, James, his beloved Silf and their inner and external resistance in the witch.
400 ::: Sarah Winchester, opéra fantôme (2016) ::: short ::: An opera ballet that does not exist. A spooky piece, played in Opera Bastille and danced in Opera Garnier, an almost mystical link between the two scenes, a musician test sounds in the well of Bastille, the choir takes their place in the rehearsal studio, both sides can be coordinated. Work in execution of an opera ballet: Sarah Winchester, her grief, her madness, her house and her spirits.
401 ::: Transistor (2000) ::: short ::: Transistor video footage as a structural model: Michaela Schwentner's video for a "transistor" from the Vienna Radian music trio was in a certain sense in reverse, moving from illustrated music to an abstract blueprint that could have been used for both media. At the visual level, a transistor reveals a rhythmic plan that has a close affinity with music in its temporarily curved geometry. While most conventional visualizations in sound are overlapped to create additional sensory and intellectual levels-placing images on audio-electronic production methods and image / sound interfaces Their allow the use of a completely new approach. Transistor shows an excellent model for direct sound and image coupling. Accompanied by short and chopped segments of sound fragments, geometric works appear with the same grocery, as in a visual staccato: hollow picture frames, lines and plans in various intensities, light, light, semi-light, bold , bold, extra levels, etc. Words, individual validity and quality of the basic elements of digital (graphics) processes are exposed in the transistor. This not only puts a visual matrix under the sound of rasping, eruptive as a foundation, but also reveals the underlying quality similar to the matrix, the function of locking in digital culture as the interface that contains the graphic elements And acoustic have always been wrapped. If the structural film has traditionally proceeded from the assumption that the visible world can be reduced to a geometric and conceptual image, Schwentner will restore these processes of reduction: a type of dynamic structural model of an e-culture that is sharing the genre is visible. (Christian Höller)
402 ::: Ground Effect (2016) ::: short ::: The ground effect is a superficial investigation of a series of locations along the constantly displaced line, 80 km long line in Israel/Palestine under which rainfall reaches less than 200 mm per year on average. This line, which matches the global desert belt, cuts from the east, near the west coast, to the west, near the Gaza belt. It is where I grew up, an area divided between industrial agriculture, nature conservation, ancient and last ruins, Bedouin cities, fields and olive trees, artificial pine forests planted in contested lands and villages and villages Destroyed, Jewish rural communities and military practice areas, and areas of military practice, and military practice areas, and areas of military practice,. This area is appropriately called "Shoreline Conflict" by architect and theorist Eyal Weizman in his latest book of the same name. The process used to create work involves scanning and compression of the surface of the earth (from wild and cultured plants, to dust, to Hebrew tombs and Bedouin, to wall reservoirs, military monuments and border fences) through High Air Videos of the waist, while being observed by him by an algorithm that directed unmanned drone similar to what a military drone would use to isolate movement from a noisy background. In the main moments in parts, geological images appear, similar to example, layers and moving-these build a process for delayed, panoramic 'straps' video that I have developed for a series of city-run 'scans' I have done in the past years all over the world.
403 ::: Strike (2009/I) ::: short ::: Owen loves Tienpin Bowl, usually for Meggie, the effortlessly beautiful waitress in the Alley Café. Unhappy for him, Meggie is already going out with Chance, a bully expert Bowler who makes Owen nervous and awkward on the lanes. But one day Owen finds a strange matchbox in his pair of rental shoes, within his four magical matches that help him in more than just his play.
404 ::: Eason (2016) ::: short ::: As part of the 100th anniversary of a large company in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the Eson, entrusted by a Skive Video Center, is roughly based on the life of James Walker Food (1886-1923), a long-standing member of the University of Filadelphia. Masu.
405 ::: Life on Earth (2009/I) ::: short ::: Against the clever urban background of Los Angeles, "Life Eration does not mean" is a story about LEA, an 18 -year -old girl of the guardian's care system "aging". With no family or financial assistance, LEA and other girls in the house are instructed to get menial service jobs by their social worker Tamika. But when Lee inspires an unexpected place, she turns her new perspective into a rebellion that will bring hope to other girls.
406 ::: Urban Groove (2011) ::: short ::: In search of tremors and good time, two friends record their night adventures in the big city, but when they work for the camera, things go beyond control. Do fun and cool characters construct or reveal dark sides to their personalities?
407 ::: Year of the Rat (2001) ::: short ::: After being lost for a long time, the woman returned to Chinatown to make peace with the woman who leaves behind. When he finds the streets of Los Angeles during the New Year's Parade, he is struck by images and is shining with shame, hope and memories of the release.
408 ::: House (2004) ::: short ::: The house is a trial film. The film uses a 50 -arch nuclear test film of the Precious Archives and re -edits the audio and video. Root in Surrealism 20 French and 80 industrial music, home in the world of wealth and poverty has aroused the feeling of home and displaced atmosphere.
409 ::: No Humans Involved (1993) ::: short ::: "No Humans" examines the shocking, superficial police examination of the murders of 45 women in San Diego between 1985 and 1990. Director Simeon Hutner provides the emotional devastation of the parents of women with the cold -hearted assumptions of local law enforcement officers nobody would be about women take care of many drug users, prostitutes or transients. A terrifying indictment against a system in which police officers as "nhis" - "no people are involved".
410 ::: Herr och fru Stockholm (1920) ::: short ::: The story is about how the family has been destroyed by fire and how the Paul U. Burgstrom (pub) staff has helped. Greta was assigned the role of the eldest daughter who came to the pub with his family to replace the lost wardrobe.
411 ::: Rogue (2001) ::: short ::: The atrocities committed on behalf of the Emperor have forced Commander Jake Dinn to join the cause of rebellion. A career military officer Dinn has intimate knowledge of codes, occupation plans and imperial Navy tactics. Flying into the Nosphere system, Dinn is ruthlessly followed by imperial forces intended to bring it to justice ...
412 ::: Monsieur William, les traces d'une vie possible (2001) ::: short ::: On July 22, 1969, Simon Edelman was detained in Richmond Hospital in the Faculty of Nerve Glas, and was transferred: "I was abandoned, confused, and confused. Identity is unknown." We know that he is French. The nurse baptes Monsille William to him.
413 ::: A Menina-Espantalho (2008) ::: short ::: Luzia and her family live on a farm across Brazil's country. When his brother starts to go to school, Luzia wants to join her, but is told by her father that she is not allowed because she is a girl. Luzia is determined to find a way of learning how to read, even if it contains a little trick
414 ::: As the Jet Engine Recalls (2016) ::: short ::: The image engineer takes its name from the basic physics law: Each action is followed by equal, opposition reactions. Therefore, as this front goes forward, he comes after. Between two-time zones, between the mind and sleeping mind, the plane between the white noise and sound of the plane between the white noise and the sound is unplugged by four inherits.
415 ::: Instruction by Correspondence (1909) ::: short ::: Bertine brown, weakly thoughtful young man is hard. He must make "how fast and correspondence to the online newspaper," the statement reads. The first lesson says that he wants to save his life for his life. He takes such a man, Mr. Mr. Mr. and save him throughout the city. Money bags are suspected, and brown were arrested as an anarchy with humorial intentions. Not defined by failure, it takes a second lesson, which tells him to save the heir. He is a servant that he is watching and seen him in front of a rich girl, to see it out, and save it outside many of the people. The third lesson will save him rich, old servant, and if you need to fire the building near the building. He hides under the rich old lady. With this intention, but found as a pirate, but found, they missed the persistence and left in prison.
416 ::: Spic and Span (1950) ::: short ::: This is a short comedy for fast -eating housewives trying to maintain the span of her house. Unfortunately, her devil -like son (Gary Gray) can be ruined faster than she can clean.
417 ::: Reflection (2017/VII) ::: short ::: Reflection is a quiet movie that analyzes the way we created a physical world, and that world has created us. We are formed by the society where we live. A personal journey expressed in reflection is like a nightmare that changes yourself from inside.
418 ::: Back to the Wind: The Danny Gilyeat Motorcycle Makeover Project (2008) ::: short ::: SSGT. Daniel Giliet; The US M.C. In February 2008, he became the recipient of the housing home makover. Later, his friends decided to do the same for his motorcycle, he could no longer travel. Danny is talking about his encounter, that is. It blew up his leg, as well as his career. Motorcycle fabricators show how they take a $ 1,000 Harley sportster and turn it into an elegant art, and complete with a hand grenade shifter to keep his missing leg.
419 ::: Living to Dream (2009) ::: short ::: The topics that students face without university degrees have been discussed. Andrea, an undergraduate sociology student, while discussing the problems about his situation. Experts in the field of immigration have the reasons for the large population without the evidence of Andre's mother to a darker insight into the dark.
420 ::: La comtesse noire (1913) ::: short ::: Life smiles at Dr. Raymond Marty: He works as a researcher with Professor Monbel, a man he deeply admires. At personal level things are fine, as he is ready to marry Germaine, the profit daughter. But life returns sour the day Madame Reinher, a dangerous vamp, puts her young images. And while Raymond rejects it persistently, the Embertered siren decides to compromise it in the presence of his future father. It unfortunately attracts it, which makes Montel break the engagement. With a broken heart, Raymond, however, resists the renewed attacks of the devilish Countess. But things, good or bad, must end and one day the tide returns: Lili, Mrs. Reinher's little daughter, happens to be seriously ill and her life is saved only thanks to the joint efforts of Martil and Monbel, who have been sent For thanks to the two men, Countess eventually brings herself to confess the bad deception she played in Raymond.
421 ::: Watashi ga chinmoku suru toki (2008) ::: short ::: Les -taught novel Kaiko is in the process of writing her first novel while packing to go with his lesbian girlfriend Ri. Kaiko seems to be uncertain about this action, but she is unable to express the underlying problems for what she feels like in her writing. Kyoko understands Kaiko's fears better than Kaiko, as described by the story of Re, Semi -Autobiographical.
422 ::: Love Over Coffee (2016) ::: short ::: Dinha, 30 yr primary. Biggest Successful Clearance Novel, a woman who is freely living in the world of imagination. The fear of abandonment is actually helping her place behind her books of the storyline. Although he is walking on her exercise dinner, it takes her phobia. Encourage him to encourage him to encourage him to encourage the promise to go to go. He enters the airport and found a coffee shawalin where he gets closer to her last novel. Robert, the 30th Miley Business Man is required to meet with Mrs. Lester. Despite her resistance she gets his autograph. Danny arrived in her desk just to the table only to the table by Robert that may have a agenda that may change everything. Dinalaga will be rebuilt with her fate again? Will the strange fan gift will change her heart?
423 ::: A Tale of Toxins vs. Resistance (2013) ::: short ::: "The Story of Toxins Vsus Anti -Resistance", allows people to dynamism between toxic species and their prey, many of which develops strong resistance to the poison that they can overcome. But just as some animals become more resistant, toxic creatures develop from ever through natural selection. In this way, the competition of life and death between species takes some aspects of the human armament race.
424 ::: Foundations (2016) ::: short ::: Belle is thought that he's a writer, but in fact that nothing is to do with his life. With / disable friend to Ben is funny, upite and don't have fun, and writing a plan that is careful with thoughts, stories and ideas. Better wet seeks to be free, and be the head of Ben. Two two people separately, can you find happiness and start healing and go to their injuries? Stand as flocking wall, 'Settings' is a movie about family friendships, to learn to be treated.
425 ::: Dedashka (2008) ::: short ::: This movie is for my grandfather Michael Sherbak and his memories of being an Ost-Arter (German for Eastern worker) during World War II. He and his family were taken from Ukraine, who at the time part of the USSR to work at slaves for slaves in Germany. When the photos began, he began to develop Alzheimer's dementia and disease. This deconstruction of his memories has become an integral element of history.
426 ::: The Predestined (2016) ::: short ::: When a father and his daughter decided to make a hiking trip, things do not happen as expected. Lia (Jamaa Burgess) world seems to be normal until reality takes a new way. She faces unusual obstacles and loneliness. She finds what she really needs to be a human being in a world who thinks she knows.
427 ::: I morgen spiser vi hos mig (2010) ::: short ::: "Stories about Aarhus" are the result of a mutual partnership between directors and songwriters. The songwriter's songs replace the traditional manuscript and take the director in a completely new way. All movies were taken to the orchus in 24 hours and all of them lasted for three to ten minutes. "Heger", writer / musician / musician and a talented animated film director and talented animated film director and talented animated film director, as Ane, Rue T. Kidde and Ane, because of a group, participated in each other.
428 ::: To Remember Me By (2018) ::: short ::: Young young people return to India after completion of its finished course in the USA. It was lost and uncomfortable and around her, he receives a love of love from her grandmother, a beautiful box - Knick. Andland found something to be delighted. What helps him resolve it in ancient times. The water comes from far away from the ground. And symbols of the monument, he detects the camera on camera 8mm, not used in the way since his father's death. By can be identified with the Jammamma camera, it continues to find someone to leave the movie. This pursuit will rotation when it reached the Studio Old Country in the Heritage of British Kermort now. However, the owner of Octlorians and an Anandan shares something in the relationship.
429 ::: Beyond the Barricades (2016) ::: short ::: A young couple, Series (Natalie Williams) and Dylan (Kieran Thomas) meet at the next nightclub to end their relationship. When Dylan confesses to be one in the guilt, the Series once reminds them of a good time. Soon, they decide to keep their differences on the side and restart their relationships.
430 ::: Fuzzy Little People (2007) ::: short ::: The film-maker garis fuozi's little people offer a significant review of the shelter in the United States, whereas the views to indicate the property of the responsible property. The film also a pleasure to look at most attractive animals that to love a care family and home in the secret. Annecade Dimon, DVM and Kate Thomas in the middle, in spite of animal stars, bond t. The cat and Leo cat.
431 ::: Tanaka (2002) ::: short ::: The Mennia Tanka is sent to the Australia in Japan to care for his brother's funeral and return the man. When the man's wife dissolves to be another male Thaka is torn between culture and culture.
432 ::: Kermis - Ode aan de ongedwongenheid van het bestaan (2009) ::: short ::: Funny movie concentrated in a person's condition: Children's symbol. The simplicity of young people full of care. Smiled smile. Momentaryity. Groom ... but also Melancholia and vulnerabilities. As a metaphor of heating life.
433 ::: Was der Herr mir eingibt (2009) ::: short ::: "At a certain point I realized that I loved Jesus." Konrad and Michael are students at a priestly seminary in Italy, where their daily routine is ordered by strict regulations. Where does the desire to be a priest come from? Can the love of God be a substitute love for another person? The documentary leaves the world after the walls of schools that allow young men to talk about their thoughts, dreams and doubts in life.
434 ::: O Balé da Chuva (2014) ::: short ::: Lala (Ariaan Gomes) has trouble sleeping during a stormy night. In a fickle and loving manner, his mother Eugenia (Leticia Sabtela) teaches him how not to fear nature, while talking about Lala's deceased father (Andrew Nall) for the first time (Andrew Nall).
435 ::: One Thousand Words (2001) ::: short ::: Through a photo hanging on a gallery wall, three observers use the figure as a vehicle to connect stories separated through the picture. A picture of a visible depression man hangs on the wall of a photo gallery. An unknown male observer enters the frame. After a moment of concentration on the man's face, we were transported (though a transition) to a house where the man in the photograph, Chris, is talking to his wife. The conversation interrupted with violent cough. As we get to know Chris and Beth, we find a very happy and productive relationship. Chris and Beth discuss their plans for a bright future. It becomes clear that they have a bright future together. We also discover that Beth is pregnant. The story will then go back and return when we find out that Chris is diagnosed with cancer and has been living for six months. This first act closes with Chris in a very desperate park. Although a similar transition we have returned to the art gallery. A woman and her son now take his place in front of the picture. Through the next two acts, we are told a story about a family fighting divorce. Women, Rose and her son Phil tell separate stories, each of their view. Photography and fades in black. Suddenly we have been shown to be a park bench as if a lens lid has just been removed. An invisible operator changes the involvement and concentration of the camera. Suddenly the man from the picture goes to the frame and is positioned in the bench. Short fires and "man in photography" gets a self -portrait. History has a fundamental theme. "What you see is not necessarily what you get" and "don't judge a book by its cover."
436 ::: South Bureau Homicide (1996) ::: short ::: Two LAPD detectives are forced to adjust their aggression with compassion while investigating the unconscious murder of a promising internal-school high school student.
437 ::: Yapi (2016) ::: short ::: Greece is covered with concrete tumors - Yapi, half -finished buildings left in permanent Limbo, skeleton structures such as temples for a number of obscure future gods. People don't speak explicitly about them or they really seem to see. They have just grown from the landscape, a symptom of European change. The Yapia arises from their uncertainty and grows to live a life of its own. The future of their meaning, and their moment, are for the taking.
438 ::: Sokyo (2000) ::: short ::: Office employee and a transaction trip to a free train station in a farmland. As it sat and wait for the next train and a woman who will disappear. He decided to see the city until the last time he asked where he was in the reason.
439 ::: Keeping It Good (2007) ::: short ::: Cherry and his wife Benjamin, after escaping from their criminal past, lived the life of Los Angeles Street and settled in the small agricultural community of Wasalia. For five years of clean and vigilant and expecting their first child, everything is looking for this young couple. This is as long as it re -enters your life. Returns, Benjamin and Cherry. In fact, it is because of the zinc that Benjamin spent many years in prison. On a wannabe sopranos that is always looking for the next big score. He has now set up a meeting with Benjamin and is seeking to bring him back to his former life. For the unknown Benjamin, the cherry alone meets with the approach. Using any argument he can, he prays to destroy and leave them to his new life. He refuses. When it turned out that the zinc was not supposed to leave them in peace, the cherry would kill him and pour his body into a local tank with his car. He then returns to his home as he and Benjamin will continue in his new life.
440 ::: Maggie's Not Here (2006) ::: short ::: Chronically undecided Maggie works in a sleepy college city a lengthy job. She believes that she between Richard, whom she loves, and Luke, with whom she likes to sleep, only to find out that none of them is the source of her accident or her intense, inexplicable pain during sex.
441 ::: Malfeasance (2009) ::: short ::: Erik's "abuse" follows a naive and obsessive-compulsive young man with a sick father who has collecting costly medical bills. Since the current president is running his propaganda propaganda, Eric pledges his re -election prospect and help him provide the American people. Eric decides to become a member of an agency that depicts a terrorist act to eliminate a travel train bridge, and believes that the plan enables the president to act heroic at the time of the country. Under the eye of a secret agent, Eric follows a cabin to change everything.
442 ::: Defying Gravity (1999) ::: short ::: A young scientist discovers a mysterious computer program that is "designed for design". If a dubious developer takes the program and the program develops its own life, the scientist has to take the matter into his own hands and conquer his fears by "contradicting gravity".
443 ::: Warriors of the Net (1999) ::: short ::: For the first time in history, people and machines work together, to feel sleepy. An unified force that identifies any geographical limits. Regardless of the race, luck or color. A new period where communications really collects people. It's a traptop.
444 ::: Leila (2009) ::: short ::: Leela inspires our dreams, speaks with our soul and creativity. Leela always reminds us of looking for our inner light. Three graces in Greek mythology are juice daughters. They refer to brightness, abundance & happiness. Leela is the testimony of daydreaming dreams, the experimental modernization of the three grace. Leela is modern kind. Inspect our dreams, speaking with our soul and creativity.
445 ::: Who's the Top? (2005) ::: short ::: Is Alixe and Gwen's sexual disagreement the cause of their problems, or are their problems the cause of their sexual disagreement? And how should an artist cherish her vision: by looking for adventures on the edge or by staying at home and writing poems? What is more real, our fantasies, or what we actually do? In who is the top? There are no correct answers, only musical songs.
446 ::: The Chozen (2011) ::: short ::: The chosen is that the story is moving to a new school about 9 -year -old Mathilda and is afraid to make new friends again. The Midnight Girlz (the coolest girls at school) are interested in Mathilda and soon Mathilda discovers that one of "the chosen" is not what she thought it would be .....
447 ::: Rip Van Winkle (1903/II) ::: short ::: RIP Vevink, a Life American man, one day of the dog's wolf goes to the mountains of the rabbit, where he is considering the odd group of men and playing the package. She breaks down some of their mysterious. When he wake up under a tree he found that it's over 20 years and things are very different. It's an attractive story about how the US has not been changed due to civilian war, only did not say on one other and subture type.
448 ::: Inside the Biosphere (1991) ::: short ::: Virtual stadicum rides within the foreign biomes of biosphere 2 and a live quarter. The biosphere was a fully closed, self-hedge geodesic dome with 8 "biosphere". The film offers an attractive glimpse within the most unique "living planet" on earth.
449 ::: Tyttönen (2006) ::: short ::: A young girl is sitting in the room. While she walks in the hallway and asks who wants to play with her, she recognizes only the old man hanging around the table. Suddenly a young man arrives. This is a short movie inspired by the fate of a filmmaker's grandmother who became sick with Alzheimer's disease. This small movie tells the story of how different the treatment of old and their illnesses is different.
450 ::: Son (2015/II) ::: short ::: Jianfang and her husband had their son, Doudou for six years before he was missing. The couple searched for a long time. Four years later, when he was discovered by the police, his mother refused to recognize his son that his son was suffering from extreme pain from a trafficking trader. Chan did not see a couple for six years until he met a new child.
451 ::: Days in the Yellow Leaf (1989) ::: short ::: Producer Marzano recounts an excerpt from Thomas Wolfe "Look Homeward Angel", while the image of the girl with flax hair is dissolved in the overlaps on the water and other scenes of nature.
452 ::: Not Suited for Change (2011) ::: short ::: Dioni's indifference to his girlfriend is the end of his love story, covering his deep, insufficient world and human relationships. With a random encounter with a successful confident man, Marco, Dioni believes he has found a model to imitate him to become the person who wants to be always. Unfortunately, imitating Marco's identity and ultimately stealing is not useful for Dioni to make the dreams he dreamed. What is not suitable for changes is a short journey to human anxiety and illusion. The ironic and delicate sense of humor reminds me of this movie trying to do something different from who we are.
453 ::: Erika (2010) ::: short ::: Erika gets very confused and without knowing where she is. It is tied to a chair in a dark room with a clear lamp light and the sound of an underground train in the background. She is terribly scared. As time goes by, its pain increases and also its uncertainty. She falls into a delirium that extends with her reflections on her life of prostitution and the evil life given to her daughter. After intense internal drama, you finally find a way to get rid of herself, but she doesn't know what's on the other side of the door.
454 ::: Angel (1967) ::: short ::: Turned in a style of surreal photography with a negative in the negative, we see a man, a woman and a dog alternately put on a pair of fabric wings as they seriously in a concern in the world.
455 ::: Sea Beggars (1994) ::: short ::: The myth of the Sea beggars night, when no one can be awake and biney will be locked up on demons, the crown in moss and barnacles, rises from the sea, and slash manually into the dark houses - and the trembling wives are waiting - and Cocold is asleep. The wife of a sea beggar Parson falls in love with the perversion of the town, and he removes every drop of life from the deceased and romantic specter of the sea.
456 ::: L'écrin du rajah (1906) ::: short ::: In his palace, the Rajah jewelry coffin is stolen by an evil magician. The henchmen of the Rajah are looking for the valuable coffin and find them hidden in a cave, and the coffin rises a variety of dancing girls, who in turn dance for the joy of Rajah to end the film.
457 ::: Shaun Palmer: The Miserable Champion (2015) ::: short ::: The miserable champion is a shocking portrait of one of the most notorious athletes of all time, action sports hero Shaun Palmer. This Tell-All film reveals Shaun from birth to almost fatal overdose to his comeback to make the 2006 Olympic team.
458 ::: Bitter Natives (2014) ::: short ::: When an older lady is missing in the coastal house of Danny, his moving best friend Ethan takes the opportunity to fill her space. Unhappy events begin to follow when their friendship is tested and the missing person starts to be the least of their problems.
459 ::: Sonic Man (2006) ::: short ::: A so -called superhero is sent deep in the forest of Watoto where he has to look for a legendary trainer. Will he survive and rise the rigorous and unorthodox training to the ranks of a real superhero? Only time will learn it, but this is certain, it will be more than he negotiated.
460 ::: Illusion (2009/I) ::: short ::: Joseph woke up from com to find that he has a baby and the anniversary of life. Joseph strikes for my great opportunity, Joseph splashed in Stephanie to get assurance that he is seeing. The evidence is near to the home of Joseph of Joseph later commits these criminals.
461 ::: The Delivery Man (2007/I) ::: short ::: “You let the criteria fall like this, and the next raw is pride. Once you lose pride, you may also be buried, because you are a dead man walking. This is where we are now: an entire country from F %@Kin 'Zombies.” This is how Jimmy says - a criminal Professional for the type of "thinking" - while staring at the window windshield of Cadillac, it is filled with hamburger and fried potatoes. He lectures an audience of one of them - Suzy Suleiman - a teenage prostitute who is currently suffering from commitment, blindfolded, and complemented in the back seat. After Jimmy's philosophical appetite, he starts with a long car to the middle of any place to complete the job that was appointed to do, and Susi handed over to a warehouse and a group of men whose final intentions remain for the girl, at least has a mystery. Once he enters, Jimmy is praised for his work. Its salaries are wonderful - nearly twice as much as he promised. Everything is fine in the world of Jimmy. Another criminal ladder, money in his pocket, and the beautiful naive girl from the state of Idahu is about to learn a lesson that "installation" will be divided forever. However, he might suddenly realize as he taught the "scene" around the warehouse, and they will do more than just "teach her a lesson." When Jimmy finally learns about her real fate, he must make a decision: take money and run, or stay and try to save Suzy Suleiman? A bit bitten criminal is employed to kidnap a girl from outside the streets and hand her to a warehouse in the middle of anywhere. Exactly what will happen to her when he gets a mystery; And when he finally discovers, he has second ideas about completing the job.
462 ::: It's Cricket, No? (2011) ::: short ::: All over the world around the bright sport, so far from many dollars, special types of cricket pricket makes history in his own way. Follow the Cricket Cricket to pursue their dreams as the most common in India has achieved. To play for the city, honing, suffer. Is it cricket, no?
463 ::: "Inside NCIS" (2012) ::: short ::: "Inside NCIS" is a new web series. This web series offers exclusive access to the NCIS world, on CBS.com and the CBS Audience Network. The series of eight episodes will offer an interior overview of how the show goes from the page to the TV screen, with everything, from the music selection process to the implementation of the extras that play corpses!
464 ::: Check Out Time: Another Dirty Room 11 Commentary + Crazy Lady Bonus Footage! (2017) ::: short ::: Dan Bell, Will Cruiski and Rick Sera review the dirt scene in the disgusting swan motel in Haveltorp, MD. Until they checked the notorious Royal Inn on Detroit, it is the oldest motel room they have ever visited. In a series dedicated to the opening of the most famous motel and hotel rooms in America, it really says something. This "time checking" not only adds accents to the black lights with a comment, but includes bonus frames of the crazy lady who also stopped. This addition to the "Cheak Out Time" series is a cover piece to the corresponding "other dirty room 11".
465 ::: Deep Vain (2005) ::: short ::: The bloody story of what can happen when a man goes to sleep, wakes up, discovers that his girlfriend flies back home at midnight and his colleague tells him that air travel m ' It still exists. He tucks a newspaper under his arm and goes to work.
466 ::: H, the Story of Hazel F Williams (2015) ::: short ::: The movie depending on the life and memories of vim hazel f Williams and search for accepting family, you love to her daughter. Let us look at the division of history, we grow important and learn what important things have Hazel, who is today.
467 ::: 4th Street Poker (2007) ::: short ::: This dark comedy resembles a rounders, which comes from the status of the Devils Advocate. In all, no show, Starling and Futura represent the most extreme players in Texas Holdam's card game. When the game takes an interesting turn, their life turns upside down and stakes are taken to reel life assets rather than chips. The characters continue to fight with each other and their addiction can literally put them in line.
468 ::: Living Pictures (1900/VI) ::: short ::: It is a series of commendable living paintings, presented by competent artists, and honestly represents famous art works. At the opening of each picture, the curtain is thrown by two pages to one side, the picture remains for a small interval in the full representative, and the curtains are drawn. In other words, these living pictures are shown exactly like the first class Wadeville theaters, and were designed with equal care. "Night," by Louis Fallo. "After bathing," by matrowsky.
469 ::: Jorge Marin: Mi Mundo Mi Arte (2005) ::: short ::: George Marines is a successful Mexican, a slacking maxican, who was engaged from outside, and the soul of his stomach appears for the world. We believe that we have taken a moment of the creative life and holding the biggest creation of his hundreds. This movie is a window to his soul that makes art for the world to feel.
470 ::: Achnai's Oven (1999) ::: short ::: This film is 15 minutes to shown a few times a day in the theater, and 6 high screen encourages his audience. The room, built for this movie, is part of a large museum in the museum city of Katssen's old, where the Sanhedrine holds their organization. The movie is rising and famous painting of the Armai box, the argument of many see the foundation of the democratic government.
471 ::: Ana's Chronotope (2003) ::: short ::: "Ana's Chronotope" is an experimental meditation about writing and the process of memory, which is embodied by the words and experiences of Ana, the main character of this film. In order to understand her abusive past in the isolated surroundings of rural Texas, an Asian-American woman reads a script that was written by her stepfather.
472 ::: Wie Ninette zu ihrem Ausgang kam (1913) ::: short ::: When a mistress in the house ordered Ninnet to wash a large clothing and iron it, fold them and put them on the cupboard, and the Ninette sheds tears. She was planning to spend the night with her fiancé soldiers, but this is impossible now. The soldiers arrive, recognize the problem, and slide down. After a while, he came back in a powder box. With this, washing, ironing, and folding are made immediately, and happy pairs slip down. When the mistress steps into the room, she is surprised to find the already done work. Ninnet and Soldier return with the advertising poster of the washing powder no -bozon.
473 ::: The Mother Hen (2008) ::: short ::: The mother chicken tells the story of an American widow whose life has been changed by a casual encounter with a Spanish immigrant mother and her baby. Dana Miller is a widow and lives from a lonely existence. Her world is turned upside down when she meets Paula Torres, a young Spanish mother whose family has been torn apart by an immigration.
474 ::: Störkraft (2014) ::: short ::: Störkraft is an experimental animation, hand-drawn created to accompany a piece of abstract music. It is an exploration of colors, shapes, and textures and serves as a visual expression of its sounding counterpart. The piece was inspired by the abstract works of Norman McLaren and Oskar Fithinger.
475 ::: Nasser (2005) ::: short ::: The political and political is two lessons in Palestinian-born in the Mother Mother. His father, instructant and contributing yesaser gave his father only to his son in New York City after 9/11. The next story is an indication of a number of immigrants, no sleep, tall, small, low costs and fights. The manuscript applies to the NASER in the case of self-assured life. You have been tied up and tears and tears fall on it at any time. Within 30 naser's thirty day or expelled her to his employer, across last test to pay his debt.
476 ::: A Hearts Desire (2016) ::: short ::: Patrick Miller had always hated Jaylen, but they were friends of primary school. But Jaylen went down to the street and saw the life of the gangs, so their friendship has become a source of sadness. It was a rude, with cheese hands and sloppy lips and always suspended under his gang brothers acting as if gang life was the best life to live. His friends saw him as a puffy friend. Patrick went to Jaylen and thought about their growth and their environment. The sun shone like a heated oven. The next day, coming back from school, Patrick saw something in the distance, or rather someone. It was Jaylen's figure. Jaylen was a thoughtless friend with potted hands and dreaded hair. Patrick swollen. He was not prepared for Jaylen. While Patrick was approaching Jaylen, he could see the wicked shining in his eyes. "I am here because I want to make him join our street gang," cried Jaylen, in a nasty tone. He leaned closer to Patrick's chest. "You should join our gang and earn a little bit of this money," nobody does not want Patrick Miller. "Patrick looked back, heading for the house, while Jaylen and his gang brothers continued to tighten the fence." Patrick, join us now and forget your dreams of sport, and earn this money, "shouted Jaylen. They looked at each other with shocked feelings, when the two haunted and looked at each other." I'm sorry, but I can't join the street gang, "he explained, in pity tones. Jaylen looked irritable while Patrick rushed out.) To violence.
477 ::: Theatre in the Round (2017) ::: short ::: The avant -garde film director suffering from Tourette Syndrome will spread the boundaries through guerrilla film production, and will ruthlessly cast unreasonable homeless men with meaningless short films. This virtual reality short is immersed in the middle of an independent movie crew in the 1970s and captures subjects, places, and crew members from a 360 -degree perspective.
478 ::: Awake (2003/II) ::: short ::: A man wakes up in the stroke. But how awake is he as he traverses his morning routine in a house that is wrong? His call of awakening reaches the form of an increasingly wild Samaritan, driven into extreme tools of encouragement. A vague tale of self-induced regret, serving as a warning to those who settle in a half-sleep life.
479 ::: Making of 'Fantastic Four' (2005) ::: short ::: This short film clip, behind the shots behind the curtain, and Alba, Chiklis, Group, Producers Ralph Winter and AV Ard, Director Tim Story, Visual Effects Producer Cur Kurt Williams, Visual Effects Supervisors Alan Maglid and Peter Obirdor, and Actor Chris Evensor There are comments from. And Julian McMahon.
480 ::: Ryde Share (2014) ::: short ::: A desperate Ryde distributor, Mark, experiences what he suspects, the meast shift of all time. Until he absorbs Ali, who proves that how car trips and car trips are best shared when it is shared. Ryde Share is a contemporary short film that the current phenomenon with Ride portion/personal taxi as a vehicle for the story of a heartwarming story.
481 ::: Back to School: I'm Paying to Be Educated, Not Indoctrinated (2016) ::: short ::: A poli-km-dram- political comedy with a lot of drama as well. This is the story of a 50-year-old white man who decided to return to school at the Urban Community College, Isaac Deljado Community College-is not only to go to school but to obtain a classroom in the production of television and video, as sales for the cinema school where liberalism and political health may be worse than Most universities are in universities. This short short film will highlight some of the many meetings that this student who returned with some of his university professors, coaches and student colleagues faced. Everything ends well with the student gets the degree of colleagues, but things may get worse with the student's readiness to move to a four -year traditional college, in New Orleans, to complete his degree in the cinematic school.
482 ::: 30-70 (2017) ::: short ::: A man is somewhere in the middle of an identity crisis, trying to figure out whether he is a 30 -year -old teenager, he argues with his future self at 70 on the consequences of the decision he made to kill a child. During a conversation with his young man he is already reflecting what he has done in 30 years. Only one of them know that it is true and the other is magic. A young, desperate woman shows and changes the equation.
483 ::: Princess Ali (1895) ::: short ::: In the background there are three supervisors, one who beats a tambourine, another who plays a flute and the third (only partially visible) blows. In the foreground, Princess Ali, dressed in North African clothing and waves with a scarf in each hand, dances; After a slow bend, she puts the scarves on her shoulders, looks out at the camera and waves waves. Then, rhythmically, she turns around again.
484 ::: This Riel Business (1974) ::: short ::: In a theater in Regina, Canada, a performance about the rebellion of the Northwest during the opening of Canada's West by the White Columns, is shown to an audience of Indians and Méis. We see scenes from the show and comments from the members of the audience.
485 ::: Chroniques labradoriennes (1967) ::: short ::: In an area intended to be symbolic of "East of Goose Bay, the former capital of Labrador", Ubald and his four young "simple camarada" (including the director) come for a period of indoctrination and training. Ubald wants to "deced them for everything that is not communism" to get rid of themselves from the "evil of the century". He reminds us that "Labrador was stolen in 1927" and that we must be politically involved. So, there is Mutiny and the "soldiers" almost killing their leader. Shooting a crashing primitive aircraft.
486 ::: Anicca Sanpaku (2012) ::: short ::: The term Anicca expresses the Buddhist notion that all conditional existence, without exception, is in a constant state of impermanence. The ever -present duality of human nature arises extreme in the way of modern living. Humanity is dreaming, drowning in illusions and lies presented by the media and social conditioning. Anicca Sanpaku is a prospect of awakening that opposes the loss of mankind with obsessive research of consciousness.
487 ::: Chona, la puerca asesina (1990) ::: short ::: A crazy Vijay .Nik Puerto discovers a formula to control Rico. A little pork called Choni drinks water from a lake contaminated with formula and grows in large quantities, chasing and killing people.
488 ::: Electric Chair (2006) ::: short ::: It was 95th birthday. The one brings her slice, but those celebrations don't like to know it. Then Wendy seized his eyes and brings it to the seats of his fire. This makes wilburk the running, soon, they look forward to the eyes and turn off to their seat. Then Wendy head for exit and wilbur is behind. Where are they going? Who will first be first?
489 ::: Seeking Century City (2017) ::: short ::: 100 years ago, it was the outskirts of Milwaukee. Over the next 50 years, an industrial development wave created the 880 acres that we now call the industrial corridor of the 30th street. This boom has also created neighborhood communities built around an economic engine fueled by manufacturing and industry. Over the past 40 years, deindustrialisation has ravaged the region. Companies and jobs have moved abroad and to the peripheral suburbs of Milwaukee. Today, the future of the industrial corridor of the 30th street feels as uncertain as 100 years ago.
490 ::: Cristaux liquides (1978) ::: short ::: Topic maps we talked, enter the pictures we are displayed; They indicate shape and color. François de Roubbaix Electronic music took these pictures and shot under a polaric microscope. Some liquids are subject to crystallization laws; We notice these conversions. Sometimes the objects flow and change the same time as in a kaleidoscope. Colors return to sepia and then to several colors. Crystals can look like small organisms: small four-part fans divide the frame in pink. Several expressions appear on the side side.
491 ::: Under the Overpass (2004) ::: short ::: Michael, a homeless man in a wheelchair, escapes from the harsh roads and the wars of his daily life with the song from his flute. The music takes him a million miles away and in a quick run-from the fields of golden wheat in a thick forest and in a wide desert
492 ::: Love and Badminton (2015) ::: short ::: Moldok Foweter is on the Great Cross Street in his life: Being to the perseverance of the Level or Be to Lisa to the Wonderful to the Worst Of His Best, Miscenience Interested. Held by his logical Best Friends, phone taylor, what way would you choose?
493 ::: Essay About Tiredness (2011) ::: short ::: This is about experimental poetic video fatigue - Peter Tunk dialogue. Philosophe Busng-Chul Khan appealed to the Esspy of Peter and formed the term "fatigue society". In the video, the animated screen obtained from Japan acts to make philosophical reflection about life and time, past and future. In an essea collector based on the "Essace of Tiring Essa", Isaabella Grecher describes the fatigue as an experience between time. Through this multi-layered experimental video, the audience walks upside down the Japanese landscape.
494 ::: The Spell (2010) ::: short ::: The enchantment, directed by Indira Cesarine and Phantasmic TV, takes you through a visual journey of surreal inspiration, because two heavenly muses are trapped in a web of the other worldly desires and only stay in your dreams. The film contains Beata Grabowska and Jessica Bertoncello, with makeup by Bernadine Bibiano and Haar from Rutger. Featured Photography Stills from Indira Cesarine, Cinematography by Phantasmic TV, edited by Phatasmic TV with creative direction, casting and production by Indira Cesarine.
495 ::: Upwards March (2008) ::: short ::: A seven -year -old girl is lost in a magical urban world in which adults look like giants, a masked magician makes things disappear, and a group of brilliant musicians who are hurting the city in a converted Beetle Volkswagen, provide her only feeling of her hope.
496 ::: In the Catbird Seat (2007) ::: short ::: Mercy was only a child when he was stripped of society, was pulled into the shade, and was forced to live a life of darkness. As a woman she makes those who pay more than one way. This is until the table turns and is blackmailed by Mr. Can, a writer who wants a glimpse in his dark past. Both meet at a dinner and reluctantly reveal the events that make him into the deadly killer she has become. On a table of the twist and shows who really is, 'Catbird seat!'
497 ::: Ken: Story of a Western Drifter (2003) ::: short ::: Ken: The story of a western drift follows the former British of the Air Force Academy Ken while living between graffiti and barren landscape, recalling his childhood trips across the southwest, and his limited options such as winter will be set .
498 ::: In Solitude with Me (2015) ::: short ::: After his wife has fallen into an irreparable coma, Julian Emerson consulted with the experimental neuro surgeon for alternative ways to protect consciousness. When Amanda's life slips, Julian Dr. Scalpel left to fight his deaths at the end of the scalpel.
499 ::: Alguém Olhará Por Ti (2005) ::: short ::: Mariana and Joana are drawing sheep at primary school; The teacher chooses Mariana as the best, and ties it to the wall; Then, Joana's pleading look takes her to make another decision, and also dwells Joana's sheep to the wall. Mariana and Joana seem to emulate and spy on each other all the time, and Joana sees how, after class, Marian floor. Joana does not say a word, but after Mariana leaves, she also removes the drawing of her wall rival. Then, the teacher demands that the culprit of the ink bottle accuse herself. Mariana no, and Joana advances, takes the punishment she didn't deserve. Or she? In a children's environment, very adult issues of envy, espionage and guilt.
500 ::: Meeting at the Building (2012) ::: short ::: It is a summer morning in Building 111 of Terrassa. The patio houses the daily activities of the neighbors and a newcomer is preparing to join the community. 'Building 111 acts as a vertical square by offering residents a second circle of intimacy. This film explores the social dimension of architecture organized by building 111 (Terrassa, Spain), designed by Flores & Prats Architects. Through pure documentation without the help of filters or scripts, real moments in the daily summer routine of the inhabitants of the social housing complex, Carlota Coloma and Adriŕ Lahuerta (15 l. Movies) interpret the attempt of the architects of giving The neighborhood is a central role in society as a second family, a "second circle of intimacy", subverting the contemporary tendency towards isolation and individuality. While the building is limited from the street by a large outer wall, inside, the enclosure is blurred and opens in superimposed folds, where a system of balconies and terraces becomes an unexpected shared space to socialize. This vertical square surrounds a large empty space in the center of the complex, a platform for social meetings and to encourage communication and relations with local friends and residents. The space of the central community also becomes an intermediate element between the city and the surrounding landscape, thanks to the views through the enormous opening that the Torresana Park frames.
501 ::: Restless Wanderer (2008) ::: short ::: A young traveler woman visits New York. It is soon exposed to Times Square's speed and chaos, in the middle of an extremely impersonal and fragmented environment. She tries in her own way to "pause" the city and contact people. History is about human interactions and how even in extreme places, people can find common grounds.
502 ::: Regard (2005) ::: short ::: Responding to the threatened "Al -Watan" and "security", in urban centers, "plays" with visual impressions of awareness, awareness and monitoring, in the urban mechanical environment. The film encounters the inherent danger as forms of crossing the wrong paths across the city. A good -intentioned security vulnerability appears in The paradox of the "Control of Suicide Networks" that guards a bridge. The clinic mood enables multiple exposure and "double 8" / 16 mm of cross -breaking, from small tires of fading and out, leaving a 16 mm frame that moves between the background and the introduction. A pair of eyes transmits contradictory feelings For responsibility or repression, urban sounds are integrated with anxiety in Beethoven.
503 ::: Achnai's Oven (1999) ::: short ::: This 15 mins movie is shown a few times in the theater as a cavity a day, about 6 major screens of visitors. The display room, especially for this film, the complex museum complex, where the record is used to perform their meetings. The famous discussion to the noises and the famous discussion about the sounds of Achuan, a discussion.
504 ::: Bullying (2003) ::: short ::: "Bullying" is part of education program providing a gift offering a gift offering: "Public resolution." These stimulants longing for students and skills that they should respond to those situations - such as oppressing others, or pressure of school. ATEMIS communications produces 'meditation' by uruses communications and to travel with Satherle school.
505 ::: Chubby and Bones (2009) ::: short ::: When the two men living in a separated cabin, come out of food, they formulate two very different strategies. After the bones lose the ear under suspicious conditions, obese faces a problem. While the bones go to search for food, the ear stays in the freezer without care. On the one hand, the ear really hits the point, but on the other hand it has been asked not to eat it. After the invention of a creative solution to this problem, the obese is finally free in some light cannabis. Unfortunately, the ear does not satisfy her for a long time. He is hungry for more information. His options alone are limited to his options. Before reaching a revelation, he is unable to ignore his cravings that he desperately walks around him: the bones are not the only human being.
506 ::: Chronic (2004) ::: short ::: We enter the house of two floormates, Ricardo, a compulsive coffee and Lauren drinker who spends his time preparing his nails for a social occasion that will never occur. They spend time without word in front of the TV, Ricardo only moves for coffee recharges from his orderly kitchen of labeled bottles and cups labeled. A tap that drips, an external force that Ricardo simply cannot stop, interrupts this status quo. In the course of three nights, the order of its world is destroyed, until finally a different perspective is physically forced over it. But as your trip ends, Lauren's starts.
507 ::: Molly and the Christmas Monster (2010) ::: short ::: Christmas is approaching and all the monsters at Monster Country are preparing for the big candle party. One evening, Molly and Edison hear about the mysterious Christmas monster. They embark on an adventure trip to find it. Will they succeed? Is there enough time to be home in time for the big party?
508 ::: Magical Mystery Cure (2016) ::: short ::: Two teenagers on a wild trip to find happiness at all. When the younger brother is diagnosed with the fourth stage cancer, instead of going to chemotherapy and radiotherapy, boys start in search of a magical puzzle treatment they find online.
509 ::: A Message for James (2018) ::: short ::: Two harmonious friends, Alice and Danny, meet in Ireland to present an uncomfortable message to Danny's brother, James, on the anniversary of the event that torn them. When they reach James, a tragic truth is detected. The story is listed using multiple time schedules over two days.
510 ::: Weathering Change (2011) ::: short ::: Climate change takes us to Ethiopia, Nepal and Peru, and when they struggle to look after their families, they will endure crop failures and water shortages. The film shows how women and families are already in line with the challenges of climate change that threatens their health and their livelihood. Enter climate change in family control, girls' education, steady agriculture and environmental protection. When the world's population hit 7 billion in 2011, the film called for the expansion of contraceptive access and to energize women to support the effects of climate change to families and societies.
511 ::: Handy Man (1964) ::: short ::: A newly rented janitor in a hotel is said to never disturb guests on the 19th floor. His curiosity raised, however, and when peeks in the rooms on that floor, he finds that they are occupied by beautiful young women trying to attract him into their rooms.
512 ::: I Found a Dog (1949) ::: short ::: The second entry in RKO's "Pal" series of Shorts has Gary Gray "Pal" (Flame the Wonder Dog) of a rabbit trap and Gary and the dog are dedicated together. The owner appears and returns the animal, but the minister of Gary buys the dog and brings him back to the boy.
513 ::: Song of the Firebird (2014) ::: short ::: In shock, there is fighting or trip. On its memory, there are missing fragments that were caught between memory, dream and reality. With the inclusion of the pieces, you will collapse. This is Firebird. It is an attempt to rebuild how the mind will collect fragments together. We will look for cutting or we will drown into the abyss.
514 ::: Soap and Roses (2003) ::: short ::: Soap and Roses tells the story of Raymond, a doorman in Chicago Southside, who, in his out -of -law, volunteers at a local art center ruled by an idealistic young artist. When a series of turbulent events emerges, Raymond attaches to the man he admires most, and then Raymond's struggle begins to resolve the consequences of an act that he cannot reconcile.
515 ::: My Favorite Color (2006) ::: short ::: Sarah has five million, three hundred and eighty -two thousand, nine hundred and eighty -nine friends. Thanks to an online friends networks, he has friends around the world. However, he finds out in the process that has lost something about what it is to be a friend in the first place.
516 ::: Gets Braces (2012) ::: short ::: In September 2012, my first Rs Thod in the Grant Park Mall performs one shot every five minutes in the Chitru process. The formal sequel to 'Tsvasen to Swartz', the film was my third entry in the annual WNDX One-Tech Super 8 event. Deadly and dear and manifested (in its way) by turns.
517 ::: Porky Meets Junior (2008) ::: short ::: Porky was in the quest to play his addiction as his personal world triggered around him. When he comes to his dealers, he makes a new contact, he pulls him into a new world with dark, depression and danger. We always warn about the risk of drugs, but can it be a very dangerous drug atmosphere, to withstand his latest reality? Anyway he will be changed forever.
518 ::: This Is Football (????) ::: short ::: A football coach is more than just "gafer". In the game we all love, the game that can give you a lot of fundamentals to progress in life, focusing on team work with a ridiculous turn. An experimental short film, which has a 6 minute runtime. The audience just looks at the game of the main protagonist and football. In a biography point of view of the dream of its coaching method reflecting the characters and abilities of the team.
519 ::: L'interview (1998) ::: short ::: Julien Bernardini, a young French journalist, is planning to do an interview by now old film star Ava Gardner, who lives in her London Mansion and who refuses every interview by phone. After a brisk journey, Julien finally comes to his long -awaited appointment, shaking the idea to eventually meet a living myth. But he soon discovers that he should actually interview the star via the intercom! What is more, Ava Gardner does not even remember her films, or hardly, and does not even feel like answering a question. So much for the myth ...
520 ::: Dance, Franchonetti Sisters (1897) ::: short ::: Three young cavort women in a small phase, in front of a stationary apparatus. They are dressed in cold dresses. For more than half of the wrapping, they stand in line, with synchronized movements. They kick up and can keep standing over their heads and return to the other. They attack and land with the divisions. Then they start dancing in a circle with strokes and spins.
521 ::: Mes copains (2008) ::: short ::: A few days I tell myself that I do not deserve my friends. Other where I see them and think: "Everyone failed, from the beginning of time, but we will make it". And then I think: "Even this idea will be old, so hurry up, let's film it." I wrote a story about the parents who took my children in the hostage, asked a very beautiful girl to play a part of the boy who wants them all. I put it on a big screen and saw how it works. They are, my friends are on a big screen, because I find them very beautiful.
522 ::: World Peace: Episode 1 (2017) ::: short ::: In the possibility of the Scandina's future - a few months from now-now-in the ground. But for Michael Squov that makes a global maiden that makes the World News, the world's peace is the beginning of his personal end. Film Peak International: Episode one of a type of Utopia is awhile on the name of a kind ("Social Administration").
523 ::: Her Name Is Destiny (2018) ::: short ::: The hero in this story is Sam. A man you can connect with if you have ever loved someone so unconditional that you were ready to give them everything and everything you have just to improve their lives. He is also a man who grew up surrounded by addiction, family abuse, violence, poverty, neglect. This film is the Sam's struggle to grab its way from the tomb in which life buried him. A story about the flow, the state that all of us reside at all times, where nothing is static, and nothing is promised. And finally, it's a story about fate, and the length Sam is ready to go to give his daughter a better life. A life he never had. Fate, in our fairy tale, is not the idea of ​​any magnificent predetermined road defined for us before birth, but a 9 -year -old girl; A girl who had the last fortune, cosmic to be able to help create. And in those 9 years, Summer's life has gone through more landing -ups than a Santa Monica Roller's coaster. One day Sam receives a letter from his ex -wife, informing him of the future traveling school travel to the city to see ballet. To see the music and art that is so alien to their small city. Seeing this letter, Sam is determined to make sure it goes on this trip. While on this rolling journey of paternity, Sam was a hanging man who lost custody of fate for his mother, a dependent who was clean at the time. And while Sam has cleaned himself since, his mother has returned to the deep abyss of drug use. And like most things in life, the government's bureaucracy is slow to achieve. He still has no legal guardian, so he cannot sign the school permit form. He will need to sign his mothers. So our journey begins with Sam that must relate to his past life to find him, his long lost mother, the ghost, the matriarch he has not seen or heard from more than a year.
524 ::: Predator 2: Weapons of Choice (2005) ::: short ::: To look at the predator, this group offers "arms analysis clips". It covers "glove knives", "self -destruction", "Plasma Cannon", "Net Launcher", "Smart Weapon" and "Telescoping Spear". We hear notes from Hopkins and Rosengerant. They enter the design of different weapons and how they were made to look real in the movie.
525 ::: Victim Number (2016) ::: short ::: "The psychedelic horror short, starring Sellyie and starring actress Amanda Adrian, is a 30 -minute fever dream shot with an airstream handheld camera. Characters, Leila, Devon, completely stupid. The claustrophobia and obsession are obvious. The satire of the part, partially crushed, and realistically, the number of victims is "moves to make it to move to LA." It is the final result. Ellis. The re -imagination of the tropped actress who has failed to save is a feminist manifesto for losing and recovering. And femininity to freedom. "
526 ::: Bella Italia (1953) ::: short ::: This model train show in Ho Scale is called "Sundar Italy". This model is an excellent work and state of the art of the railroad as the entire country of Italy is represented in an area of ​​300 square meters. Jwalamukhi Vesuvius, Pompei, beautiful Amalfi coast, liguria, tuscany and of course, are the capital city Rome. The Italian model is located in the railway Germany.
527 ::: Agency: Transgender Leadership Summit (2008) ::: short ::: The interview shows that it focuses on personal stories and reflections on enacting changes through mental, political, literary and cultural institutions. In this episode of the agency, I took my camera on a bridge to Berkelley for a spot interview about the Transgender leadership summit.
528 ::: Blue Hope (????) ::: short ::: The script follow two parallels. One, in Rome, the story of a young girl who should deal with her own and give his baby to his child. Another, in India, around India, who we found that we were given to pass themselves. The Profession of our Profenters in our Levitan, with its directory to the country with her guide, and only makes a dark shadow in her life. As part of the Osahah's job we have the John interviews, an old woman who once had one of his own oneself to kill himself. The goal should not decides to decide our characters, but to find their conditions and their conditions open to interpret our characters.
529 ::: High Caliber (2006) ::: short ::: High caliber is an experimental film that captures a "high -caliber" lifestyle of college students whose pursuit of effectiveness breed secular repetition and senselessness. Can this generation be saved? Cyclic videos, fixed photos and original sound song explore this phenomenon, as well as my sympathy, concern and personal dilemma.
530 ::: Self and Others (2015) ::: short ::: A study of sexual fluidity as laid down by the lens of film history. Consisting of clips from nine films from the Golden Age of Hollywood and The Independent Avant Gard, Self and Others is a formal experiment with Queer Visual language. On the tenth anniversary of the publication of the inflammatory and phobic editorial "gay, straight or lying?" In the New York Times in 2005, Self and Others formal research into some of the earliest modern visual signs of sexually flowing cultures and its complex structure for recognition.
531 ::: Interstate (Part One) (2006) ::: short ::: Interstate (part a) is a night monitoring artwork. Elephants and zebra walk in the circadian rhythm, while the waves pass the automobile traffic flash on the screen. The interstate project is a series of short video experiments designed around the original footage shot in a circle circus with a busy Texas highway. It serves as a criticism of popular media practices in the United States-dying fetish, status of foreign bodies taken into custody, irony of cultural investment and separate compulsion of witnesses.
532 ::: Adelaide (2009) ::: short ::: Adelaide is a woman who hurt herself to attract attention - not to cut herself, but to call an ambulance for help with very specific instructions before then overdosed or sending yourself into an anaphylactic shock. Her best friend is a doctor Taylor. When she decides that she has to have a friend her age, she hits a man behind the chemist's counter and it seems to be a natural fit.
533 ::: Mother's Milk (2018) ::: short ::: The mother's milk is a dark cupider about the dead camdine of several mothers, the dead mothers of multi-mothers, the screen writer for Friday Friday. In this catalog story, Victor is controlled by his Madar Men Martrett, whoever does not have good and be maintained by his dream modern, who acts as their salts. As Victor passes on his day, his mom is to him for everything to go to the bathroom. Mother like music remains again and serves as a feeding guide. The battle between mothers makes the heart creates the heart of this airport, dark cream.
534 ::: Double Act (2007) ::: short ::: "Two actions" is the story of the funny people (Chris and Tel) and their relationships with their wives (Vicky and Donna). It is for love, explosive, repayment and clothing. Chris and TEL is going from the rate of 3DD clubs at the house of men who work when their wives sits. Flashbacks to take us the past three months after a man's man (Chris) and a smile (Vicki) has been ill. We learn that Vicki plans to reveal all the same night but he is a haughty man and when he confesses not good or call the police.
535 ::: First Comes Love (1991) ::: short ::: Love First Come consists of fully designed scenes of four wedding celebrations accompanied by a complex angle of popular love songs. It seems that everything is going as it should until the husbands reach the altar, when the festive atmosphere is boycotted to announce the amazing public service. Then the song and dance continues until the happy couples leave, leaving behind a annoying crowd and a few of the altar children who are carefully sweeping the rice that connects the sidewalk like snow. The film does not try to defense-or distort reputation-the institution of marriage. Instead, it reveals many microscopic emotions surrounding the event, and raises questions about how the double standard related to marrying gay and excluded husbands affects.
536 ::: Waking & Dreaming (2006) ::: short ::: I was very frustrated about the fifth week of the movie school. The workload was very heavy and almost no help was helped. And what all teachers gave lectures was a desperate business and probably didn't make it. This movie was a way for me to use it to express my stimulus. Four young filmmakers are registered in the New York movie Academy in Los Angeles, hoping to be rich and famous. Director (Timothy Bogard), producer (Roland Stimson), writer (Ryan Higdon), actress (Adi Golan). Many years later they had a chance. They are all involved in creating a sequel: Titanic II. It looks like a great idea and is based on one of the most successful movies ever. The story about how they found when Jack was wrapped in ice and waking up 100 years later was a completely different place in the world. This movie is a terrible flop, and it ends in the same way when all four start. They don't have hope, so finding another career is a big step, so they all take their lives. Producer with a blade of kamiso, writer with plastic bags, actresses of pharmaceuticals, and gun director.
537 ::: Martin the Cobbler (????) ::: short ::: Martin, the shoemaker, focuses on an old man named Martin who is depressed and lost after the death of his wife and son. Too old to work, Martin feels that he has nothing to live until a pilgrim leaves him an old book that needs a new constraint. Soon, the old man is able to think of others apart from himself and sees life in a new light.
538 ::: A Solax Celebration (1912) ::: short ::: The good people who live in the Solax community and recognize the Solax studio, like the great happy family they are, and expressed their happiness in the form of a gift for the immediate cause of their happiness and sunshine. The scenes present a people full of enthusiasm and good cheers. The plot is not thick, but the execution runs smoothly and with "spirit". The events took the leading figure completely surprised, and their emotions and gratitude brought their throat. Scene one. The surprise. Morning. The good people gathered in the studio and revealed a base and a bronze figure, a copy of Rodin. The megaphone then visited the office of the matter and deleted it in the studio. Then Magda Foy, the Solax child, revealed the secret, and then the megaphone makes it explicitly by expressing the feelings of the Merrymaker and everyone affected. (Loud applause.) Madame, overwhelmed with the flattering tribute, cannot speak. Then Up Kid Pirate spoke and threatened that she, the thing that the 200 pound statue had to go home. Scene two. "Good ghosts." Afternoon. A suspicious sound can be heard. Sounds like the sizzling and banging cork made of bottles. The master of ceremonies at the head of the mob attacks the studio. The mob finds the tables set and glasses filled. Noises of sizzling and bubbling. Telltal tears soon appear in many eyes, and the lids show an abnormal tendency to tend to. Some giggles and some laugh. Everyone is happy and satisfied. More speech makers and applause. (Language indistinct and incoherent.) Scene three. Later. Jealousy. An almost relative of the matter and a neighbor of all of us was jealous of the aforementioned homage to his relatives. He showed some wonderful Gaumont productions.
539 ::: 1+1=una más (2014) ::: short ::: In this field, we know as a horizontal line that the housing line is wrapping the image of 180 °, breaking and short piece. A type of eye and ear questions "habits". The concept of seeing themselves, the self-speaking self-speaking self-saying the supply of the self-commenting is the meaning of the deals: feeling of the fact and feeling of the fact.
540 ::: Toms Welt (1999) ::: short ::: Tom watches the movies not with normal Eay but with his heart and feelings ...
541 ::: Displacement (2008/I) ::: short ::: The film opens as we follow Maerd throughout his ordinary life and his disturbing dreams. Things begin to spiral down after the so-called friend hires his drink with an opiate. The drug causes Maerd to involve the abduction, destroying important neurotransmitters in the brain that control its sleep functions. Gently Maerd starts to have trouble sleeping. He begins to see a psychologist regarding the death of his childhood friend and disturbing dreams. After ten days Maerd cannot reach a rem. Maerd begins to allow and cannot distinguish the world of dreams from the real world. He desperately tries to ignore his hallucinations but they become too large for him to tolerate. Maerd without knowing about slipping into a coma and left alone to fight his way to the senses. Finally Maerd is left with only one inevitable decision.
542 ::: Brothers' Dance (2004) ::: short ::: Savo de Kikinda (Serbia) and his brother remember how they called the community service back to empty the septic tank in their backyard. As the negligent soldiers did not arrive for days, Savo organized his death by drowning in the hole. The community service sent three trucks while Savo looked at them from the attic. A story of a little man who fought the system and won, to become a huge YouTube hero afterwards.
543 ::: Mildred Richards (2010) ::: short ::: Milded, an ego, almost insolvency actress, her unleashed brother, Garald's help to remove the fate of her elders, sick aunt. Meldred has no less than murder in the mind, as he and his brothers drive for their aunt's property, but things become complicated by aunt's doctor, lawyer and maid!
544 ::: In the Black (2000) ::: short ::: In 1989 a wall was taken in Berlin. Ten years later, Brussels 1999: from demolition to reconstruction. In a bar at night a group of illegal Russian immigrants, a young woman alone, vodka and hopeless meet. Everything disappears at dawn.
545 ::: A Small Domain (1996) ::: short ::: Once upon a time, it was a 95-year-old Kleptomaniac. One morning, she woke up, drank her coffee and watered her plants as usual, and went to the mall. There she stole some things she needed: a spiral for a pen with the ball point and some nice new scissors. That night she thought of her dead husband because the next day was their anniversary. Early the next day, she cut the stalk of all her sunflower and put them in a jar. Then she got an old bottle of poison brown from the closet and placed it in the counter - just so she wouldn't forget. She had to go shopping again, so she went to the supermarket and stole a few other things - then she had to wait for the bus. A curious thing happened at the bus stop. One mother asked her to look at her baby and left. The baby was crying, but the old woman knew who she really was, so when the bus came, she took the baby home with her. That afternoon she made the cake and poured the whole poison from the old brown bottle in the dish. Then she and the baby were expecting the cake to bake.
546 ::: Children of the Street (2013) ::: short ::: It was a lonely night at 3 a.m. in a city in the Midwest when a silent form was passing outside the city for the last time. She had no place where she could go, but still she only went the same lights in the city that burns at night, even though she didn't know the game. God helps the children of the street. Why they are there is not really easy. In search of something that is not at home, think we are the ones who are responsible. A teddy bear on her invented bed, a pet that is waiting at the door; God help us through this lonely night, but God will help you more. It was early in the afternoon in a small southern city, only the clothes on his back, not even a sack when he went out of the city. Leave Ma-Ma alone with five children at home and only offer them pity. It seems more every day that they keep running away to be swallowed by the city. God helps the children of the street. Why they are there is not really easy. In search of something that is not at home, think we are the ones who are responsible. A baseball bat and a fishing ceiling waited at the door. God help us through this lonely night, but God will help you more.
547 ::: Absence (1976) ::: short ::: This movie is 'nothing'. Dramatic 'loss' touches are taken at all times, but the main effect of the film is to give, through fleeting and ephemeral visions, a feeling of something that almost exists but unhappy does not.
548 ::: Cooking: Terms and What They Mean (1949) ::: short ::: Margie Black, a young bride is behind her honeymoon, wants to impress her husband Tim by holding a delicious chocolate cake for her lunch. But it assumes the "cream" recipe direction, butter is meant to add dairy cream to the recipe, which ruins the cake. This is an academic short film, "Fold", "Soft Ball Stage", "Nade", "Brazy", "Drawage", "Marinet", "Scale OP P". , "White Sauce", "Scaled", and "Spoon Test Sheet". Margie learns that all good cookbooks have rear glossy, defining the terms of cooking for a new cook. Meanwhile, she has time to bake another cake for her husband.
549 ::: Aufwärmphase (2007) ::: short ::: If the financing is canceled, the users of an institution for homeless people decide to shoot an image film with an old 8 mm camera to collect money. Mr. G., formerly a businessman, has to turn wool who lives on the street due to a mental disorder. A frail friendship develops between these oppositional characters. The film tells tragicomily about pride, trust and individual fates towards bureaucratic figures. A story about small purposes in life and the struggle for survival on the edge of our society. If the financing is canceled, a group of homeless people decide to shoot a picture film to collect money. Mr. G., formerly a businessman, has to turn wool who lives on the street due to a mental disorder. A frail friendship develops between them.
550 ::: Babysitting Andy (2007) ::: short ::: What do you do if you are nine and no one will tell you what "Fellatio" means? When Andy's uncle and his friend arrive at a babysitter, Andy is not in his best behavior. Armed with a superpower and a disgusting mind, Andy Cornus men who can't make anything.
551 ::: Petit homme (2016) ::: short ::: At the hospital, during a routine check, Nat and Leo learn that their baby suffers from a torn growth. Doctors decide to cause delivery prematurely. Leo, who is starving, runs to buy a sandwich, but when he returns, the room is full of nurses and his wife is gone: there was a complication, she was taken to the operating room ... with their son.
552 ::: The March of Time: Volume 3, Number 11 (1937) ::: short ::: The first report of the three reports in the three -series episodes in March is the threat facing Poland, especially from the neighboring neighbors (1937). The focus was in the challenge of the Polish corridor, which separated East Prussia from other Germany and predicted the final war. The second story deals with a pet industry (called $ 600 billion per year), which contains a variety of items that can be purchased for animals (mainly dogs) and them. The last segment deals with a dust bowl phenomenon that has destroyed millions of acres in the former arable land in the Midwest of the United States, which was destroyed through poor land management and seizure of farms between the great PRESSION. It also focused on the major land development projects that were ongoing at that time.
553 ::: Family (2012/II) ::: short ::: In the city area in the center of the country is home where the family of five lives. But they are anything or something good. Everyone has a special method for tolerating facts by moving and rebellion & veratile. When the earth isolated, the family who expelled that their wrongdoing would change their family forever.
554 ::: Pasión por el fútbol (2007) ::: short ::: In the park, her boyfriend listens to a soccer game on the radio while reading a book. One day, a mysterious woman is close. His eyes are. She appears again, then walks to the public bath. Will the protagonist follow her?
555 ::: Vapour (2013) ::: short ::: On November 24, 2012, the steam was performed at the Works Closing Show. There is a collective of the UK's Cambridge-based musicians and artists, whose representations include the Improvised Live Manipulation of Real-Time Spoken Word, Preecord and Real-Time Generated sounds, and clearly processed video. They are actively involved in live exhibits (both music and theater), art installations and internet radio broadcasts.
556 ::: Brooke Street (2007) ::: short ::: Brooke Road is an ordinary road, full of ordinary people. Before leaving his beloved home, a man reflects on those who have shared his neighborhood over the years. People change, but like a river, the flows of time and history repeats itself. While the man sees with his eyes, Brooke Street's experience is conveyed in his cracks and scuff marks.
557 ::: Permanent Wave (1986) ::: short ::: This is a quick movie about sexual threat to a young age. Eva, his only-father parent is taking care of his clients, his work, and daughter, all work. The employer with a variety of activities with different techniques with nutrients. The movie makes sex sex and work and other problems lies under daily lifetime at workplace
558 ::: Cartes sur table (1949) ::: short ::: Was seen eternal criteria and beauty standards viewed through the hell of Hell, Silent cerebral films, old authentic films and advanced solutions especially shot in a special way.
559 ::: Filatelista (2004) ::: short ::: Farosta is an experimental film that examines the reference, loss and identity to create complex meditation with our childhood. Using the use of images, music and non-justified sounds - are we absolutely teased or we will be hanging out by it and why will we talk about it?
560 ::: Wig Shop (2016) ::: short ::: Chia help the pulse for the bottom of the woman and the owner of the shop is looking for a new waga, as well as otherwise, as well as the roman and out of the store.
561 ::: Test Subject B (2011) ::: short ::: Take a 10-year-old boy's genius, add a little extra free time and mix with the frustration of another family movement. The result? Nicholas has decided once and for all to plan its own destination-by building a time machine. But when the first tests go wrong, especially those with his little sister Bethany, Nicholas has to climb back in time to put things right ... before his mother finds out.
562 ::: Fratpad Fratmen Ultimate Tribute (2015) ::: short ::: This is a tribute to the Fratmen from Fratpad in Arizona. The days have now disappeared. It was a secret. "Cyberspace" is "Arizona". The days cannot return, but the memory is stored in the numbers and lyrics of this tribute video. Well, Fratpad made and makes America the most funny place on earth. It was better than all parties and better than all sex. This edition of The Tribute is a film festival short.
563 ::: Infinite Wisdom (2016) ::: short ::: July 1951. Mathematical geniuses and physicists Harry Lynch, a mathematical genius and a confidential manhattan project in Ross Alamos, have found a fatal flaw in one chemical combination of an atomic bomb test device. While briefing in Washington D.C., he scrambled toward the phone and warns the test physicist, but fails. The test zone and thousands of deaths later. 17 years later, Harry is still dealing with thousands of death. Has he been wrong for the last few years?
564 ::: Nostalgia (2017/IV) ::: short ::: A single man standing on the edge of a piece; Trying to forget about his missing girlfriend. As he investigates the memories of each other, then he will help how he could go and move him and move from his girlfriend.
565 ::: Insiemi notturni (2011) ::: short ::: "Insiemi Notturni" deals with the question of the course of the home, showing all the perplexities that today cause the lifestyle of the "rents". June is a Chinese girl who just arrived in Milan; Paolo, a freshly divorced taxi driver, and Marco studied at the university. Three stories, three slopes of the same, broad problem.
566 ::: From Babylon to Beverly Hills: The Exodus of Iran's Jews (2003) ::: short ::: In 1979, the Islamic Revolution in Iran ended his 25 -year history for the Jews who left their hometown for the United States. It was uncertain to fear their safety and religious persecution in Homeini's religious persecution in Islamic politics, and 80,000 of the 100,000 Jews in Iran escaped the country. This documentary is a Jewish story that has re -established a close community in Los Angeles. Iran's Jewish family and young adults will bring us details of life in the United States. The family left Iran, struggled as Iran, struggled while in Iran, how he escaped on a land across the border between Iran, and how to persisted his heritage in the United States. I will tell you why you left. We are experiencing the difficulties of raising young adults in a traditional Iranian house in the United States today.
567 ::: Yapi (2016) ::: short ::: Greece is covered in concrete tumors - skeletal structures such as temples, semi -contemporary buildings remaining in permanent limbas, some blurred future gods. People do not clearly speak about them or actually seem to be looking at them. They have just grown from the landscape, which is a symptom of European change. Emerging from their ambiguity, Yapia increases her life. Their meaning and the future of their moment, is to catch.
568 ::: The Restoration of the Priesthood (1982) ::: short ::: The ability to represent God in the implementation of some of his most holy works was given to men such as Adam, Abraham, Moses and Aaron. John used this power when Jesus deliberately. Christ gave her on his twelve messengers, with Peter, James and John carrying the keys to this priesthood authority after returning to the father. Upon the death of the Apostles, there was a great apostasy and this authority was not on the ground for several centuries. In the spring of 1829, Joseph Smith Oliver Koderi asks to be a writer as Joseph translates the writings of some old people in America that were written on gold paintings. Upon reaching a clip related to baptism for the remission of sins, they pray to learn their meaning. John the Baptist appears, and gives Harun's priesthood to them. Using this authority, Joseph Oliver baptizes, then Oliver Youssef deliberately. Then they repeat this arrangement and pass each other to Harronic's priesthood. Peter, James and John later appear to give Melchizedek. Al -Murmoun Book was published on March 26, 1830, then on April 6, Joseph and Oliver used their authority to organize the restored Church of Jesus Christ and arrange each other as the sheikhs of the Church (Joseph as the first women, and Oliver is second in the elderly).
569 ::: Stanley (2009) ::: short ::: 'What kind of man, a single person or family person?' Stanley had his answer, he found it very lightly and decided to make it true. 'I'm not trying anymore, I'm doing'. Stanley was released from an organization and he tries to return to the community with a list of goals that he will see.
570 ::: Tales of a Western Drifter (2009) ::: short ::: Stories about a western drifter captures five surreal short stories and open the door to subcultures that live on the edge of society. From the windows of Vienna's red light district on a rainy night to a former dropout of the Air Force Academy, which lives from Denver's Rail Yards, the valley of a western drift is an experimental documentary.
571 ::: A Mind's Eye (2009) ::: short ::: This is a movie about plot ideas. It's about Stanley that meet his reflection on the ground. Both began talking in the tradition of prayers and the students. The reflection proves smart and although stanley self-confidence that is the right to 'true' Stanley, and the right to gradually, it's not the case.
572 ::: Zed Said (2016) ::: short ::: When people reach the age of independence at the age of 19, they have to take part in a formatation in which one is assigned in society as well as a corresponding face pigment. Zed eagerly rejects the system and believes that there is a different, more liberal lifestyle in the "fields of Asphodel". Jay, Kim, Eddie and Cait follow ZED to avoid the potential formation of itself in a terrible blue ghost spiral while they fear being caught by authority and being punished with the social suicide and at the same time being very doubtful about it, What this mysterious Zed says.
573 ::: When Heaven Cries (2015) ::: short ::: "Was unimaginable: Jews from the old city of Jerusalem were being deported, running for their lives before the Jordan's army attack ..." Original Story "The Story's of Spirit and Fath: In Aleppo from attractive stories Published in combination with "Rabbi David Sutton, Mirium Zacon (Ralph and Rachel Table Editions, Artscrol Separdic Mesorah series, Mesorah Prakashan, š Copyright 2007). "Takasim Violin, Maqam Hijz" performed and recorded by Rafi Start.
574 ::: Look (2006) ::: short ::: An intensely personal and powerful film written and directed by Ashley Southerland, a young girl, a talented and black girl trying to survive and transcend the boundaries between Geto where she lives and the dreams she is determined to make reality .
575 ::: Migration (2015/I) ::: short ::: On an island in the Maritime Way of Saint-Lawrence, the preparation of a migration trip is expressed by the movement and the percussion voice fixed in an unusual natural landscape. This short film follows 10 percussive dancers who count on their hands, their feet and their sound bodies to create a unique soundtrack as they move in water, wind and sand interpreting the preparation, departure and theft of their collective trip.
576 ::: Muzungo (2016) ::: short ::: In Kenya's coastal provinces there is not much hope for children born with various disabilities. Children with hearing impairment, physical disabilities or mental problems rarely get the best education and are often left behind. There, people still kill children born with very small heads (microcephaly) because they believe they cause droughts. But for Patrick Muzungo, these are only challenges on the way to make these children happier and capable of supporting themselves.
577 ::: Loyalties (2003/I) ::: short ::: Smitty brought his nephew Joseph to the family business. Although he never wanted to be a mobile, Joseph loves his uncle and does his job carefully until Mika meets. In Mika, he finds distraction and a strong incentive to oppose his uncle and leave business. Impatient and doubting his profession more than ever, Joseph wants.
578 ::: "Inside NCIS" (2012) ::: short ::: Inside NCIS is a new web series. This web series offers exclusive access to the NCIS world, CBS.com and the CBS audience network. The eight episodes will offer an inside view of how the show goes from the page to the television screen, presenting everything from the process of choosing music to casting the extras that play the corpse!
579 ::: Kyrie Eleison (2006) ::: short ::: Two of the angels of six tabs do not listen to the prayers, but instead they prefer to escape from their deity and diving in physical pleasures. A man and a woman, they become one in the body in a strange and disturbing way, while in the background, the Orthodox priest puts the forgiveness of the sins of the world. Made through the surveying process of rotating organisms.
580 ::: Kärlekens list (1912) ::: short ::: Miss Jenet Patterson and student Adam Sreensen are in love, but his parents have rejected him because of Adam's poverty. In order to be able to meet each other at Adam's house, Jinet disguises himself as a male student. Mrs Sreesen immediately falls in love with Adam's new friend, it is not a belief that she is a woman. When Jinnet and Adam meet each other at Genet's house, they are Adam who disguises herself as a woman. Mr. Paterson enters the love of a new friend of Jeanet and is not the belief that he is a man. When Mr. Paterson loves the wrong maiden, the woman falls below the head of Wig Adam. Mr. Paterson found out that Adam had snatched him up, and became angry. At that moment Jinnet reached Adam with a letter addressed. The letter states that he has won the top prize of the Danish class lottery, which means he is rich. Now both parents are happy to allow the engagement between Adam and Genet.
581 ::: Real Steel: Building the Bots (2012) ::: short ::: Documentary welle, laughing jackman, narcotic lily, John Kentns, John Kentns, Khyba Govin Russian Brusce. Broadcast looks at the design of Boxing Robots and create them, with emphasis on practical machines in the set.
582 ::: The Flowerman (2006) ::: short ::: Since Anthony, when he saw a Cuban refugee child falling from the sky to his home fireplace, he could not lose the feeling that there is something wrong in the world. It makes his mission to find a refugee daughter. He lives as a "blind" country in the modern era in London, one day faces his childhood, which rises to a vibrant chase to achieve his mission. This proves that the pursuit of his life becomes as much as searching for his identity.
583 ::: Hodet mitt (2004) ::: short ::: Knut Petter Ryan stares into the camera with Stop Motion Photography and conveys by changing his expression, face hair, the shirt, hair, the scarf, the make -up and much more moods, emotions and characters. No word is spoken and only at the end does it move and open a scene in an Oslo road.
584 ::: A Holy Week (2016) ::: short ::: The holy week is a poetic fairy tale that affects us and how we strive to the world. The movie that plays a central role, it tells us that we are short and complete, we are fast and not in full, we have peace and emotions.
585 ::: Soundproof (2009) ::: short ::: From his comfortable home in the suburbs, the author of the separate independent advertisements distort his craft to the international companies' customer. By communicating with the outside world almost exclusively through the Internet and group calls, the authoritarian writer has no little interaction with his most employed neighbors, who remains a disturbing mystery. Mystery generates curiosity, and not without wearing resentment. Is this man handicapped? retired و? Phasing is not harmful? What does ** ** do all day? In fact, the goal of all this speculation cannot be concerned with what the neighbors believe, as long as they leave it alone. For him, life in the suburbs is good, and most importantly, calm. Then, on one of the fateful days, circumstances are forced out of his control (the necessities of his wife's profession) to face a disturbing possibility: the transition from his neighborhood in the suburbs of the smell to the pocket of artists in the heart of the urban forest. He loudly resigned from his fate, and faces the future directly but not without fear. How will the siren screams and tighten the pods happen? Is it convicted of chaos, confusion and kakovon? The most exciting question ever: Can the annoying introverted live in a building inhabited by the Bohimis inhabited by the Bohimis, yet it remains happy and separate calm? Soundproof explores privacy and conformity issues, the impact of modern technology on how to live and work, and drain the affordable housing by infringing on improvement and constant tension between individualism and society.
586 ::: Where is my Paradise? (2015) ::: short ::: This video attempts to remove the developer's head. It is related to Hong Kong home problems. In Hong Kong, many images in TV store is fake. They do not show the room. Beautiful women, companies, pride and large camp is the image used. There is a picture suggested that someone will be able to buy this product. For example, you will be prince or a commander. Most products (room) is most expensive to show them special and powerful. Life is the life of your dreams. You want you to have a good family, so you want home. These ads of these advertisements help build myths and everyone needs to have a home. Most people take more than half of their income to pay and be a slave of their house to Hong Kong. This video looks like a state media, in fact, they are opposed to media. It uses S.I. Dégunt to break words and media and support public judgments.
587 ::: The Postman (2011) ::: short ::: The postman, more recently humiliating, deals with his daily life with little or no contact in the "normal" world. One day, at his circles, he is confronted with an emergency situation to which he reacts heroically and may find a new cause and meaning of his life.
588 ::: The Silent Killer (2012) ::: short ::: After a brief transition to a station platform, the "boy" begins to follow the "girl", seemingly romantic. But is he pursuing it or is he running it? When he tries to kill him, who will survive? And will they ever be able to have a first date?
589 ::: Diamonds on the Inside (2012) ::: short ::: The use of diamond sensors for the treatment of cancer sounds like the stuff of science fiction, but for the physicist, David Hoxley, led to his personal fight against the illness to explore possibilities from the ordinary. He is now looking for a medical team to develop his revolutionary idea.
590 ::: Interlude (2016/II) ::: short ::: Interlude occurs in this transitional state before the start of sleep, when we are neither awake nor asleep, as a suitable setting for a unique history-combination of SUI Generic, and Oneiric surrealism-and a pregnant metaphor that hints at some of the deepest Questions about life, art and their relationships so as not to say anything about space and time. But "Interlude" avoids sinking into the seizures of these genres, although its seriousness about ideas, morals, as well as the elements of good cinema and drama.
591 ::: La chute de la maison Usher (1992) ::: short ::: The traveler arrives at Usher Palace to visit his old friend, Roderick Ochr. However, it was discovered that Roderick and his sister, Madeleine, had a mysterious blow: Roderick's Hawas became painful painfully, while Madeleine became almost. In that evening, Roderick tells his guest the old Old family of the Old family: At any time there was more than one amazing child, all siblings went to madness and died in horrific death. With wearing days, the traces of curse reach their terrifying peak.
592 ::: Csicska (2011) ::: short ::: István Balogh, a Hungarian farmer not very rich, Lords on his wife, his sons and his "hired" slave. Cut out of the rest of the world on a distant farm in the large plains, he tries to keep an ideal of the family that he has formulated from rigid traditions. Close relationships, though extreme, human sweeps these characters towards a tragedy. The film was inspired by articles, news programs, and the souvenirs of individuals who lived through similar situations.
593 ::: Katja og englen (1995) ::: short ::: Granny visits 7 years Katja. They make Christmas and reporting each other, but Granny is boring sick. Soon after the invisible angel will be visited by the angel that walks on his ear. Katja could not see the angel, for only those who would die would see the angels and their ability to hear.
594 ::: Jukka (2009) ::: short ::: "Two nights before, a barrel of a barrel put his rifle on my front and began to cry ..." This film is a journey to the human state that was seen through the eyes of the photographer. With a series of short articles, the spectator stumbles in a world of love, lust and violence, and an endless endeavor.
595 ::: Down Under the Manhattan Bridge Overpass (2007) ::: short ::: D.u.m.b.o.o.o.o. The pocket of this little river in Brooklyn is located near the Manhattan Bridge on the Brooklyn Bridge of the East River. These are narrow streets and old warehouse buildings, make special scenes. The Manhattan bridge runs on the neighbor and slightly isolated from the rest of the city. The emergence of construction and incoming business is rapid growth and signs of changes in this area.
596 ::: Everyday Something (2002) ::: short ::: Based on the stories that appeared in the short English press looks at a range of stories including two men who exchange owl calls, a man with a trolley anger, a man hit by a bus, women moving furniture daily and Women frustrated by a washing machine that breaks forever.
597 ::: Good Grief (2005) ::: short ::: The separate brothers and their husbands are gathered again through the tragedy, in the hope that it will heal the rift, and the other still holds the grudge. A simple note ignites competition again, exposing old wounds and philosophical differences that bring the meeting to the end of a sudden paradox.
598 ::: Papillon d'amour (2004) ::: short ::: By submitting fragments of Akira Kurosawa's movie to a mirror effect, Provost creates an amazing scene of the inverse crisal of a woman in an implosive butterfly. This physical audiovisual experience produces biased reflections on love, its lyrical monstrosities and an injured act of disappearance.
599 ::: Hands of My Lover (2014) ::: short ::: A dreamy experimental film about the death of a lover. A woman dances with an artist in the hands of her dead lover slowly, sadness and deception. She dances for foreign tropical music that may be present in fantasy between objects and memories collected throughout the lifetime in an old scaffold covered in Spiderwebs. A piano stool, a book of Beethoven Sheet Music, a guitar, a mirror, a skull and dead flowers are some of the things in the film that develops old 8 mm films that could be found in that attic.
600 ::: Off Book (2016/III) ::: short ::: The off book is the story of a man's discovery in a life, where all his thoughts, actions and conversations are determined by a daily script. While visiting the local art museum, Dan faces a mysterious woman who challenges her entire perspective. Josieot Crendals and Savanna Hot Star tell about the craving and abundant life in this attractive and thought-respective story.
601 ::: Jukka (2009) ::: short ::: "Two nights ago a man put the barrel of his weapon on my forehead and started crying ..." This film is a journey to the human condition seen through the eyes of a photographer. With a series of vignettes, the spectator is hindered in a world of love, lust and violence and endless search for identity.
602 ::: Working Lunch (2017) ::: short ::: On a regular day, two Liberal Nina and Jesh friends, an American Indian and a member of the LGBTQ community, are excited to lunch at a new Indian restaurant until they stopped by hate hatefulness throughout the restaurant. The determined view, Nina kills her friend to the restaurant, and the devastated owner surprised Shoo. As they sit, another amazing supporter arrives. When it was quickly revealed that Mark is a Trump's dedicated voter, a argument between Jess and Mark. Finally, Jesse, Mark and Nina realize that they have to get their misconceptions and gather for common interests: they turn the message of hatred into a positive Hindu blessing, not only for their friend but for their community. .
603 ::: U prolazu (2014) ::: short ::: This is a short erotic film of lesbian art in connection with a random encounter between two women, full strangers with one another, in the city of Belgrade. The impulsive attraction between them is driven by a strong sensual connection and the story is quickly built on just one afternoon leading to a fascinated night. With an element without dialogue and complimentary music, this short film can represent someone's fantasy or a dream.
604 ::: Chuck (2000) ::: short ::: A psychological thriller that takes place in the mid -1960s is a dark and comical story of a door to door seller and his mysterious obsession. You see, Chuck does not really sell subscriptions, it is after something a little more substantial ... An intense examination of an obsessed depraved mind by the end of linear culture, "chuck" presents a unique vision and shocking madness.
605 ::: Einmannland (2017) ::: short ::: The 23 -year -old Killian finds himself a coincidence in a container in the North Sea. Here he spends his day as a bird warden, keeping stock of 30,000 migratory birds. At a distance of several miles alone from the mainland, he is a document of everyday challenges and treasures of his hemat existence in a cinematic diary.
606 ::: Retriever (2014) ::: short ::: The lonely middle -aged man, Milan steals the last memory of the working family - Retriever Goldy. The simple symbol of previous happiness - Goldy - turns into Milan's guide that leads him to knowing himself, his soul and mind. In his mind along with Goldy he follows fifty other wild dogs.
607 ::: The DC Five Memorial Film (1969) ::: short ::: The DC Five Memorial Film is structured in five sections: a young man leaving the ecstasy in an abandoned house in Massachusetts; Childhood home films in 1953 Connecticut; Footage fired on my farm in New York state in the summer of 1969, as some of my friends cross cigarettes in the woods; A part at the Discotheque Sanctuary in the summer of 1969, a photographed using the same reel of the color film re-loaded in the camera at least seven or eight times; And finally the apoteosis of the work, which contains a group of young women, linked, runs from the Bus Authority port terminal in the dead of the night.
608 ::: Der Bruder (2016) ::: short ::: Mike is autistic. He and his younger sister Suse hide in abandoned barracks. He wants to go back home, but she plans to stay. While Mike is starting to explore the new site, Suse is delivered not to be found. She knows their father is looking for them.
609 ::: Homeless (2014/III) ::: short ::: 9-year-old Ash is an innocent child stuck between his fighting parents who are hardly interested in him. The neglect of his existence becomes more clear to him on his birthday when he sits in his room in anticipation and both parents forget to want him. After waiting in vain, he goes to offer his father some chocolate candy for his birthday, but after avoiding disgust, Ash decides to leave home the next morning. He spends the day digging the streets and thinking about the events that led to it. Come at night, he shelters in a partially built house, but is scared of the darkness and the noises around it. He is helpless to give his family another chance as he remembers his mom's words for not losing hope. But after his return, he realizes that his parents have not missed him, nor are they worried about him. He hears them to argue outside and learn that he is the reason for all this and that because of him, that his parents are married. A sad, crying and broken heart, he decides to face the uncertainty of the world, not to live with his parents. It's homeless.
610 ::: The High Sierra: A Journey Through the Sierra Nevada Mountains (2015) ::: short ::: Available in 4K UHD. A trip at the highest levels of the Sierra Nevada mountains in this wonderful UHD 4K video. Strangely scenes from "the range of light" are compared to beautiful instruments to create a relaxing and inspirational experience.
611 ::: I Am God and Severely Underqualified (2016) ::: short ::: The author's life is complicatedly tied to his own machine: He's old with it, for years he has ended stories with it, he restores and tends to it, and now, now, alone With his thoughts, he writes his next film. He starts fighting, and he is dealing with a creative block, and he is looking for ways to cross it. He sought to inspire him around, he pushed forward with his work, but the rough and perforated sound of a leaky sprinkler behind him leads to a terrible realization. - what she seems to be actually happening, and unable to stop her hand, she fears whether she is a Creator, but it creates other worlds, or the character who by no means the actual choice of existence Not, it's scared.
612 ::: Les champs de l'image (1987) ::: short ::: Yesterday portrait of Manito's portrait, and yesterday and today, "LES Champs de L'Intrich" studies important issues related to both civilizations of all civilizations: culture, economics, politics and language. We know the characters who live and certify the small and great history of the French manito, we applaud the ingenuity of artists and crafts, we move with a difficult fate of pioneers. To group ten vivble. They are: Dancers of the River, Yerzar, Clant Ayotn, Cryrebs, Old Artar, Belgian Colonet, Fort Gibraltar (Night), Form Gibraltar (Night), Form Gibraltar (Night), Form Gibraltar (Night).
613 ::: The Discarded (2017/I) ::: short ::: A successful journalist, who has been released, is about Logan Fletcher, who has been released from a 10 -year -old jail sentence in New York in New York because he is responsible for his daughter's death in a drunk driving accident. After losing everything, his wife, his house, his job, Log decided to return to a small rural city in South Florida, where he was raised. Now broken and dispersed, Logan tried to gain some respect as a journalist in the city. His discovery of the story eventually leads him to the body of a young girl in the woods. Therefore, it begins to try to solve the murder of this girl just to wrap herself in a city that covers the terrible livestock operated by Mr. Black, which takes the scattered teenagers and tries to "purify" them. It is a story about love, loss, and a man who has the opportunity to release himself for the death of a young woman by saving a young woman.
614 ::: 8 Stories That Haven't Changed the World (2010) ::: short ::: 8 signs, Polish Jews born between 1914 and 1933, take us to the land of their youth, their first dreams and their adventures. The story refers to the earliest memories of the characters: what was the first book they read, what was their first day at school, when did they first drank alcohol, what was the name of their first love?
615 ::: Fahr mit uns zu Linda (2014) ::: short ::: One night, Richard appears in his sister Linda in their parents' car. Parents have prepared the car for a trip and committed suicide in the back. Brothers and sisters seek an explanation until they find a last request. The night in front of Linda's house is traversed by moments from the last hours of parents' life, which shine the light on the family situation.
616 ::: Ain't No Sunshine (2008) ::: short ::: This is a beautiful night, closing young and shy Andrea restaurant. On his way, he stumbled on two dangerous criminals, who are not very happy to witness on their score. But as soon as they left, a dark shape comes out of the dark and saves the life of the young woman. After a rough night, Andrea decides to look for her savior and perhaps to go beyond the mask.
617 ::: Ghost Stories (2005) ::: short ::: In Ghost Stories, the filmmaker tries to reconcile the difference between myth and reality with respect to female archetypes. She weaves the story of three women, her mother, herself and Diana de Legend Ghost, to understand her own role as a mother and daughter without a mother.
618 ::: Odyssey (1986) ::: short ::: The film is a visual poem shot in the Anza-Borgo desert. The work depicts the odyssey of a woman / goddess / humanity from birth to innocence, through growth in pride and sin, to death, then to a transcendental meeting to that.
619 ::: Dancing Dolls of Burlesque (1946) ::: short ::: This short burlesque is divided into four striptease routines. The first one presents Sunny Ray in "A Ray of Sunshine" followed by Jill La Ray in "The Torrid Telepre", 'Patty Long (II)' (QV) in "The Pacific Pin-up girl" and concluding with 'Jean King ((Iii) '(QV) in "The blonde Venus".
620 ::: 200 Block (2009) ::: short ::: It is done in a recent tragedy in southwestern Montana, 200 interrupting the artist history. Most of the city in U.S. having the destruction of their local area. However, on March 5, 2009, this illustration took in Bazeman, MT, after the morning, many buildings destroyed several homes and bad news. The film checks the weather of Bozeman in these days following this disaster.
621 ::: Taint (1994) ::: short ::: "Fear is a nice way to keep a dead relationship life" This slogan invites you to a sinister piece of relationship between two beauty women. The dark woman has here Morbidi's own ideas about the love of her friends for a man. With a dance provoking she throws her body to the man. When leaving the other woman he is killed by her morbida girlfriend. Love tainted with a deadly end.
622 ::: Casting (2014/II) ::: short ::: What will happen if you get down in love, you found, disappoint, disappoint, disappoint, disappoint is something that Will occur with cake and correct. They just met and although they think they are done for each other, not only their action skills, but their next relationship.
623 ::: #Filmisinco (2012) ::: short ::: On May 18, 2012 at 10:30 a.m., Governor Hickenlooper signed the new Colorado film bill and left an imprint in the chronology of Colorodo. This short film, which was presented in first on the 30th anniversary of the Colorado Film and Video Association, tells the last seven months of change in the Colorado film industry and provides many reasons to turn in this beautiful state. The film was made 100% by the creatives of Colorado at Croooked Lake Productions and 5K Insight and features the creatives of Colorado. On May 18, 2012 at 10:30 a.m., Governor Hickenlooper signed the new Colorado film bill and left an imprint in the chronology of Colorodo. This short film tells the last seven months of change in the Colorado film industry and provides many reasons to turn in this beautiful state.
624 ::: Joy (2000) ::: short ::: Joy lives with her family in Australia. We follow her as she rests in the mall with her friends, the shoplift for fun, the boys' kiss and tease them sexually, entering the fighting etc. before eventually entering the house for an angry home. We always see it go through a range of emotions while placing and comments from it and its parents scrolled around the screen with bold writing.
625 ::: His December 20th Story (2008) ::: short ::: Winter time: Christmas season. It is too cold. A 27 -year -old boy enters a cafe. He looks at the happy young people. He goes to the bar and sits. There is a 35 -year -old man next to him. He thinks he will be like that man within five years. And then a beautiful girl enters the cafe. She is her ideal daughter. She wants to talk to her but can't. She is shy and thinks if she talks to her, and she rejects her, the boy laughs at her. He tries to be brave, but it's very difficult to do.
626 ::: Two Ways (2009/I) ::: short ::: Two men climb a rocky and lifeless mountain. Their efforts are difficult and mood is tense. As we follow the youngest man on foot, we can feel his increasing anxiety of how to cope. When his tension grows to the top, something breaks. While we lose the foundation, almost falling, we are stumble on a different road.
627 ::: Conversation(s) (2017) ::: short ::: Sean 1, we have signed: Matthew receives a call from a drummer in his group and finds that the band has earned a record deal. Scenario 2, we must speak: Matthew receives a call to make a serious conversation from his girlfriend. Scenario 3, Positive: Mathews receives a call from his doctor with some test results. Scene 4, Country Clem: Country Clems Country Chum and Energy!. Now in the form of pill and beverages. YeeeeEehawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwhight!
628 ::: Mary Jane (2018) ::: short ::: Mary Jane is a dry girl, broken in her heart, Stoner, who just wants to leave the world in her old pizza box and roaches cave. However, her best bud will not allow her to go quietly and attract it for a night of drugs, those animals and reflection of herself.
629 ::: Abyss (2010) ::: short ::: Abyss portrays an urban reality that is characterized in different ways by migration: people in motion, the transfer of money and power, and the transgressions of the imagination. The characters move exploratory, drunk with private and public spaces. The attention focuses on a woman and her 'negotiations' of the physical and economic surroundings, but the urban landscape remains the main protagonist in the film, so that the economic, political and social dynamics of the city seems to have been absorbed For movements, speech and speech and the character psychology.
630 ::: Feelings of Depression (1950) ::: short ::: This information video describes disappointment and teaches proven methods to deal with and treat depression. Practical self -help tips can help you get relief immediately after weakening the depression. Find out how you feel by changing how you think! Video White Board Style helps to be interested in and retain more. This video is suitable for people who want to get a good feeling of treatment settings, group therapy sessions and good.
631 ::: The Day Someone Died (2013) ::: short ::: A short film collage collage around 4 elements (fire, earth, water, wind). The goal of this collage was to include film techniques that we learn and/or masters, including: steadicam, dolly shots, time loss and slow motion. The action stands for interpretation and we encourage the audience to use their ideas and fill out the story that comes to mind.
632 ::: Hadj Cheriff (1894) ::: short ::: Hadji Cheriff (QV), a performer known for various unusual abilities, demonstrates part of his act in the Studio Thomas Edison (I) (QV). He has a large knife in his hand at the detection of the act. He then throws the knife and begins a quick series of dance moves, performing multiple wheels and rotating movements.
633 ::: First Light (2002/I) ::: short ::: It was dawn in the morning of the Vernal Equinox. The rescue workers' group was working hard all night to protect people trapped in a massive flash flood in the desert. Tired and physically drainage, dawn light gradually built and the emotional effect of night events exacerbates them, they slowly adjust their equipment. Standing on the shore of a woman, looking into the valley of her friends and neighbors once lived. She is quietly waiting, filled with fear and hoping for the fate of a loved one, her son will never return.
634 ::: "Anti-Meth Campaign" (2012) ::: short ::: Mathambatamine is a highly addictive drug that creates a serious impact on nationwide communities and families. Around 400,000 Americans are believed to be considered accustomed to Meth. In an attempt to reduce Meth misuse within the Chikasaw nation borders, the Chikasaw Lightrys Police Department and the Oklahoma Bureau of Narcotics have developed an anti-Myth initiative known as "B winner, Stand Your Ground".
635 ::: Tamarack (2015) ::: short ::: Tamarak is a wildlife rehabilitation and education center injured, orphaned and sick and specializes in the defense, treatment and publishing of sick wildlife. In addition, Tamarak provides public education programs and materials on the behavior of many species of wildlife, feeding and natural accommodation.
636 ::: Mr McKinley in Moviola Mayhem (2008) ::: short ::: Mr. McCinley liked itself. He can resist the interesting new attractiveness of "Meanmoskop"? What does he do not know, the wicked drives had another table for our unreliable hero. But once again watched McCintie to make sure he has the last smile.
637 ::: Postcards (1990) ::: short ::: A divorced couple tries to keep in touch via postcards of typical "American" sights: motels, monuments, parks; But their postcards cross by post. There are misunderstandings; Passion decreases; Romance fades ... Yet the postcards keep coming.
638 ::: Push Process (2007) ::: short ::: Oakli and 1242 Products HD A WITH THE HD ACTIVITIES WITH STOCKING RETURN AND WAKES WITH WINNING THROUGH THE WITH AWARDING WITH THE GREAT WORDS. Join the athletes with the most athletes as they follow perfect water in the most foreign places of the world.
639 ::: The Ghost That Talked (1957) ::: short ::: The recreation of events that occurred during Shovil, Quebec, persecuted since 1889, and his investigation by a paranormal enthusiast and journalist Percy Wowkok. This was followed by a discussion of Poltergeist phenomena in Canada by P.S. Lambert, an expert in the field and author of the book examining the supernatural, which in itself contains a story about the pursuit of Chauville, discussed in the film.
640 ::: Radar Contact (2007) ::: short ::: This film shows the operation, skills and limitations of the radar. By understanding the radar, the pilot can use its valuable help more effectively. Illustrates why transponders into today's modern air traffic control system are essential for flight safety. This registration from the national archives may contain quality changes based on the restrictions of the original source.
641 ::: Odyssey (1986) ::: short ::: The movie is a visual view in the Bordeo desert on anazza. Work maps
642 ::: Superhero (2011/II) ::: short ::: "Superhero" follows the story of Margot, a young woman who catches on the death of her parents by wearing a homemade superhero costume. She doesn't know exactly when she started wearing the costume or why she makes her feel better, but somehow has become her new skin. With the help of a few friends, and a unique comic club, Margot begins to take her first steps back in the real world.
643 ::: Tabula rasa (1989) ::: short ::: Tabula is a form of true is a movie heart. Vowwristic wishes to any case before all cinema. In theory, what kind of christmas metstar and Jacque Dakan are displayed as a translate film. At first, we can only recognize the shadows that appear to be a picture of a woman who does not solve yourself. Exactly, when one knows what one knows what it is, the camera is in front of the object. The basic principle of the tabula is distance, the basic principle of vooevorism, which reflects the object of wish, but he continuously removes it from our view.
644 ::: DEC Nepal Earthquake Appeal (2015) ::: short ::: Young Limmy provides Nepal Earthquake Apple in the decision of this decision. A large quake of Nepal destroy Nepal, killing thousands of people without access without access without access without access. The DA Commission, UK ACOME ACCOUNT CARRY, I have begun the urgent request to help people affected. You can call the call of 0370 60 900 (Standard Geographic Costs of Ground and Mobile Expenses App Buck 9999, London Ec 3 "AA.
645 ::: Txiki (2012) ::: short ::: TXIKI is an organized documentary piece on the artist Txiki Medina (1958) and focused on the creative process of the oil panel. In order to collect his strange engineering, the artist is inspired by urban spaces and sides of nature, places full of elements that, instead of seeking, have been faced. There is also a campaign towards meditation, towards revealing the human interior where silence plays a major role. Follow that the passage of time is left on each image. Drawing is a metaphor for the speed of time.
646 ::: Jürgen in seinem Passat (2004) ::: short ::: By meeting an opportunity that Anton ends with leadership with Juergen in Volkswagen, and is subject to hearing a boring ethical story. Suddenly the outside world melts with the words of Juergen, and through an unexpected turn of events, the unequal couple from Jurgen and Anton themselves find themselves throw together as partners in the crime.
647 ::: That Lizard Laden Death Feel (2016) ::: short ::: David is an education, getting in a school in the house. GEVEEVIVI brings back, large, and where it falls on the table. David assured that her subjects and took it in ignorance to himself. It starts asking questions to the announcement of the masculine - can you ask yourself to be afraid of yourself? What, if anything, is under the bowl?
648 ::: Growing in the City: NRCS Assistance for Urban Farmers (2017) ::: short ::: Small towns, urban vehicles expanded many communities, higher industries or Aquacidult, all examples of civil farm farm. The growth of the fastening can be purchased in a palate of the country of the city and create economic opportunities to farmers and neighborhoods. But it comes with a challenge with special opportunities.
649 ::: The Spirit of Jenny Anne (2011) ::: short ::: Jenny Anne's spirit is about Charlie Pahulu, a fire dancer and widower for fifteen years, who always organizes a wedding anniversary party for his lost wife a long time ago, Jenny Anne. The film is about its last anniversary party. Jenny decides to let him go and in secret he helps Charlie find a wife. It represents why Jenny never lost any of her parties. This is 7 days late. Enjoy the movie.
650 ::: Shifting Baselines in the Puget Sound (2008) ::: short ::: Puget's noise slowly turns down. Did you know that scientists now recognize the presence of mint and cinnamon in the sound of puppet, growing around the holidays? Where did you think all this will happen? But mint and cinnamon are just the beginning. The symbol of Puget Sound, Orca, is dying across the Seattle region. Their bodies are filled with toxins and chemicals, which are only buried in the area where 3 levels of hazardous waste is disposed of. The worst of all we are desensitized to a world without Orcas, where we cannot swim in water or fish due to mercury levels. Our baseline has been changed to understand the sound of Puget.
651 ::: Panorama Obscura (2009) ::: short ::: Tina, a middle -aged South Asian woman, and Tanya, a Nouveau Rich Housewife, aspiration to make a documentary. Both want to capitalize on the current trend towards Islamic things. Tina is fascinated by the 9th-century Arabian scientist Ibn-ul-Hitam, while Tanya is more interested in portraying the previous pride of Islam by resorting to cultural clich. Tina's young drug dealer Tye, only joins the project to accelerate tension among women. Confusion, desire and cheating surface as an attempt to take advantage of the position, reveal the symbiotic and parasitic aspects of urban existence.
652 ::: A kockaember (2017) ::: short ::: Jayoff works for forever in tie brick factory and everything should be like a clock work in your life. However, everything is changed, the habitana safety separated when he was accidentally established to retire. When his wife died is the center of his life and was a secret mission that is now in danger.
653 ::: Babysitting Andy (2007) ::: short ::: What do you do if not don't do or not haven't you and no one will tell you what is "feltic" mean? When Andy arrives at the uncle and his boyfriend baby, Andy is not the best behavior. Armed guns with a sopropoller and an exposed mind, Andy men's corner, who cannot be compatible.
654 ::: Liefde voor de Geest (2013/II) ::: short ::: Sophie is a single parent when he stopped. Although Sophie says this emotional story with his employees and his employees, some surprises are done. Turning the common interview in 'licenses. Have anything or with whom they are, or is it something about their unknown sexuality?
655 ::: Tennessee Guards (1909) ::: short ::: This interesting picture shows that a small guard of colored soldiers is placed by a drill, and it shows that they make it really admirable. One of the characteristic of their maneuvers is a clever way in which they scaled the high -leaked wall. It shows that men can win the castle in times of trouble or scaly the wall to escape from the enemy.
656 ::: (k)now (t)here (2011) ::: short ::: "(K) Now (t) here" is a film journal on the summer trips of summer 2009 which was simply to be "on the road". No certain destinations, moving with one -way tickets, surrounded by strangers ... continuous and unpacking, almost daily the unusually wide perception open because of putting myself in all possible mysterious moments ... I have become emerged by being anonymous as a subtle sound has been amplified in a complete silence or a dark light has become visible in total darkness.
657 ::: Love Is...? (2008) ::: short ::: On the surface of Carl and Tia, they appeared as two young people who loved each other. However, with the tornado resolving their young romances, their so -called "love" lines are blurred, the young couple and the relationship they are extremely disappointed in Lengeh.
658 ::: The Unforgettable Richard Beckinsale (2000) ::: short ::: A moving and informative tribute to the British comedy actor Richard Beckinsale, who died in 1979 in 1979. Archive clips of his TV and film career (including 'Poridge' and 'Rising Damp') are shown in addition to interviews with friends, co-stars and co-stars and his actress daughters, Samantha and Kate.
659 ::: Broadway Gossip No. 2 (1932) ::: short ::: "Leo Donelly (i)" (QV) in the role of a Broadway columnist who interviews stars, celebrities and Wannabes and no children of the time, supposed to set the record straight. Paulette Goddard discusses her commitment / no commitment with Charlie Chaplin; Paul Whiteman tells how he had to lose 100 pounds before getting married, and Harry Thaw and Evelyn Nesbit - The girl in the Swing Velvet Red - Tell him what's going on in their lives in December 1932. Leo then dug images featured star archive featured feathered with featured archive images featured feathered with shy feattop archive images featured in featured archive images featured in featured in featured in Featured with archive images featured featured featured featured featured feat set as a star in a star feat set as a star in featured feat at the star in featured featured feathe Feathered featured in their watch the four husbands of Gloria Swanson ... one at a time.
660 ::: Junior! The Wendy's Guy (2006) ::: short ::: A short documentary about men who have achieved cult status on Austin School campus on a campus at the University of Texas through the quick and non -orthodox handling of a register in Wendy's, Texas. The film explores his rare celebrity, records his 7th anniversary in Wendy's, and records his attempt to shatter his current sales record within 30 minutes.
661 ::: What's Buggin' You (2003) ::: short ::: A funny story about Kana abuses, a clumsy but loving bear, his fur, and the family of the bees he encounters, randomly slammed on the bee. Bees blame the bear for their problems and retaliate. Unfortunately, Kana's best friend, Fluff Fur Roo, does not help, and leaves him to take care of himself when confronted with angry bees.
662 ::: Testing the Undertow (2007) ::: short ::: The "Commitment Experiment" is a personal examination of class, pride and identity that has played in the landscape of Marin, California since the 1980s. The film ends with a 16 -mm filmmaking film, offering a personal family history of financial struggles and victories in the 80s and 90s in combination with the current economic and cultural topography of the city.
663 ::: For Land's Sake (1950) ::: short ::: This short movie promotes the control of the animal to take care of and promote lower levels on the farm. The application of foods is the best economic, useful way to make the growth of a tree: it makes the lower and make better. The proper security system is displayed in the international harvester hand-used equipment and equipment.
664 ::: Three Cherries (2006) ::: short ::: When we are all on holidays, we are drawn to leisure games, which we have been deceived by bright lights, strange sounds and childhood echoes. But in the case of people who never leave, those who find their hobbies become attractive, addiction, or even a lifestyle? For most people, gambling is a harmless fun. For some this is an uncontrollable and comprehensive follow -up. For others an indirect profession. The fact that gambling can be very valuable creates a significant risk for some people. There is a good line between gambling and a gambling problem. The three cherries strives to reach the roots of gambling. The film examines the life of the game, inside the device and inside the forced and professional player.
665 ::: Revital Is an Alien (2016) ::: short ::: Gabriela is thrilled when she finds a baby in the forest- she always dreamed of having a daughter. She calls the baby Revital. While Revital is growing and develops into a little stranger, it is becoming increasingly difficult for her to exist in a world that differs from her. Gabriela does everything she can to calm her daughter and make her happy. But Revital remains sad. When an opportunity for another life comes, your love will be put to the test.
666 ::: Dolls (2006) ::: short ::: Inspired by a story that appeared in a newspaper since the 50s, this short film plays a year in the life of a young girl Mushe. Considered too skinny to earn a living in Moulin Rouge, Mushe was expelled and saved by suicide by a group of puppets from city to city, performing street puppet shows for a few boring francs. She joins them during their trip and together they become a lot of attraction, making more money than they ever did. For their part, the puppets become the beloved family of Musse, but behind them is a cruel and violent person who is desperately in love with her: "Everything would be so perfect if it was not the puppeteer." The fly has to decide, stay for the love of the puppets, or go to escape from the terrible anger of the puppeteer.
667 ::: Le Roi de Glace (King of the Ice) (2012) ::: short ::: Most people are shaking with the idea of ​​riding a bike in the winter. Others enjoy it. For several dedicated cyclists in Toronto and bicycles, winter is time to show their dedication. For nearly twenty years, Toronto has been the scene of the only ice race in North America in a closed -style cycle -style chain - otherwise known as an ice rink for ice hockey.
668 ::: Das Geheimnis der grauen Zellen (1994) ::: short ::: The story of a first failed painter whose bitter struggle within the limits of his artistic works is traced from his studio to the interior of his brain.
669 ::: Enter the Sandman (2006) ::: short ::: The Sandman is a world -famous American professional wrestler who is best known to enter the ring for the tribes of metallicas Inting Sandman and beer against the head. When he toured in Great Britain in 2005, the true nature of the Sandman gradually revealed when life threw some disturbing and unexpected surprises.
670 ::: Outside Kim's (2009) ::: short ::: A young and the page and the next actress was encrypted by more Zalamio fan because she leaves a local video shop. Trying to impress, he registers him with his community cinema. I didn't know, he starts the insulting her and work until he was eliminated, he goes at the end.
671 ::: A Day in the Life (2015/II) ::: short ::: An unconventional day in the life of Nicola, who begins with the eye and takes her to the city, her banded eye like a pirate. At home, the bakery or in the office of his analyst, the various judgments of his wanderings are part of a much more complex trip, however, a closely woven fabric in which there are the least of the snags; A hitch spreads and takes place to finally take a new form. It is this awareness of being homosexual, and yet of never having accepted it.
672 ::: Alguém Olhará Por Ti (2005) ::: short ::: Sheep drawing at Mariana and Jonah Primary School; The teacher chooses Mariana best and pins it to the wall; Then, Jonah's request sticks to her another choice, and Jonah also pins the sheep to the wall. Mariana and Jovana feels that they are constantly imitating each other and going to go y, and after Jonah, after class, Mariana Wall will see how Jovana draws from the exhibit, but if she does, she drops a ink bottle on the floor. Jonah did not say a single word, but after Mariana went, she also takes drawing from her opponent's wall. Later, the teacher demanded that the culprit for a bottle of ink is to blame himself. Mariana does not - and Jonah comes forward, she takes the unqualified punishment. Or is she? In a child -like environment, jealousy, goo ying and very adult themes of the wrong.
673 ::: Walking Dogs (2009) ::: short ::: Walking dogs explore the daily life of a young married woman who discovered that he was satisfied with the role he created for himself. This movie challenges the concept that marriage must be monotonous. If you fully accept a specific routine or mental state, you can bring out great joy from the selected life style.
674 ::: Junior! The Wendy's Guy (2006) ::: short ::: A short documentary on a man who has reached cult status on the University of Texas campus in Austin thanks to his rapid and unorthodox manipulation of the Wendy's register in Texas Union. The film explores its unusual celebrity and tells of its seventh birthday at Wendy's and its attempt to break the current sales record in half an hour.
675 ::: Sar..rr..ra (Joy Run) (2004) ::: short ::: Sar..rr..ra [English title: The Joy Run] is for muddy football in the rains season. Such excitement should not be in any other game. If there was a ranking of the emotion developing around football, India and especially Bengal, it would have headed the list. Bits from fun players interviews, along with a quick soundtrack consisting of Indian instruments, mostly shock -tuned for games. Forgetting the limitations of rules and regulations, fun is supreme in the fields. What is needed is just a piece of land/spots of land. Throughout the rainy season, fun football is played in cities and villages. The joy of playing football in the rain - fun and excitement are the subject of this movie. Suddenly comes the rain and the street Maradonas from Kolka struck the fields in their joy.
676 ::: Devils in Baggy Pants (2001) ::: short ::: Satan indicates the aircraft of the second global war. In the production of this, the director spring spring film a series of five and a range of the W. W II Fifth Widespread interviews with an enlightened interviews with the Elliotta Lender Soldiers Explore.
677 ::: Tomb Raider: Are You Game? (2001) ::: short ::: This documentary makes a brief look at the Tomb Raider video game phenomenon. This piece, with a combination of game photos and interviews with Julie, Operations Manager in the original design of Adrian Smith, the head of the World Development for Jeremy Heat Smith, and Eidos CEO Mike McCarwar, this piece on the roots of the project and its future Says.
678 ::: Flesh Wounds (2003) ::: short ::: Located against the backdrop of a round town of Jersey Shore, the meat wounds follows three people with little opportunity and even less sense. When her case boyfriend Mark is not around, Kelly was distracted by Mark Eddie's brother - a punk unintentionally, without work and ultimately harmless who loves himself a dangerous rebellion. This situation plays to its logical end and arouses a violent confrontation between the three. Two days later, Eddie, as a ridiculous combination of the protagonist of the Anti-Hero song and Springsteen to Springsteen, runs through his little town, looking for his brother Mark, retaliated in his mind. Kelly tags together, trying to keep Eddie from both trouble and out of danger. Armed with as much gloomy determination as he can manage, Eddie will have his revenge - if he can sometimes find his target. During a long night, the three will discover that things are not always as heavy as anyone can want them to be, and that while life can really imitate art, it does not always do a very good job of its.
679 ::: Steak or Ramen (2017) ::: short ::: Steak or Ramen is a short film that shows the initial stages of alienation of the parents and triggers the child's support, as we see the tangled ways in which the maintenance check can be used. Andre (father) causes the system to work best while Liz (mother) can take advantage of the system.
680 ::: Every 15 Minutes: Bishop Union High School (2017) ::: short ::: Joe is at the top of the world. He has a scholarship to play College football and get the degree of his dreams, and he has a great friend. He asks her to go to college with him. He loses the football slot that breaks off his scholarship and his girlfriend will find out. His life ended in Joe's head, and his best friend shows him alcohol to kill the pain and have fun.
681 ::: The Last Stop Cafe (2003) ::: short ::: Night at a cafe on the road in the middle of nowhere, Waitress Carla meets Lyle, a beautiful wet musician who matches the description of a notorious series killer on the loose. Although on his own, Carla decides to stop Lyle until the local police arrive so he can raise the prize money. But when authorities become detained, Carla wants to put aside the seductive advances of the musician in order to survive.
682 ::: Escape from London (2011) ::: short ::: In 2011: due to the frequentation of Frightfest Rising 400%, the West End of London was transformed into a maximum fortified security prison to contain gender fans, and is now under the command of the self-named mayor of London. He in turn captured the president of the P.R. of Frightfest (Greg Day) who holds the only ones left guest left to the event. Miss S. Plissken was sent to a deadly mission to obtain one of the precious invited collar ... and this snake fills death! This short film recreates and tribute with love some scene from the 1981 classic of John Carpenter (i) '(QV) "_escape de New York (i981) _".
683 ::: The Working Man (2017) ::: short ::: Animated short about a miserable man stuck in a very bad work with incredible machinery and angry boss. Created by Animator Tim Siorphos, the film is a Medcap story of alien laborer drawn in a meaningful sketchy style. An anonymous acting man takes a machine in a mad factory full of impossible mechanical development and is a labyrinth infinity that reminds me of the future helscapes of the Samurai Jack of Taratakovsky. And while there is a simple conspiracy at work, it runs an important idea about the cost and wealth of the labor of domestic abuse.
684 ::: Warriors of the Net (1999) ::: short ::: For the first time in history, people and machinery are working together, realizing a dream. A united force that does not know a geographical range. Regardless of race, creed or color. A new era where communication actually brings people together. It is the morning of the net.
685 ::: Instruction by Correspondence (1909) ::: short ::: Bertram Brown, a weak young man, is hard. In the newspaper he reads an advertisement of "How quickly a fortune to earn, given by correspondence" and sends the details. The first lesson tells him that he must earn the gratitude of a millionaire by saving his life. He chooses such a person, a Mr. Moneybags, and follows him everywhere in the city in the hope of saving his life. Moneybags becomes suspicious, says the police and Brown is arrested as an anarchist with murderous intentions. Anxious by failure, he takes the second lesson, who tells him to save an heir. He looks in front of the house of a rich girl, sees her, as he thinks, comes out, saves her in a busy street to run down, only to find, after his adventure, that it is the servant. The third lesson tells him to save a rich, old girl from a burning building and if necessary to set the building on fire. He hides under the bed of a rich old lady. Miss Perkins, with this intention, but is discovered, arrested as a thief and, instead of finding a fortune, continues to break stones in prison.
686 ::: A Rude Hostess (1909) ::: short ::: The nickname above adapts best to the main lady of this drama of comedy biography, and although rudeness is almost an unforgivable offense, we still do not have to slander the lady, because she just has a reason to be Mude; And we have to admit that it was rude to the extreme, because whoever holds you the most entertainment would only give you back to the police who perpetuate the very time of rudeness. This happened as follows: Ms. Leffingwell was favored by a visit to a few friends in the early evening, and they go out, one of the ladies forgot her round. Ms. Leffingwell flows after her with the pulse heater, exceeding her at the door of the street. Their second meeting evokes renewed thoughts of gossip and they spend a lot of time, because these are the happiest moments of women, in the Ibis diet. In the meantime, a curgled gentleman enters the apartment and, thinking that the Côte is clear, begins to work immediately. He, by clever manipulation, manages to open a small safe in which .MRS. Leffingwell keeps his money and jewelry. He barely bought the loot when someone's approach surprises him. Noting that there is no way to escape, he puts the loot in his pocket and determines the situation by subterfuge. To this end, it is part of an easy chair and prevails sleep. Ms. Leffingwell is surprised when she entered when he saw this stranger, who seems to be the same when he sees her, pretending to have entered the bad apartment. She is about to let him go, when she discovers the safe, and therefore, by attracting looks and invitations, encourages her to stay. She then attracts her attention as she slyly draws the bell which brings her Butler, that she sends for the police, and when our friend Gentleman is convinced that he made a huge success with her hostess, two faithful police officers enter and Travels him, after research, his money and his valuables. Ms. Leffingwell runs after the last of her party guests who leaves to return a forgotten coat. While she got out, a burglar enters the apartment and opens the safe. He cannot do his getaway before his return, and tries to bluff by saying that he entered the bad apartment. She sees the safe open and secretly tells the butler to obtain the police.
687 ::: A Song for Jack (2005) ::: short ::: A song for Jack is a dark story looking at the world from the eyes of a troubled young man. Jack was a shy boy and apparently appeared. His only desire to obtain a radio, but his strict parents will not allow this. They tried to protect him from all monsters in the world, but they failed to see the monster in their son.
688 ::: Christmas on the Gulf (2014) ::: short ::: It threatens to further contaminate their environment and ecosystems in the Gulf's story, oil spill and the construction of petrochemical companies. The town is facing their depression and illusions due to pollution problems. In the case of the next generation and their children, they must deal with the question of why they should care about the environment, when the unexpected visitor to the town that brightens their dilemma.
689 ::: The Da Vinci Code: Unusual Suspects (2006) ::: short ::: It includes notes from the cast and the crew and examines the supporting characters. This short is involved in casting for FACHE, Teabing, Silas, Aringarosa, Sauniere, Remy and Vernet. We also learn about their performances, aspects of roles and creates a very good research for actors and characters to let us know a lot of them.
690 ::: Sugar Water (2006) ::: short ::: Bored-up of reference and kilometer production about two / multi-climbed stackage expressions, "Sugar water" is easily based on non-fictional events. It is said in the form of guidelity, this movie wants to do the same to the usual question that would be the meaning of being exotic in the United States. Belimeri varies with serious issues, Belmuri seems to be a messenger story that all visitors are associated.
691 ::: In Between the Notes (1986) ::: short ::: This documentary celebrates the life of a dedicated musician: Pandit Pran Nath. In the long row of the northern Indian vocal masters of the Kirana style Indian classical music, we have identified his journey from India, with his disciple Avant-Guard composer Terry Relay, in their quest for their expression purity.
692 ::: Billy and Zorba (1999) ::: short ::: Squeezed between the sea and the fluff in a Scottish fishing village, a single mother named Mairy has accepted a proposal to go to the city from her lover Black, who to be with him: for her and her son More opportunities for Billy. But Billy, perhaps 12, about items. He wants to live, and lucky walking on the day, he gets up early and goes away on a local Cremdgon's small fishing boat, which everyone calls Jorba, because he has a lot like the Cazantezakis character. Jorba gives some advice to Billy, while, back to the shore, black is an angry. Then Billy Gets Overboard. Is this good-by-billy, good-by-village, or good-by-black black? Will Jorba Billy teach Billy to dance?
693 ::: Save Postage Save Time Pay Electronically (2004) ::: short ::: "Beauty" of posting and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling. , To read and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling. And for making and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and leisure and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling and feeling That this continues if you know what happens or are left fully disturbing.
694 ::: Puritptýz (2006) ::: short ::: It is summer and everything is fine. A father dies, a relationship dies, courage dies to discuss everything. The film's heroes hurt each other mutually, and behave like fools, not because they, but because in the circle of their friends, this is seen as the standard.
695 ::: The 13th Floor (????) ::: short ::: A man was seriously injured when a car was hit by a car outside his apartment complex, making it difficult to come home to Matthew. Getting to his apartment is more than he has ever taught. His faith and morality is tested along the way.
696 ::: Rain Is Falling (2004) ::: short ::: During the period of great tribulation, the difference between tradition, not fit, looking at the world again and encourages the strangers. It rains and telling the story of solutions, are not as though those who do not love. One thing that displays: A clearance of the relationship relationship of love and one of one has lifting the most easily in redemption. The image of discernment stalking themselves at the meetings. In the sky and the breeze is a flying, without small, beauty of easy and creative, that can be used in the culture.
697 ::: CO2 or You? (2007) ::: short ::: As climate change becomes reality, humanity's confidence in technology to solve our climate issues is challenged by the inability to give up harmful technology. Earth Day 2007 CO2 or you painted? We all ask the question to answer soon.
698 ::: Surf Anwyhere (2016) ::: short ::: This is a story about a small world looking on the world gives the world to the world offers the world to the world of Kananaskas, 45 minutes to outside the Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Over the year Nail Eailgard and Jacob Kello Qinlan, among others, have growned. They are not just waves, but also a river. The purpose of their work, surf is called (the movie to use his personal name), to create a breach of the river all over the world. The red wet is here. Surre wherever - coming soon.
699 ::: Fortuna Berlin (2006) ::: short ::: Half Swiss, half Haiti, Justine, soprano talent, solo career dreams. Anja, Berliner, is an amateur boxer. To meet between the two women. Focus on their parallel stories evolving to a wonderful allegory of personal affirmation against all established social conventions.
700 ::: Crisis 945 (2005) ::: short ::: In what was supposed to be a normal trip to the bathroom, Paul Allan discovers the apparent source of inscriptions in his stall. After becoming the victim of an unnatural attack, Paul fights with his inner demon. This psychological harassment is the end of the end of a man's reality.
701 ::: Mother's Milk (2018) ::: short ::: Mother's Milk is a short dark comedy about the mothers' disagreement in Victor Miller, the screenwriter in The Original Friday The 13th Movies. In this healing story, Victor is instead controlled by his twisted mother, Margaret, who cannot be good enough, and his mother Billy, who behaves as an ointment. While Victor goes throughout his day, his mother tested him on everything made a sandwich to go to the bathroom. Then a mousse -like mother appears and works as a nutritional guide. The battle between mothers is the heart of this dark surreal comed.
702 ::: Made in Taiwan (2006) ::: short ::: Trains Plane Poetry Belly Men's Dancers. Sport. KTV Women. Waiting. Taipei ocean. Waves. Video Video Crash. The image of these words and more can be used to describe in Taiwan, a short film that combines all the above devices, images and techniques to question the questionable impact.
703 ::: Nice & Rough (2011) ::: short ::: Nice & Rough is a award -winning short film about a woman who lays between two types of men. A man treats her like a queen and she looks down at him. The other type treats her like garbage and she looks up at him. This is something that is common in the dating world, so I decided to make a film about it. Observe and enjoy.
704 ::: DEAD MALLS: Tour of the SUNRISE MALL from THE LEGEND OF BILLIE JEAN (2016) ::: short ::: Don Bell Corpus Christist explained the Sunrise Mall tour in the TX. This faded mall is known worldwide as the 1985 film "The Legend of Billy Jean". In addition to his dead mall series, Dawn's focus on the key places in the film.
705 ::: Check Out Time: Another Dirty Room 4 Commentary W/Bonus Footage: Nude Man in Stairwell? (2017) ::: short ::: Dan Bell, Krupinsky and Rick Serra visit their stay in Baltimore, MDS Northeast Garden and Colonial Inn to add new comments and bonus film material in order to bring additional highlights to the blacklights of this fourth addition to the other dirty room series.
706 ::: When I Come Out... Be There (2016) ::: short ::: The film was carried out by interviewing 10 people who talk about their experience. The focus is on emotions that this LGBT man had in their starting process and their friends who have to support them. Fear, anticipation, rejection, confusion, hugs ... are one of the feelings that are shown in these interviews. This variety of feelings and emotions give the dynamics of the entire project - increasingly with effective abbreviations and transitions. Some of them had a very simple, even funny story and experience, while some of them saw a painful and very hurtful one. These confessions are unique stories, but on the other hand, many clichés are filled to whom LGBT people are confronted on the way. In some places, your individual stands and opinions are contradictory, which means that the speakers are confronted with your friends who are not present.
707 ::: Alternate Realities (1997) ::: short ::: "Alternate Realities" is a dark and dramatic piece, which contains underlying comic elements. The main character, Crystal Farmer, immediately took a hard blow by discovering his mother in the aftermath of his unexpected suicide. Obviously distraught, Crystal ventures from his familiar environment, looking for the real reason for the disappearance of his mother. Taking clues that she had discovered in the personal effects of her mother, Crystal is directed in a quest to search for the father whom she has not seen for fifteen years. Crystal finds himself at the heart of Hollywood, very out of his element, confused and disoriented. Crystal is friendship by Candy, a young eccentric woman, Streetwise. Candy helps her new friend in resolving the mysteries of the horrible past of her family. Thanks to a combination of extremely lively and visual memories, and through a brief but revealing psychic session, they deepen the past of Crystal. In the end revealing the true cause of the suicide of his mother and the truth about her father.
708 ::: Platform (2015) ::: short ::: We live in an eventful work, where everyone cares about them. People are not really in a hurry, but society has planted in their mentality. They have to run and hurry. They need to use their elbows to be in front of others. They must integrate into the train which is already full. The platform is news from CPH airport station. It's a vision of stress that society puts on people. The soundtrack includes distorted totalitarian announcements and biblical sentences.
709 ::: Only You (2001) ::: short ::: A recording is set in motion on an old phonograph. A man waits for someone on the platform in a station. A girl descends from the train and sink into her arms with radiant eyes. It is the prelude to a romantic weekend, marked by the notes of the song "Only You", by the Plateaux. When the time of their love and their passion ends, only the sadness of separation remains, and also slowed down. But what is hidden under the enigmatic smile of the girl, when she arrives on the train, which will bring her home?
710 ::: Via Rio (1986) ::: short ::: Via Rio is ODA for our human desire for the relationship. The movie Tumbles through a series of relationships woven around the story of a woman's marriage. This woman is a fresh, feced personality that relates the story of her mother's infidelities while sitting in a flood and pregnant in a garden. Dress around this narrative are a number of other scenes that feed the complex nature of human interaction. Interaction that is sometimes comic, sometimes solitary, but how the pregnant pardon itself indicates part of life.
711 ::: Walking Dogs (2009) ::: short ::: Walking Dogs explores the daily routine of a young married woman who has found pleasure to reside in the roles she has created for herself. The film challenges the notion that married life must be a monotonous existence - if one completely embraces certain routines and mental states, it can bring great pleasure from its chosen way of life.
712 ::: Black Out (2009/III) ::: short ::: It is not likely to be something unusual when you are taking a taxi in the middle of a rainy night to buy some cigarettes. But when you are dealing with love, even reality can be unreal and surrealism may be closer than you think.
713 ::: Zed Said (2016) ::: short ::: When people are 19 years old when independence, they should participate in sorting, where they must play a role as a corresponding page pigment in society. ZED does not accept a system and is a way of living a liberal living in "in the fields of overflow." Jay, Kim, Eddie and Ceds Ceds are says this mystery zed, fearing power to prevent their potential sorting, fearing that they are afraid to gain power.
714 ::: Robertas Sohn (1992) ::: short ::: 12-year-old team lost. The only signs are a little computer using disks with almost unexpected content. There are an increase in indicators that the boy works on the DTTPHIODIomBliaimbaliaimbinit program, the purpose of self-transfer targets are transferred to another dimension.
715 ::: Frizon (2009) ::: short ::: Married vicar secretly cross dressing. When driving while driving in the alarm situation, the police will stop and stop his behavior. His wife supports him and the church forgives him. But life for Vikar becomes less playful.
716 ::: 50/50 (2006) ::: short ::: The '50/50 'deliberately puts its protagonist - and its viewers - joins all of us on the way to the fate: human genetics. Three women, each in a hurtful plight, connected by the cruel fats of a nature: Huntington disease. Now when a genetic test is improving our ability to predict the time and circumstances of our own death, how will human behavior be transformed? What will be the unwanted consequences of the human genome project? And the worst thing that can happen to us can be the best thing we have made with us?
717 ::: I'm Not Britney (2008) ::: short ::: Global Beauty Stars Ndema in this film protected by society and visually staggering that boasts of sixteen clothing changes, eight main international men, a host of young women involving five continents and a vague sending to Hollywood stereotype-girl syndrome- it. A masterful mix of art and activism, the style of the music video and the performance of the spoken word, 'I am not Britney' is a very stylized visual holiday that pushes the boundaries of the cinematic language and captures the powerful words of the empowering attitude of Ndema.
718 ::: Things We Said Today (1992) ::: short ::: Resident with IPPolita, an artist, and is in her fare, left after work, and usually live without responsibilities. He met with Joe, a young woman whose social life layers are held by her father. Without a jam about Jam about Jam about Jam about Jam about Jam about Jam about Jam about Jam about the IP Papilta At the same time, IP paid and homeowner are unpleasant because of the horizonment, she is a sign of love and some of the purity of love. Don't that anything to adoption and responsibility?
719 ::: First Comes Love (1991) ::: short ::: First Cums Love features the perfect choreographers of four wedding ceremonies, with a complex medley of popular love songs. When the atmosphere for the surprising public service announcement is disrupted, the couples seem to be going to everything until the altar reaches the altar. The song and dance continues until happy couples leave, the declining group and some altar leaves the boys, they carefully wiped the rice that blankets the pavement like snow. The film does not make a defensive-effective-effective to protect the company of marriage. Instead, it reveals many subtle emotions around the incident and raises questions about how a double standard affects homosexual and linear couples in relation to marriage.
720 ::: Where is my Paradise? (2015) ::: short ::: This video attempts to remove the developer's head. It is related to Hong Kong home problems. In Hong Kong, many images in TV store is fake. They do not show the room. Beautiful women, companies, pride and large camp is the image used. There is a picture suggested that someone will be able to buy this product. For example, you will be prince or a commander. Most products (room) is most expensive to show them special and powerful. Life is the life of your dreams. You want you to have a good family, so you want home. These ads of these advertisements help build myths and everyone needs to have a home. Most people take more than half of their income to pay and be a slave of their house to Hong Kong. This video looks like a state media, in fact, they are opposed to media. It uses S.I. Dégunt to break words and media and support public judgments.
721 ::: The Black Dahlia Ballet (2013) ::: short ::: Aspiring actresses is cast to draw black dahlia into a theatrical dance production called the Black Dahlia ballet. But as it deeply deepened in the role, the lines between reality and fantasy become increasingly blurred until it begins to doubt its own identity and strength.
722 ::: Adam (2008) ::: short ::: Adam is a psychological excitement that depicts a family's detection during dinner. A clear illusion of the mother leads to a desperate struggle with her son, and when the father is invalidated by violence, things move from bad to worse.
723 ::: The Blood Blessing (????) ::: short ::: Sarah, Eric, and Robert are brothers who run a coffee shop together. Their new employee, Amy, accuses Robert sexually assaulting her. Everyone blame Robert without even trying to relieve the situation, including his siblings. The world of Robert turns into a confusion, and he doesn't know how to fix the situation. He calls for the help of a psychiatrist. The psychiatrist talks to him about the ancient Chinese spells that he can play with his own blood. Through magic, he understands how to protect him without worrying about him.
724 ::: Little Devils Go to Heaven (2009) ::: short ::: Through a habitual excursion of a father, his son and two friends to Lake Mar Chiquita, the little demons go to heaven explores the conflict of protecting a wild landscape against the rights of the natives to access and enjoy their original lands . This piece focuses on a wild landscape that served as the last refuge for the natives of central Argentina, Lake Mar Chiquita. This lake, one of the largest and most wild water masses in South America, is currently almost inaccessible since, in most areas, coastal lands belong to private owners. Altered access added to the prohibition of making fires and hunting further eliminates this landscape of its original inhabitants. Perhaps one of the few goods that natives can benefit legally and fire are definitely the symbol of a culture that has not disappeared. The ideologist of the Argentine Constitution declared, as he was writing, "to govern is to populate ... to populate it with people from Europe." This tension between natives or mestizos and the white population in Argentina is very strong until today, but is not yet recognized to a large extent.
725 ::: Second Chance (2017/II) ::: short ::: Montmartre, Paris, right to the right. A young priest, St. Pierre de Montmartra, crosses himself in the Church songs, looking at the glass windows stained by Max Ingrand. He then quickly moves towards one of the three doors of the western mask and he goes out. He walks with a small forecourt with a view of Ru Du Du Mont-Senis, he is absorbed into his thoughts until he catches the vision of a very beautiful young woman that he stands quite well. He is in front of him, his back turned to him. This very beautiful young woman is drawing a picture of a very prestigious beautiful woman at the age of nearly fifty, who is standing in front of her with her German Shepard dog on a strap. The priest sees the scene from Vivek and in silence. The woman ends her picture and gives it to the woman, she takes her money, takes her equipment that she puts in her Ruxack and she bends her picture. At that moment he barely turns and sees the young priest smiling while she calls her name: Rachel. The young priest called Rachel called Philip, she asks Rachel how he is. After a small friendly conversation, they both congratulate each other while going in opposite directions. Rachel quickly makes his way towards the house, with Rue Lepik while Philip goes back to the church. Once reached in front of the door of her house, Rachel kisses Meizuja (Darjapit) hanging on the right and she gets inside. She congratulates her girlfriend Meleni, she leaves her Rukasack and gives her picture next to the entrance and she joins with her and she joins with her. Kitchen. Girls kiss each other on the lips and share a moment of erotic intimacy while hugging each other. Later Rachel sits down, while Melani adds a cup of jasmine-suggested tea. Soon after that, Melani Rachel passes by a closed envelope. Rachel opens the envelope and reads a letter that touches it deeply. Mélanie sees her in silence. This is a letter from his cousin Nena. Flashback. Scopje, Macedonia. Seven months ago. A stray dog ​​is walking every day in a popular quarter of Scopje. People just avoid passing it. In the same quarter, Nena, a young homeless woman is asking for donations on a road corner. At night she reaches a camp with a dock next to the stone bridge where she sleeps. One night he shares some food and a bottle of alcohol with a small homeless family: the man plays Kaval, he has a young wife and a little girl. Sometimes the dog goes to see Nina and gives her something to eat. Nina enjoys her company. Similarly, when she has food, she shares it with the dog. One day a young Catholic priest passes through Neena and gets closer to him. He is running quickly in a rich man's company. While the priest talks about the trips to Europe with the rich man and a meeting he only sees the girl with compassion and smiles without stopping. One evening the priest has sat in a sports son agency. He removes his banika with meat from the bakery bag. He starts eating a little. Three large coaches of beer next to him lie on the table, two were already opened. He opens a third can and sees his ticket. Two youths start talking about the result of a football match, but the priest is drunk and he considers a part of the speech wrong. As the priest understands that he has lost stakes, he is angry, he goes out of the agency where he throws half of his Banika with a paper towel and his ticket in a bakery bag in a garbage Rolled into a small paper. Street. Street dogs can come for waste, sniff the smell of Banika and takes the bag in her mouth. He crosses the Verdar River and shows in the camp where Nina usually sleeps. He is there, wrapped in two warm blankets. The dog wants to share food with her inside the bag. He keeps the bag near his hand and he wakes him up. Nina opens the bag, hugs the dog and shares half the half of Banika with her. After eating, she opens the bag to take a paper towel when she notices a small paper in a ball. She takes a small rolled paper: it is a sports son ticket. The next morning Nina goes to a sports son agency. A man working there verify the stake and says that it is actually a winning ticket. A few weeks later Nina sits on a coffee bar with her dog. She is drinking a coffee with a friend. They speak for a while, and then leave his friend. Nina lives alone with her dog. She finishes her coffee and when she is about to leave, she notices that the young priest was sitting on a few tables with her. He is drinking alcohol alone and he looks sad and depressed. Nina is standing with her dog and reaches the table. The young priest looks above. The girl sits with her and she starts talking. Rachel is sitting on a bench under the sky of Paris. She resumes Neena's letter, her cousin who will soon go to see her. The woman sitting next to Rachel offered her to go to a nearby cafe to drink something.
726 ::: Very Specific Things at Night (2009) ::: short ::: Very specific things at night are a mobile phone film in Mahiyain Street (Shy Street), Sikatuna, a stone's throw from the Haus of Chavit Septon, which also led the masses to bring President Estrada out of the President Palace.
727 ::: Gefühlte Temperatur (2005) ::: short ::: Manu is now fifteen. She was her mother's age, when she became pregnant. They live together in the Olympic Village in Munich. When Manu drinks, he steals a car and falls in love for the first time, the situation between the mother and his daughter becomes one of the time ever ...
728 ::: 24-Hour Film Royal (2015) ::: short ::: Participants are given 24 hours to complete a movie - writing, filming, editing - everything! The videos must also include three posts that are announced at the beginning of the competition. Notifications may include lines, actions, booths, themes, and so on.
729 ::: Rip Van Winkle (1903/II) ::: short ::: Rip Van Winkle, a lazy American man, one day moves with his dog wolf in the Kaatskill mountains where he meets a strange group of dumping men and playing bowls. He drinks part of their mysterious beer and vanishes. When he wakes up under a tree, it is surprised to see that 20 years have passed and that things are very different. This is a charming story about how America has changed due to the Cival war, only in a different way and more subtle than ever before.
730 ::: Os (2009) ::: short ::: A French woman of half past thirty only lives in a Woods hut. The first night we meet her, Marcel, a 13-year-old boy, beats roughly on her door and welcomes herself in her life. From the point of their introduction, a tension (sexual and otherwise) is formed between the two. The next day the woman reveals the reason for her apparent dissatisfaction: she shows Marcel a large thigh, of which she claims to be the embodiment of her lost husband and source of her mourning. Marcel, wise by his age, leads the woman through a series of obstacles, who require them to go to alien locations, including some from the memories of the woman. There she has to undergo heavy challenges and internal sacrifices. The film progresses and it becomes clear that the woman is making steadily progress for a better state of mind and are. But in the last step in the process, she falters. The entire process is terminated. Her lust and restlessness have thrown her life into a degenerating regression. Marcel packs his bags and leaves her life behind the way he came in. The poor woman is only left in shock, regret and confusion.
731 ::: Desire (2004) ::: short ::: In this work, Tim White-Sobieski explores his own shared personality. He watches his "locked up" wishes and lets her take over his rational side for a moment. He places his face in the middle of the vertical screen. He blocks it from the viewer on the horizontal mixing straps. The strips move like sliding doors that create an illusion of double reality. The artist focuses on a human ability to live two areas - physically and spiritually. In his book Theater and his doubles, Antonin Artaud sat down for a unique language that was composed between thoughts and action. Tim White-Sobieski develops the visual language between his other personalities in order to interpret differences between action and thoughts. The main topic of the desire deviates from erotic imagination. The artist is a two -faced Janus - able to harm both innocence and damage. His face is broken to many pieces - "circles of desire". The artist created perforated fragments of parts of the body that overlap in his imagination. These "confetti" multiply and grow until they completely cover his face. Erotic serves as a further environment in which white-sobusci examines its identity. He divides his face into the screen in two halves, which coexist in various emotional media. Like Shakespeare Iago, the artist says: "I am not what I am". This reference to duality means his deception, but also marks him as an observer of his own behavior. The dual personality is usually a person who alternately changed behaviors, thoughts and feelings. These personalities are often direct contrasts and dominate at different times. These types of individuals strive to solve their identity crisis. You actually have a big struggle for the integrity of an individual yourself.
732 ::: Balancing: The Artists of the National Circus School (2001) ::: short ::: Balancing: Students from the National Circus School are a five -minute film depicting the graduating performances of NCS students. In Balancing, the audience will look at the beauty of performances by installing regular and slow movement of these combinations and will understand another perspective through the soundtrack. Various interviews heard in these combinations will demonstrate the extreme efforts and dedication necessary to achieve (seems to be) beauty effortlessly. The audience will understand the passion, aspiration and efforts that underpin the smoothness of a perfectly trained and sophisticated performer, while realizing that they are watching students who have reached the last step in their academic career. Students from the Montreal National Circus School are seen to perform their procedures against empty origin. These performers are either only in combined acrobats, conjuncts, balancing, gymnasts and trapezoid artists who use a variety of unicelin apparatus to hula hoops to metal rings to ropes to fulfill their combinations. Students talk about emotions and thought processes behind combinations, especially since they actually present themselves. These thoughts are fleeting, as most combinations feel like they are over before they start.
733 ::: Between Girls (1998) ::: short ::: Yauvan has been good for 14 -year -old Olivia, who recently evacuated his best friend N in summer. When two girls move to an elite private school, Olivia is immediately embraced by popular girls and distinguished by boys. Feeling betrayal, Anin looks from the social sideline because Olivia easily created a new power on her classmates. Their friendship is finally reluctant to an encounter between Olivia and the most popular girl's brother.
734 ::: The Politics of Perception (2017) ::: short ::: The film of an artist who asks many questions - it's up to the experiences of the public to give answers. It is a study into our human relationship with mechanical and technological systems, from our place within an information environment. The question marks about film and photographic methods to represent the fictions and documents of our world, and the social framework that distributes and shows these experiences. It is an aesthetic journey to our recognition of images and our prejudices for order and comprehensibility. And it thinks about our human role in the face of entropy. All in all, the history of photography, backwards.
735 ::: Zero Dark Thirty: The Compound (2013) ::: short ::: We hear from the key / creative Kathryn Gloalow, the producer, produces it, the film that makes the EFX Cornuld, Kyleler, Kyleler. Card card, Joel Edgton, Jason Clattke.
736 ::: Trouser Accidents (2004) ::: short ::: "There are three types of lies," wrote Benjamin Disraeli, "lies, lies and statistics." Short and light, comical and bitter, "trouser accidents" gets all three. What seems at first as a documentary about the impossible prevalence of hospitalization due to pants turns out to be a story about the good old -fashioned infidelity. The voice takes the tone of a 1950 hygiene film, but the action is a stroke of scenes that paint a picture of a group of friends. Their story spiles out at a moment where everything changes for our heroine, Lucy. After all, the damage that film stories are a metaphor for treason. Lucy's son's inability to keep him in his pants. The film is conceived as a convergence of facts and fabrications, multi -layer sound elements and graphic elements inspired by the work of the talented stylist Johanna Weinstein. The sound design combines together with sound, dialogue and music. The broken mix of the social scene of the strings, horns and keyboards of the social scene puts tone. Like the pants accidents themselves, the threads here are very common and still universal. Summarized in the last line of sound: "Ordinary things can be very dangerous."
737 ::: Just War (2010) ::: short ::: This film examines the law of the world's world and the world's army centuries and examines whether these two world wars are 'the only war'. The movie explained by general, former British soldiers as "points about the dangerous loads faced in fights of the manner of people".
738 ::: To Fly or Fall (2008) ::: short ::: One morning, a young man walks to his apartment roof. Looking into the edge, he is thinking about jumping. At first he was not aware of her, so he is approaching a young woman on the roof, considering that he is already doing the same thing. We believe that they will not fall down and will fly, rather than each other's interaction and the open roof. What do they do when they approach the edge of the roof, and if they really jump, will they fall or fly as they imagine they can do?
739 ::: Life on the Streets (2014) ::: short ::: What is it like to be home? This movie collects a collection of stories, directly from those who - through circumstance - have turned on the street. From riding buses, to avoiding rats and dealing with poor health, find out only of some of the challenges that the rough sleepers face and those who overcome with the passage of the passage. What is it like to be home? This movie collects a collection of stories, directly from those who - through circumstance - have turned on the street. From riding buses, to avoiding rats and dealing with poor health, find out only of some of the challenges that the rough sleepers face and those who overcome with the passage of the passage. This film was first shown in the hall of the Royal Festival on October 9, 2014, the eve of World Homeless Day, as part of the annual fundraising of the night under the stars, to help the charity for the passage.
740 ::: You (2008) ::: short ::: You are the story of two wandering girls who meet in the midnight Tokyo. Talking about unnecessary subjects to your time and dedicating yourself to the simple pleasures of the moment. You and km gradually know about each other about a goalless walk.
741 ::: It Wasn't After the Porch? (2016) ::: short ::: Three teenagers watch a couple in the middle of their living room ... she plays on her iPad, it's texts. They do not look at each other, they speak randomly, does not remember what she said ... she is accustomed to her. And ... where are you on the front of the libidinal? "One of the adolescents wonders aghast. And so, a strange conversation that mixes a turnover of products, sexual desire and renovation work begins ...
742 ::: Scott Schultz Mini Documentary (2017) ::: short ::: Scott Schultz was born with cerebral palsy. He is also blind in one eye, is deeply deaf without his hearing aids and goes with a stick. However, these restrictions do not define who he is as a person because he is looking for full -time employment.
743 ::: Bhangra Heads (2002) ::: short ::: Fouzia's nineteen -year -old Asian Asian girl is a girl in a supermarket who is looking for romance and is looking for romance while with her best friend Adel in Bhangra heads. Bhangra Heads, located in the colorful Bristol Eston, is a humorous discovery of romantic ideals, while trying to explore some of the intrinsic snowboards in Asian culture that prevents true love.
744 ::: Kosta 3:30 (2006) ::: short ::: The story is a description of Bruno Mathson's townhouse at the glass mill in Costa. Like Mathson's private house in Sodrakul and Frasacul, the townhouses have been neglected for a long time when two artists begin to work. The film is not a documentary, but adhering to the visual and official features of buildings. Artist Carston Nicholais Soundtrack strengthens the abstract and general character of the film.
745 ::: Françoise au printemps (2012) ::: short ::: After filming the Night, Françoise, the director sleeps solidly. But not Anna, her main actress and life company. She does not feel tired and is looking at the segment of "Germany in the fall" made by Fassbinder. Once she decides to wake Françoise so that she watches the film with her. But she would rather sleep. That annoys Anna, who would like her girlfriend to be more politically dedicated and produces working that commenting on today's state, as Fassbinder did.
746 ::: Dan Bell Cutting/Room/Floor #17: Rolling Acres Mall (2016) ::: short ::: Dan Bell is returning his visit to Rolling Mall, which is now concrete in Akeron, Ohio. This short provides the suspension of the manager, which includes a lot of additional information about the legendary commercial center, the surrounding area and the Dan experience in its filming. This movie is a piece accompanying one of the most popular videos in Dan, "Dead Mall: Rolling Acres Mall: Busted by Akron Police!
747 ::: Back Ground (2000) ::: short ::: After the empty masking, a man faces the back and being behind the dreams and truth. As he do, he institutions with the nature of him, religion, religion, compliance and in which we need to realize.
748 ::: Winter Garden (1972) ::: short ::: Records and copies of a ballony, of Olaga Roriz, for the Olga Roz, for the Olga company Erio. He is waiting. It goes on and stop. It doesn't stop. He is against the brower wall. It only needs to be alone until the time is going. It returns the beginning and start again. It continues home ... "Olga Rorez, March1990
749 ::: To Serve (2005) ::: short ::: When Michael made a decision to create a documentary on the army, he knew he wouldn't be easy. The process was difficult and the development of the story was more difficult. He wanted the story to be about the reason for people joining the army. Knowing his own reasons, he wanted to know others. The story he wanted to create was given because he did not want to involve the war. However, when discussing it with anyone, he always appeared.
750 ::: Les dimanches d'un bourgeois de Paris (2015) ::: short ::: As the Parisian Executive of thirty-year-old Parigine is suffering from stress, his doctor gives him exercise and gains some fresh air in the countryside. After unsuccessful forest attempts in the Ivelines. But nothing happens as planned ...
751 ::: Pillow Talk (2009/I) ::: short ::: Pillow Tark is a story of a woman who knows that her boyfriend is dishonest when she discovered some unique women's items planted around his apartment. Instead of confronting a boyfriend with his two actions, she begins to plant her items around his apartment to "mark her territory". A quiet dialogue begins with a cautious and strategic arrangement of two women through a cautious and strategic arrangement of the entire male apartment, as he believes that he is deceiving two different women. 。 Their strategic "hidden" escalates to all parties related to the triangle of love.
752 ::: The Tyler Project (2009) ::: short ::: This documentary informs us of Asperger's syndrome and implies a musician / friend who has this disorder, and who takes care of him, day after day. His intention is to educate the public and promote the conscience of Asperger's syndrome, while presenting the musical and artistic talents of Tyler Britton, the real person suffering from disorder.
753 ::: The Making of 'Charlie Wilson's War' (2008) ::: short ::: The booking books do what Mike nichols Project 'Charlie Wilson'. This special feature is interviewed in the Aaron Birds to Aaron Aaron talking about the movie and there is a good cellphone that's a little thing that worked like the movie.
754 ::: Les lieux d'une fugue (1978) ::: short ::: Directed by the French author of Geroges Perec, "Les Lieux D'en Fugue" is a description of a biography of the author's experience in escaping his aunt's home at the age of 12. "Les Lieux D'en Fugue" checks how Perec verbal games are played next to the camcorder.
755 ::: The Stable Door (1966) ::: short ::: This is a movie made as an elaborate advertisement in the insurance industry. Criminal groups are conspiring to deprive the warehouse discovered as a vulnerable target by insurance salesman, which proposes precautionary measures, including insurance purchases. Is the work done in time and is enough to stop the robbery?
756 ::: Attrition (2006) ::: short ::: Attractiveness, action or process of gradual reduction of power or effectiveness of the person or something through stable attack or pressure. The charm is another type of experimental documentary, perhaps one of the simplest forms and so the image that is lost in the eyes of the mass media. This is a film that is literally a pure document, a visual recording of the life of a creature over a year. Without speech, the viewer remains to really get involved with this human interest. The charm is a movie that records time itself. A collection of thousands of photos taken every day in 2005 is the result of a breathtaking and fast journey of weakness and emotion.
757 ::: The Funeral of the Last Gypsy King (1999) ::: short ::: The last of the local gypsy musicians died in a Welsh village. The wind blows the grave of Laszlo Ferencs, while the priest, a few friends and four musicians are waiting for the coffin to be reduced into the ground. The priest's words are difficult to hear in the wind, as are the music of the players. But in the city the music blows in the wind; It rises down and spoils people as they repair a fence, hang clothes to dry, write a letter, knit or sit to tea. The music breathes rhythm and joy into everyone, including sex tone.
758 ::: Angry Birds: The Egg of Darkness (2014) ::: short ::: A bad emperor discovers a powerful crystal egg covering the whole world in the dark. The ruler whose repiles promise to destroy anyone who comes on their way and begins the war with the squid race. It was so bad that the crystal cracked, one shard was lost, according to the prophecy, the only one who can save the world and cure the egg is someone of a pure heart. Join Red, the last one of the squares to stop the evil emperor and save the world from the dark.
759 ::: I Won't Be Your Mirror (2012) ::: short ::: Unable to describe themselves as real or possible in the space of the person, a 15th in this sky can repeat activities, non-views of their behavior. In this modern history account points to the guidance of what he has created. What is their cultural products that have left the next generation of people survived? Who are these people? What are they doing? Will they reject temptation?
760 ::: Sa-kwa (2005/II) ::: short ::: A woman must have suddenly died in a sudden and unexpected place. At the traditional Confucius funeral, all the people around him suffocate themselves, and this stress creates an imaginary fantasy. This is a beautiful young boy near the truth and the imagination.
761 ::: Slice of Pie (2009) ::: short ::: "The end of the end of the end is romantic Kamin. Carter with a midworking divorce with Jennita with his view, the heir of local dinner vitators. The girl of his dreams girl that he takes the philosophykeek about the Philosophphyk's about the end of the Philosophyk. But when James used the used car vendor, makes his move on Joinita, indicating the window out. Carter Qoppets Pop, the Yountita's Fall and Carter Thinks He has a wind in the back. But in the open paralysis of the central Alanus, the wind can quickly change the direction. The end slant is a cymbatic horn of living shoes on the edge of life, which is determined against the rearlights of the background that the Carter has developed. Oh yes, the dog dog in the name of boat.
762 ::: BBBs (2012) ::: short ::: Big Brothers Big Sisters Australia (BBBS) is a charity organization that offers mentor support to children who are at risk of withdrawal with their families and society. BBBS has a list of 647 children who are desperately waiting to be linked to a mentor with a big brother or big sister, but the necessary financial limitations BBBS can place the staff needed to investigate candidates, to place suitable mentors and case managers point, not continuous. This Pro-Bono Commercial from Bengar Films is designed to collect $ 1 million to delete the organization and the waiting list of children. They have to raise money. The Bengar Films team believes in promoting and supporting those who need help- especially children. Every child deserves to be happy and confident, with a balanced environment to reach their potential. We are please offer the Supper to BBBS and hope that this commercial will help. Our sincere to network compared to their help and support of the project.
763 ::: From Dawn Till Dust (2009) ::: short ::: A short film that follows a young man all the time and the different pressure and judgments that the modern world has put on him. From the expectations to meet physical standards, to the expectations of intelligence, style and social possibilities, Guy is unable to get to and fitting at the rapid pace of the world around him. It is only when he breaks that he is able to synchronize with the rest of the world, and by that time it is too late for him to see that he disappears with it.
764 ::: Alter Ego (2007/II) ::: short ::: Without hopefully in the world. Eleven of the broken dreams. Four heroes will seize their fate. The world of Hollywood Boddader shoes is a way of life in the world and the best in the edge of the Amphs and is the best left on the edge of the Residers. When the fat child disappear, four lose bats will travel together they will close in the heart of the evil, or forcing the heart of the desktores. But time is not on their side. Audit of six o'clock as if these containers will lose themselves in your mischief?
765 ::: Nosferatu (2017) ::: short ::: The shadow of a large and spoiled man moves around a labyrinthian apartment full of bookshelves, video tapes and plastic bags - like a modern Max Schreck, who is restlessly looking for something that has been lost forever. The secret and the melancholy of Murnaus Vampire Classic is preserved in John Skoog's interpretation of 'Nosferatu', which is a (self) portrait of the Swedish 'Outsider artist' Richard Vogel with which Skoog created his latest film work. A film that gives the concept of Scandinavian Expressionism a new meaning and dignity by turning it on an outdated video format and copying by an ancient video projector, the three colors of which are constantly threatening to dissolve the porous image into a vacuum of abstraction. The recently deceased bird was a close friend of Skoog's family, but lived calmly.
766 ::: Jeg dig elsker (2005) ::: short ::: The film is a history of a young man, who is going to a wedding day, adheres to his passion and accepts its consequences. This chamber has the main character in the dance game, James, his beloved silf and internal and external resistance in the witches.
767 ::: Lustig (2007) ::: short ::: Lustig, located in the years after the end of World War II, tells the story of a man's lonely journey for redemption. Keeping wandering memories from the time spent in a concentration camp, the man is looking for the family of a friend he knew there. He brings a secret to their doorstep that only the strength and courage of the deceased allow him to discover. In accepting his cowards, he creates a man's heroic heritage. A man a young man will always remember.
768 ::: Coin Daddy (2010) ::: short ::: A family is about to go on vacation to see the second lawn of lawn in the world when the father receives a telephone call from a dealer of parts interested in buying a rare piece. The family decides to meet the concessionaire of parts on the path of the lawn gnome, but is arrested by a series of unhappy incidents.
769 ::: "Velveteen Lounge Kitsch-en" (2009) ::: short ::: The energetic household leaving the Eisenhus, the forces of the joke murmures, to attend holiday and simple recipes and entertainment tips for the house, as well as classic Tiki or music video.
770 ::: Deux amis (1946) ::: short ::: The story in January 1871, closes in Paris at the height of the siege, and the main character, Mahasya Morisot, introduces a watchman who has enrolled in the National Guard. Morisot, who is bored, hungry, and depressed, is running with Bulleward when he coincidentally collides with an old friend, Mahasya Sowse, with whom he went to fishing before the war. Two old friends reminded many glasses in a cafe; Want to do tipcies, friends, something else from Absinthe, decide to go fishing to your old place, and to get a laisez- to get a laisez-me from your officer, a few miles west of the city to the river bank Let's go, in the land of No Man between French and Prashiya lines. Both start fishing and when they fire the fort near Mont-Velian in fan, they begin to discuss the war, which finally turns into a friendly debate, at the end of which both of them both Agreed that the war is a tragedy for France and both, and as long as there are governments, there will be wars. At this point, both friends were rounded to see four priests, who point to their rifle on them. Both are caught and taken to a uninhabited restaurant nearby, where a priestly officer makes them a proposal: he says that he can legally shoot them on the spot as detectives, but he Will give up life and if they return to Paris, they will return to Paris. Give him the password that he received through his defense lines.
771 ::: Sarah Winchester, opéra fantôme (2016) ::: short ::: The shape of the orecision is not available. A piece like a bite, work in Opera's Bestial and in the development of Okur Balat: Sarah Washkter, her house, her house, her house and her slave.
772 ::: Four Minutes on an Abandoned Bridge (2008) ::: short ::: In the spring of 2007, independent filmmaker, Todd Tinkham, about the US who recorded images of rivers and other natural areas. From an abandoned bridge near Richland, WA, Tinkham caught these images of the Columbia River and the surroundings.
773 ::: The Initiation of Samuel Caine (2002) ::: short ::: As a young man crosses a hallucinator, where it passes the initiative. It goes fogging and walks in fog, walks with a mysterious force, never forgets it, but never wants to see.
774 ::: Pregnant Together: A Man Explores Pregnancy (2015) ::: short ::: My father, Miguel Francis-Sanago is conducting a two-week experience, and he intends to walk in his wife, Christina's shoes, in an attempt to understand how the pregnancy really feels. To do this, it fluffs a heavy abdomen suit in which he will work, lead, and perform housework and even sleep. Miguel is determined to strive to repeat what women have to go before birth.
775 ::: Erotomania (????) ::: short ::: Aerotomania: A mental disorder marked by a delusional belief is that a person is the love or sexual desire of another person. Illness often occurs during psychosis, especially in patients with schizophrenia, delusional disorders or bipolar mania.
776 ::: Sachez chasser (2002) ::: short ::: Evelyne's beloved has just shared with her, which is why she is so happy to accept Karen's offer, her employer, who spends a quiet weekend in her home in the country. Unfortunately, this invitation is complete with a number of bans: it should not do so, it should not use it. The worst of all is the presence of Jonathan, a stripped bird. And the creature of the exasperant wings goes as far as it falsifies its own death in order to fly away from its cage. More than ever a woman in distress Evelyne receives help (?) From Gérard, an uncomfortable hunter. Their assignment: take Jonathan back into his cage ...
777 ::: The Traveling Yoga Berries: Deep Blue Sea Yoga (2015) ::: short ::: Learn about the maritime environment given frog fish, sehore, sharks and many other ocean organisms. Join the certified Mini Yogis Instructor Valerie Pike to play Yogi Games, participate in a Djembe Drum Circle and learn a guarantee of a guarantee of a guided beach rest and sleeping starfish to help your child relax.
778 ::: Fitzmary 3 (2008) ::: short ::: 6 years ago, Linda lost her 5 -year -old daughter a day in a fire at a random house. During a intimate afternoon, we learn that Linda is a schizophrenia and shows the peak and the least recovery from the mental illness.
779 ::: In the Wake (2007) ::: short ::: When the storm kelina also threw the new orlin's soul, a baker who lived and carried the landship and carpet dry and carpet dry and carpeted landscape to the world.
780 ::: Break & Enter (1999) ::: short ::: Grandma's Philis wakes up when she broke into her house, where she sleeps next to her husband Eric. When she cannot use Eric, she gets gets alone and out of the frying pan. She takes off her wardrobe, puts her, takes her keys and runs to the night, leaving her nightgown. The intruder wakes up and, for the next twenty -four hours, remains in a changed state.
781 ::: Bullying (2003) ::: short ::: "Bullying" is part of the award -winning educational video series: "Conflict solution." These provocative videos provide the skills necessary to effectively address difficult situations for students - such as threats, school violence or pressure. The "Conflict Resolution" series is built by Artemis Communications Seattle Public Schools.
782 ::: Mix-2 (21 Szenen 1997) (1997) ::: short ::: 21 scenes created in short distances as if it were in the spring of 1997 during various research matrix research. (Dietmar Brehm)
783 ::: Assassins: A Film Concerning Rimbaud (1985) ::: short ::: Todd Hens's first film, the killers took as a violent love between poets Arthur Rimboud and Paul Worldin as their subject. While presenting the concerns of "poison", and "Velvet Goldmine", it is a Godardian essay that plays with artifes of its own student-film borders.
784 ::: An Anatomy of Memory (2009) ::: short ::: Memory is not one thing. There is no measure and does not occupy space. But if the average human memory, accumulated during a life is made up of 280 pieces of quintilion information, then there must be some way of organization, a unit of storage, something that allows us to maintain it, keep it, appreciate it , Hordes it. Using the 8 mm footage of a family during the 40s and 50s, this short film is a poetic meditation, not only the science behind the memory mechanisms, but such implications in an individual's identity. Using physics as a philosophy, this film addresses questions of itself through the effects of time and space. "An anatomy of memory" challenges our ideas of evolution and humanity - and does not bother to disguise the infinity of death.
785 ::: Leather (2015) ::: short ::: Leer is a comedy that pours out the life of our protagonist, Josemi (played by actor César Rosado), a director of about thirty, submissive, uncertain and cowardly nature trapped between an adherent mother and a competitive working environment and where there is . Only space for the "leaders", but a chance meeting One evening his hands gets something that will encourage you to enter a gay leather fetish club and change the course of his life.
786 ::: Quiet Desperation (2003) ::: short ::: Clyde Calloway was faced with the decision of the last remedy. The choice he made led him to a sorid world of desperate souls, dirty money, and deep secrets. Now-his last day at work, his last day before becoming a free man-everything he chose to leave behind.
787 ::: Ferien (2007/II) ::: short ::: Alphons is on the way to the cliff of suicide when Marla, the climber, forces him to stop and insists on giving him an elevator. As he understands why he wants to kill himself, a curious companionship is created and both saves them from his abyss and pave the way for happiness.
788 ::: Restoring Honor: The Case of Chaplain Plummer (2005) ::: short ::: The film tells the story of Henry Vinton Plummer Maryland slave, he is the first African American prayer in the regular army. The appointment of Chaplin Plummer is equal to captain status and at that time in American history, creating an internal conflict in the Army's White Officer rankings. The strife, which was unhappy, combined with the questionable allegations of the African American registration, and led to the Chaplin Plummer to deal with the allegation of "manage an officer and gentleman". After the accused's court martial, Chaplin Plummer was disrespected in 1894. One hundred years later, the film's committee president L. Chapllin Plummer's great nephew describes the committee's dedicated efforts to clear the Chaplin Plummer headed by Jerome Fowler. The committee, comprising family, clergy, historians, scholars and retired military personnel, launched a four -year legal and PR campaign to re -establish Chaplin Plummer and clear his name. The committee served as an unstoppable to investigate the case and received the support of public leaders and prominent officials including Maryland Governor Robert Erlich and Maryland House and Senate.
789 ::: The Real Deadwood: Out of the Ashes (2008) ::: short ::: The final series of the Deadwood series includes a new historical feature called The Real Deadwood: Out of the Ashes. This documentary is followed by several real life personalities as well as the fate of the city from 1879 to the present, where the popular HBO series remains.
790 ::: FixNATION (2004) ::: short ::: In a world full of fast -growing new technology (and all overwhelming options it offers), it seems that our tendency as a Race for Addiction has steadily increased in line with the amount of new, always innovative addictions that are offered. If we want to believe the media, the old saying of "everything to the extent" seems to have been thrown to the four wind, never to return.
791 ::: Joy (2000) ::: short ::: She lives joy with her family in Australia. We follow her while hanging in the commercial center with her friends, the Shoplift store for fun, kissing children and harassing them sexually, entering battles, etc. before returning to an angry house in the end. All the time we see it passes through a group of emotions while it was transferred and comments from it and her parents on the screen in bold writing.
792 ::: Proyecto Mágico (2012) ::: short ::: Magic God. A magician who moved to the small football area as elegant as he was on the eternal night. Jorge Alberto Barilas arrived in Spain with the 1982 World Cup, wearing blue from his favorite country. He leaves a civil war after two years. The days of glory and Bohemian nights lay in front of him. The magician's legend became a myth in the hearts of people. For all his team players, he could be the best player, but all he wanted was to "be happy without stepping on anyone's fingers." Back in Salvador, everyone follows either Real Madrid or Barcelona F.C. And of course, Cádiz F.C.
793 ::: Shifting Ground (2009) ::: short ::: Two dancers carry out choreography on the construction site of the Winter Olympic Village 2010. A former salt marsh, fish soil, port, industrial hub, toxic waste dump and world exhibition, the false creek of Vancouver becomes a stage. These dancers perform an action of memory.
794 ::: Lady Man (1976) ::: short ::: The symbolic caress. The argument is the erotic power of a choreography with three people: camera, color and especially bust. The musical illustration is an electro -acoustic piece called Adonai, by André Almuro, composer and working for radios. The score, completely independent, not repeating, no illustrative, adds an erotic charge to the sensory perception of the film. Processing functions with formal analogies included by Schoten, without any consequence. It is a collection of modules that are reconstituted in a whole case by the linearity of the film. In this, the desire of the body is always present, expressed by the language of images. With regard to the subject, it is this body, room for filming, accumulated by visual interventions and exploration of the camera. The projection on a large screen produces a body image or an androgynous body of which some parts are not deciphered. Follow -up colors on Epiderms is a personal tribute to "Living Paintbrushs" that is used by Yves Klein for his "Anthropometries" (1960).
795 ::: Kongostraat (1989) ::: short ::: "A diarstic scene of Paris, Belgium and parts of Amsterdam. Turkish family at their stupe, woman in train with two pits and a fan, interiors, outsider, external people, train views and flat land canals. There is a recorded sound at the location, providing correlable pieces of conversation, which says that "on the pavement life and a beating heart narratives in Belgium, there are a fish whose eggs are poisonous to both rich and poor . "The recording properties of cameras and microphones are one thing; people alternatively react to the camera and ignore. Ignore objects, events and places - this is left on the intelligence of the audience to secure the story Is. " - Stuart Cutlitz
796 ::: Kaishi: Gaia's Requiem (2003) ::: short ::: Type of movies like koyanisqaisaisaisis (1983) and Ron Fryka's Balaka's Balaka (1992), Kaiish used time examination to show movements and effects. Of good and soft things. First movie Unlike other people, Kairi has allowed anyone to achieve his conclusion such as good details and movies. As it looks deep in the meanings, Kaisim said: GaEearem reminds us that some things in life is very good for words. The world is in a position to change. What was the former knows. Replace only by mistake of start and change. The World's Power of the World (also known as Gia) has changed. From it, a new life comes.
797 ::: El topo y el hada (1999) ::: short ::: A lonely man, who lives in one room with a high window who has to float in order to observe the underworld, see a woman moving her fish, Pez. He goes down the road and invites her to dinner. She joins him, but she says nothing, eats her flesh with her hands, to take pleasure in her, and ignore him when floating and dancing for her. Something will bring emotion to her vacant look?
798 ::: California Excursions (2006) ::: short ::: Artists Diran Lyons and Jesse Wilson use film to document their sculptural and performative interactions with different landscapes. On the establishment of the art collective 'what.s? Society 'in 2004 while studying new media in the Master of Fine Arts program at the University of California, Santa Barbara, Lyons and Wilson make public events with large inflatable objects, ludic performance and public participation the direct subject of California: excursions. The resulting picture examines the relationships between synthetic materials and the natural landscape of California, focused on how everyday objects and materials can deal with their environment to create tension, pleasure, tension and a changed space.
799 ::: Axel (1989) ::: short ::: The girl is supported on her feet and has a bird's head on her. The girl is led to another figure that carries a horse's head. The bird's head is removed according to the size of the horse's head and bird sizes. The girl is left. She walks into a fog bank and lands on site. She sees an angel. The angel frees them from their mortal bonds.
800 ::: Poems in Pictures (1910) ::: short ::: The five poems of the series have, in order, "love", "mourning", "friendship", "Meeting and Parting" and "War" as subjects. Three of these are pastoral, namely the first, third and fourth. "Love" is the form of an eclooog; "Friendship" is purely pastoral, while "meeting and farewell" is an idyll. The reader will of course understand that a pastoral poem deals with scenes and incidents in the countryside or rural life, as apart from the community or city life, and that the characters were in the earliest forms or these compositions, because of the fact that the primitive Occupation of the residents in the country who was from taking care of herds and herds of sheep and cattle. He will also understand that an eclooog is a choice, picked selection of pastoral poems, and that an idyll is a short, highly processed, descriptive pastoral poem, in which the episodes or circumstances are of national simplicity and coloring pages. And so, with these few words of introduction, let's view the photos. All these scenes are beautifully colored and the photography is excellent. The characters are also smartly determined. The effect produced by the photos to be seen for the first time is probably a regret that they cannot be repeated immediately. In this case I believe that customers will consider it a blessing if exhibitors run away the reel for the second time, for example after a suitable number has been sung to pay a short interlude. The reel is only 400 feet long, but it has so much beauty, art and satisfying merit that people can understand their full meaning and worth with one show.
801 ::: Discapacitados (2009) ::: short ::: There are two faces about people with disabilities: it cannot do what, or that everything can do. But the fact is that is humans, just like us. This short authentication deal with the topic of the disability: A quadcra, a quadcra, a car accident victim, and the massive national explosion female.
802 ::: Bad Luck (2002) ::: short ::: A cat burglar with a case of diarrhea heads for the head, bag of swag in hand and activates a quiet alarm. The security company calls a resident, who starts his hunt for the intruder; Two other residents are also warned by the sounds of flatulence, so they too are hunting, an armed with a gun, one with a golf club. A noisy toilet roll holder contributes to the problems of the burglar.
803 ::: Void (2015/VI) ::: short ::: 'Void' takes a quick but intimate and direct view of one of the manifestations of the cultural challenges that some young emiratis is currently facing. The narrative follows the wishes and efforts and inhibitions of three College friends who negotiate between values, on the one hand by combating a globalized world and inspires by the local worldview, which is still a lot part of the cultural structure of their society.
804 ::: No Star (2006) ::: short ::: No star does not tell the story of a young adventure that turns into a rock star. He went to his song contest, he is a good one and a thief. Forced with the situation and they are openly emotionally emotionally. This is definitely not a romantic comedy. No star does not tell the story of a young adventure that turns into a rock star. He went to his song contest, he is a good one and a thief. Forced with the situation and they are openly emotionally emotionally. This is definitely not a romantic comedy.
805 ::: Takoma Park (2008) ::: short ::: In Takoma Park it is difficult to fit in, but second -year Joel "Jolie" Jolson thinks that if he will change his entire life forever the basketball team of the Summer League. His girlfriend Henrietta and his best friend Haroon think the same. See how the whole damn summer hangs on the cut ...
806 ::: Em Branco (2008) ::: short ::: "Em Branco" is a dance video that uses a documentary approach, in an irreverent style, to show the endless possibilities of understanding art through contemporary dance. Based on different opinions built by the public and the artist, the life of a ballerina is represented on an almost white background so that viewers can create their own interpretations and stories.
807 ::: Sag es! (2015) ::: short ::: In fact, it is an ordinary day for Isabelle if there is no birthday of her sister Lara. Her friend, Jesse, is bothering her again to tell the truth to her family. The boring family of Isabelle does not know the relationship between the two girls. In the family celebration, it comes to a scandal. Isabelle has to make her greatest decision: her conservative family or the relationship between her and her true love Jesse?
808 ::: Minus (2009) ::: short ::: "Minus" is a fiction and at the same time experimental film that does not enjoy its own geography, language and time. The events occur in a razor -producing company in which a young and simple owner works and has special skills. He knows telepathy and can read the thoughts of all people and even things. Most of the time, its predictions increase its ability to present.
809 ::: Best Becomes Better (1938) ::: short ::: On its way to deliver a new F-20 Farmer tractor to a customer, a local Deering McCormick distributor makes a sales visit to another nearby farmer who has a similar but 10-year model. To overcome the agriculture's belief that its tractor is as good as the new one, the dealership indicates the many mechanical improvements and the increase in the power and reliability of the new F-20. The concessionaire also reminds the farmer that all its implements will still adjust to the new model, and that the resale or exchange value of its old tractor is high.
810 ::: Agootha Chhaap (1988) ::: short ::: An old man is living in a village. His son lives in the city and sends them money regularly. To get the money order, the post man holds the big toe of this boys, climbs into a rubber stamp and then puts on the recipient's column. So he is an Angoota chap very much like many others in his village. Things come back one day when this old man is not available at home when the post man goes to his home. Then man post goes for his duties hoping to catch the old man some time later. However, the man of posting happens to see the old man somewhere and, while handing over the money, seeks the impression of his thumb in the presence of children going to school. The kids laugh at the old man and make fun of him calling 'Angoota Chaap'. Now, the old man decides that he will learn how to write his name by the time the postman comes next month. So his war begins as he wants to do so is in absolute secrecy as he wants to surprise everyone not only in his family but also in his village with the help of his nephew.
811 ::: Lim.bo (2002) ::: short ::: A man is sitting in a meeting room with a doctor. He is told that he died and asked to cross how he died and what he remembers. However, by going through what is happening, he remembers a mysterious woman and slowly discovers what she played in her death.
812 ::: The Last Fighter (1996) ::: short ::: His innings on trains was unexpectedly canceled, a ticket collector returns home to perform a brave fantasy alone with a hunting knife. His wife returns home with her new sexy vinyl coat. She is at home, she decides to surprise her man to wear her attractive purchase ... Later meeting surprises them both.
813 ::: Dunes: Landscapes Evolving (2014) ::: short ::: For the first time, the fine art photographer won Drew Doggett created a documentary film of his trip to the Sossusvlei desert in Namibia for his last collection of photography Dunes: Landscapes Evolving. The film gives viewers a perspective after the scenes of his whirlwind trip and offers his collectors a look inside in his creative process and inspiration after the collection. The footage is accompanied by an original score composed of the multi-platinum composer and Grammy Christopher Ward, who produced song registrations along with Hans Zimmer for films like Pearl Harbor and The Lion King.
814 ::: 1+1=una más (2014) ::: short ::: In this picture, we usually consider the horizon line to be rotated by 180 by Breaking and short circuit. A kind of questioning of the "habits" of the eye and ear. Listening to yourself, listening to yourself - a basic projection to another - in the case of inary is rejected in favor of the inlect, it is rejuvenated to re -examine them that seem immortal: the sense of truth and the truth of the truth.
815 ::: Sar..rr..ra (Joy Run) (2004) ::: short ::: Sar..rr..ra [English title: The Joy Run] is about mud football in the rainy season. Such an excitement cannot be found in any other game. If there had been a ranking of the emotion that evolved around football, India and Special Bengal would have the list at the top. Bits with interviews from the fun football players together with a fast soundtrack consisting of Indian instruments, mainly percussions have set the playful mood. Forgetting the limitations of rules and regulations Fun is the supreme in the area. What is needed is just a piece of land/a piece of land. During the rainy season, nice football is played in the cities and villages. The joy of playing football in the rain - the pleasure and the excitement is the subject of this film. Suddenly the rain and Street Maradonas from Kolkata came in the fields in their 'Joy-Run'.
816 ::: The Dynamists (2017) ::: short ::: Dynamist is a short artist movie, including 12 destructive teenage boys and Belgian poets and musicians Angelo Perotti. In the "Ritual of Passing", the age of the age of the age movie is hinted, and the video tries to capture the transitional instability of adolescent and propose confusion and conflict as an essential part of growth.
817 ::: Dar-el-Beida (1996) ::: short ::: Casablanca took part in the mood of refugees / foreigners who have been in the background of the background of the films of fairness and justice, fairness and justice, justice and adventure, justice and adventure, justice and adventure. In Dar-El-Bide (Latin Arabic Name for Casablanca) Bogart: "Do you want me to do?" asks. His false response (in Casablanca) is a reality that is not mentioned in Dar-El Baby. (Tim sharp)
818 ::: Keep Going (2016/III) ::: short ::: Shan, a second -year junior high school student, and JIA, a third -year elementary school student. They are brothers who love baseball games. Peylin, Shan's crash, will soon leave. Therefore, before her departure, they promised to exchange their favorite signed baseball. Meanwhile, JIA performed a field trip at Metropolitan Park, but lost his brother's QIAQIA sign ball unfortunately. For his crime, Jia recommends his discouraged brothers to look for the ball with him in a distant park. The next morning, they take a bicycle to the park and start surgery. But they have to arrive at school around the sun. There are many bloomers on the road, but Shan still tries to achieve his goal, as he told Jia. "Please continue.
819 ::: Nesfan ya Nesvan?! (2008) ::: short ::: '... But this scarf that is my uniform does not limit me in any way. I'm doing my job; I have my life, there is also hijab. Fortunately now Iranian women are doing everything under this hijab ...'... ten years ago in Tehran was the infamous known as "The Bat"! He had used stolen cars to get women, rape them and then burn their bodies. Finally in 1996 he was arrested on the Poonak road he went to prison, he was sentenced to death and 500 slash before the execution shows this documentary after an event like this reacting the Iranian government.
820 ::: Poached (1999) ::: short ::: Proached tells the story of a young salmon poacher who reconciles with his desire to leave his problematic family and homeland. One day fishing on the river restores its relationship with its younger brother. The film is placed in the rural community on Scottish borders.
821 ::: Je Proclame la Destruction (2015) ::: short ::: Two shots from Robert Breson's "Lay Diable probably" (1977) are repeated in one loop, creating cyclic and endless racquord. The constant repetition of the phrase "JE Proclaem Law Destruction" (I declare destruction) reveals the anarchist mantra of universal and timeline power.
822 ::: What If...? (2016/II) ::: short ::: What if ...? Is about his tragedy that cannot happen. Fourteen-year-old Al-Al-Al-Al-Al-Al-Al-Al-Al-Al-Al-Al-Al-Al-Al-Mawuy-year-olds are just to track the house, the dance around her house. The imagination is interrupted by the stranger who comes to the door and before he realizes, he pulls him through her virtue. Another door, Kyle Bot (15), has been completed as a job in his father's prayer and returned to the empty house to the blank home. Kyle town as his yard, although he decided against the intervention, he strikes himself toward her. He released Aliceis by throwing juaddy rock on top of Jesphoin. His new feeling is the experience that experiences as capital is that it raises him to kill the murder killing. But only in someone's evolutionality, stop the murder because the authorities are reached.
823 ::: Sea Concrete Human (2001) ::: short ::: An experimental encyclopedia focuses on what is visible and whether humans disappear from the world from the image. Landscapes and architecture become the remains of former human attendance.
824 ::: Potato Fiction (2017) ::: short ::: Josiah and Michelle Rutabiggata, when the help of their daughter's daughter, the major potato was allowed by their shoes. When their neighbors are annoying to start ventetta against the company, it is in the gesta and wannabe plapping and ready to save the day.
825 ::: Transistor (2000) ::: short ::: Transpistor videos as an example: Michwawrer's Video to the "Tradeela Schworner" from the Musian music movement without pointlessly for both ads. On visit, Tristor reveals the display feature that has a close relationship with music and geometry for a while. Although many examples and sounds are unnecessary to create additional information in reading - put images and audio - an electronic inventory and the weather they allow new techniques. Tradensustor shows a good model for the tone of tone and the image. Put short, gradic griddle, as being visible, fire, makes the heart hard, and the support of the main person of the process of digital technique (a -The line) in the process. This not only puts matrix under anger, sound to be used as the basement, and it reveals the jobs in the digital tradition as a picture and the picture. If a popular movie trends that can be reduced to the visual world, a terrible form of electricity of the electronic form of electricity. (Christian Höller)
826 ::: Hitgirl (2007) ::: short ::: After two years of grief, Stanley Palmer is repeated from his life in London. He goes to Mexico, even taking a contract killer in a CD bar to disperse his late wife's ashes and kill him in the future. However, immediately he meets Viletta and falls in love, which makes it to Stanley to realize that he has some meaning to his life. When he goes back to the bar to cancel the deal, he finds that he is not an easy task to do this - and there is no way to get in touch with the killer.
827 ::: Four Lovers (2011) ::: short ::: I really love and enjoyed the film. Quite excellent film. As a child I always thought that it was enough to be happy, but nothing is ever enough in real life, even the moment when we can think that that is everything we need in life , Such as happiness; Pleasure. Believe me that something is always coming for us.
828 ::: Sokyo (2000) ::: short ::: Office Fissure worker in a business trip has found himself at an empty train station in a remote farming city. When he sat down and waits for the next train, he is suddenly assigned by a young woman to a Bazb Ball L, which then disappears. Until he decides to explore the city, he knows where he is and why he is there.
829 ::: The Hole Story (2008) ::: short ::: This document was a deep view of the roads south of the city, Logiana and the servant or the problem of charity. Film builders interviewed local geologists who describe the main causes of creating the epictorial causes and a few other local residents. These locals with their daily faces with their personal thoughts and feelings (with their personal thoughts and feelings) of their personal thoughts and feelings) of the road) of the road personal ideas and feelings.
830 ::: Where Did the Time Go? (2007) ::: short ::: In 1957, the small city of Belflower, CA was included. Fifty years later, the residents of this city reflect on the past because they accumulate when the term of the time capsule is spread. Unfortunately, no one remembers where the time capsule was buried. Closing a key - Photo burying a photo capsule - city officer Jeff Hobs, tries to find the capsule of 1957 for the 50th anniversary of the city.
831 ::: Rescue - Resuscitation (1897) ::: short ::: "A line is fired to the man who attaches to the converted boat. He attaches it to his body using all the fast-failing strength. The crew pulls him through the surf to the shore, where he is rolled and drilled and worked until it resumes. ”
832 ::: Nostalgia Senja (2015) ::: short ::: Mr. Goyun (Oen Sin Yang), 65 years old, thanks to modern modern musical instruments, rare Tehehyan instruments. Mr. Goyong, in his older years, as it means that in his age, it is influenced by a modern era, but he has pushed the influence of a modern era, but it pushed the instrument like Tehyan. The sad truth did Mr. Göernong, which often remember about the good old days of performance and about Gambang Kromong music on the past day. In a new way, Mr. Gonon devoted to music and his occupation as Tehyan as a manufacturer. He focuses as an actor of Tehyan and wants to play an instrument maker and tools at that time.
833 ::: Domicile (????) ::: short ::: A man opening his eyes, alarms screaming far away - or near? Is being killed by his hand. What happened? It breaks in the room, the soup goes to a drawing area, glass, money, and alarm. The man drinks and the building's check. He did not reject favor, behind it, the door open. He sees his way into the lake, coming down on his face. He looks on the mirror. Or standing up, he sees another mirror. Cover blood - miss me? She's going back into the room. Alarm alarms run again. Pictures and walls, extracted blood surface. It takes an alarm alarm, but while turning off, he heard something else - he spoke of the form of television. A voice of ridic, by the rear Static. He moves the man on the edge of cleanness. Where is the sound, the pain coming? He hears something else. The water of the liquid. Who is in the bathroom? He thought he was alone. The man doesn't go near the bathroom, in search of answers to his question. He doesn't want anything or darkness. Shine the fire of the lights, the man moves to the bath. The girl speaks cold, and she makes the man doing the door. She retains petals and room. Neck sounds in his head. It is more than the man. She's running away from the family room, where the girl was waiting for her. He screams in fear and run, giving up, returning into bedrooms where it starts. The stone is still there. So the pain.
834 ::: Peace Overture (2015) ::: short ::: An old soldier joins a destroyed theater at night. From the ruins of his memories of a long -past life that the war has resumed: a career as an orchestral conductor and love. But a chest took care of his old tuxedo. The soldier takes out his uniform to carry the tuxedo and to steer his last opera in the ruins. When an overture sounded, the theater is reconstructed to its splendor, while his love comes back to pick it up and accompany it beyond earthly life.
835 ::: The Intangible Journey Trilogy (2006) ::: short ::: Three abstract videos work concentrated around rain storms. These parts represent an exciting divergence and arouse a certain sense of mysticism about nature and weather. The surface of the glass of the digital figure represents the struggle for perceptual clarity in the advancement of a particular human meaning. Each of the three parts has a special character that represents a different approach to the narrative of the first person provided by the camera in the attempt of this character to break the surface of our contemporary world- and thus experience the storm and landscape as original and all. This journey begins with the innocence of a childish vision of light and color, progresses in a dance with the elements (fixed in the luminescence of the street lights), and finally ends with the miserable realization that we are forced to make a lot of choice Hard: whether to remain safe behind the glass or throw ourselves in an abysmal and endless universe (most likely to be consumed by it).
836 ::: Jeg dig elsker (2005) ::: short ::: This movie describes a story about a young man running his wedding day, and accepting the results. In this playing room, James, James, James, witches love and witchcraft.
837 ::: The Guy (2001) ::: short ::: The man is the story of a young boy, David, who wants to join the local gang of boys who are building an bonfire led by Jack. David has been sponsored by Jack, so decides to make a man for himself. Some stole David's boy, trying to "acquire" some fireworks. David recalls his new friend and manages to save him back from the gang. Bonfire at night, the gang wait for David at his home and steals his back. Jack burnt the man on the bonfire. Vishkul, David attacked Jacks and adults and adults move forward at Bonfier Party and chase Jack. Members of other gangs now realize how upset David is and the race after Jack. The next day the gang offers David a football as a peace offering, he accepts and connects with the gang.
838 ::: Thinking tools: Soy Cámara (2016/I) ::: short ::: Audiovisual rhetoric and grammar can be used as new formats to offer thinking tools. In the midst of the excess of images and information, the split screen offers the possibility to open new relationship systems between existing images.
839 ::: Rearview Park (2013) ::: short ::: Ariel McGinty visits Realview Park. A space entertainment garden where you can commit suicide in repeating the famous murders. But the Strait Park in Wei Maliki is not what seems to be trying to save Ariel by showing that she has what she lives ... music.
840 ::: Wilczur (2015) ::: short ::: Born in LVOV, Jacek Wilczur at the age of 16 became the youngest executioner of Nazi criminals and informants sentenced to death by the Polish underground courts in the Second World War. Sometimes he was even instructed to carry out his own co-fighters of the house of the house. After the war, his extensive knowledge was used in the works of the Commission for the prosecution of Hitler's crimes in Poland. He searched the underground city built by Germans in the OWL Mountains in Lower Silesia, sought hidden archives and secret Nazi -Cubbyholes. The 90-year-old Wilczur has never told his story before.
841 ::: The Flute (2012) ::: short ::: Irwin travels on an apocalypse where old music is gathered as a way to save the relics of culture in the destroyed world. On his journey, he meets the gym. The gym is a dark past and a murderer in the past that does nothing to get the valuable property carried by Irwin.
842 ::: Klaustrophobie (2002) ::: short ::: The young rebellion carries the border between the scene and life on the way "François Villon" (QV). The sensitive-poetic shell is a call about dreams and the great actor 'Klaus Kinsi' (QV). Klaus is an actor and escape from attacks and love and despair. He finds a place to leave the city and leave the city and use it on the stage. Away from that far away from that. Farmer belonging to the palace is concerned and cannot overcome pests. He commands him to leave there. The young man continues to search and finds the oasis of freedom on the sunflower. When he was in the middle of those flowers, he devoted his love for his love. He speaks to Villon's song, "I fell in love with your red hair." As the sunflower moved deeply with his beauty, he returned to one of them to his love. On the way he is again and reunioned by obstatively again. Bounds between life and period and force it to combine it and give up on their own. Klaus changes in a sad funny picture. His Odyssese will finally take it to the theater scene. But according to him, love and loyalty are unsatisfactory.
843 ::: Orchid (2017/I) ::: short ::: The trophy chief Julia houses a dark lie under the surface of her first world problems, while her full-time filipina housekeeper Nita tries to hold her together when her son is missing in a drug war. When Nita discovered the secret of her employer, her next step is both released.
844 ::: After You've Gone, Honey (2010) ::: short ::: There are within the possibilities of the theatrical and cinematographic framework, a figure first enters the feet of the focus, a 'star' born by Broech. She moves as a figure in Flux of femme fatale and demoiselle, which curse the physical architecture of the cinematographic suggestions of these two archetypes.
845 ::: Hands of My Lover (2014) ::: short ::: An experimental dream film about the death of a loved one. A woman slowly dancing, melancholically and seductively with a cast of her dead loved ones. It is dancing to exotic tropical music that can only exist in fantasy among the objects and memories collected throughout their lives in an old loft covered in spider. Piano stools, a book of Beethoven sheet, guitar, mirror, skull and dead flowers are some of the things in this movie that evokes old 8mm films that could have been found in that attic.
846 ::: Bearskin, or The Man Who Didn't Wash for Seven Years (1984) ::: short ::: <p> A brave soldier, wandering for no reason or family after the civil war, accepts the devil's challenge to go for seven years without washing himself; cut his hair, beard or nails; Or recite the prayer of the Lord in exchange for unlimited wealth. Draped in the mantle of the devil and the skin of a bear, the soldier travels the world, enjoying his wealth until his appearance and odor become disgusting for everyone and especially for himself. At that moment the soldier learns to give others and becomes the benefactor of a down-on-his-leakage who, in exchange for the generosity of the soldier, offers one of his daughters in marriage. </p> <p> - Booklist </p> <br> <p> Winner of the American Film Festival Blue Ribbon the Parents Choice Award the "Notable Children's Film" by the American Library Association </p>
847 ::: DEAD MALL SERIES: Sad, Depressing COVENTRY MALL in Pottstown, PA (2015) ::: short ::: Dan Bell Bill takes a visitor on the journey of Coventy Mullah Malan in Putstonon. Den's statement covers the mall history over the years because we are the current state of business, closing stores and empty stores that are growing in one goats today.
848 ::: The Snake and Mongoose Chronicles: Episode 1 (2011) ::: short ::: Frankie and Mike, a fanatic of two cars, have started a long drive passing through the desert to reach the Barrett Jackson Auction in Las Vegas. Frankie tries to racing his 67 dodge darts and breaks on the way. The pair is ordering the necessary exchange parts from ebay Motors and planning to meet "JOEY" in a town called Calico. Carico is a desolate ghost town, and Franky and Mike are in conflict between coke, hot wheels and women. They are mainly discussing who is the fastest drag racer, don "Snake" pull -dome or Tom "Man Course" Mcwen. Their relationships are embodies the spirit of the competition that the two racers have and are currently maintaining. Immediately outside the saloon, they will continue to travel to Vegas through the desert.
849 ::: Eginja Eriyimba: The Singing Rock (2008) ::: short ::: British sculptor Peter Randal-Page joins an expedition to the remote Lolui island of Lake Victoria. Peter is well known for working on huge granite forms, but the stunning granite exits on this island are the most beautiful he has ever seen. The aim is to get involved in a cultural exchange with Ugandian sculptors and musicians and to find the secret of the islands little known rock gongs. The group opens a prehistoric rock art worthy of the status of world heritage and Peter begins a carving inspired by the music of singing rocks, landscapes and people. He shares techniques with Ugandan sculptor Peter Oloa and leaves behind a beautiful engraved rock, decorated with ocher and illuminated by the rising sun at dawn.
850 ::: Field Notes (2016) ::: short ::: As you try to find his intention, it connects one person's thoughts and emotions to each other. The separates of the silent film are music but not to produce anything but music. These narrators call the audience to use the views to a higher level than they think, because they see the character in the film because they do the same. Director Harley Nerheim-Chehe Portland wrote a kinetic plan of music from oregon.
851 ::: Bashert (2008) ::: short ::: Sarah, a young and Jewish orthodox woman, was supposed to marry Entrepreneurs. He is his "shidduch", his arranged race. What Sarah doesn't know is that she is also "Basterter", her race designated by G'd. Sarah rejects Afrim because of her insecurity. If he can't love himself, how can you like? In "Bashert", Sara wakes up to find out that Afrim intends to marry someone else. Throughout his day, he cannot get rid of his heartbreaking thoughts, because he begins to understand his mistake.
852 ::: It Wasn't After the Porch? (2016) ::: short ::: Three teenagers in their living room watch a intermediary couple ... she plays on her iPad, she texts. They don't look at each other, they talk accidentally, he doesn't remember what he has said ... he's used to get used to it. And ... where are you on the Libidine Front? “One teenager asks Aghast.
853 ::: Big Swinger (1989) ::: short ::: Jimmy is an exhibition drum that runs a pirate radio station in a small city in Midlands. He is assisted by Sid, his young side kick, who is an aspiring musician. The peace and tranquility of the city are interrupted when the Jimmy radio program interferes with the passing planes. The authorities send two heavy to close the station, but Jimmy will not give up without fighting.
854 ::: Restore (2001) ::: short ::: Restore is the story of Donovan Taylor, a young man who desperately needs work. This need is clouding his vision. Tensions without finance affected the taylor. After shaking his thoughts on the robbery on the attack, Taylor meets his ego. Director Cecil Barns, who died six months ago, standing in front of Taylor, seeking time and effort, has no clear reward. In short, Donovan is required to open his eyes. After some cooperation, Donoban agrees to help his dead high school basketball coaches back to a very important son and return it to Burch Park. Barnes and his wife rescued plants many years ago from the park. Now it's time to restore it to the original place. After a short visit to Burns' son's house Taylor and Burns, head to the park. Donovan returns the plants to the ground after a few tasks. After that, Donovan did not expect it. And his reaction is something you never expect. Restore. All you can do is think about yourself.
855 ::: The Other (2006) ::: short ::: It is not a mystery that intolerance generates insecurity. This short film is a real story, perhaps mine, perhaps that of someone close to me, told through the voice of another. The thoughts of a man so embarrassed and frustrated with an integral part of his makeup, his sexuality, which is not willing to face the camera and tell himself. Apparently we have gone so far ... but not if you are too vague to walk.
856 ::: Un soir de pluie (1999) ::: short ::: A couple returning from a dinner party with friends get out of the country on a night of rain. The couple starts to argue until the husband decides to go to a nearby city. Meanwhile, the wife in the car, at night and nowhere ...
857 ::: Cumpleanos (2002) ::: short ::: The experiment of the time, according to the concept, was to take 52 years of photographs of a facial and tried to make the illusion of old age. The results are something quite strange, beautiful, smart and attractive. The College Lage Animation Instructor, including the instructor, has been well received by all who thought the original computer code was written to create effects. The description of the Dallas Video Festival Program is "Jim Minton does Dorion Gray."
858 ::: Burton Snowboards: Standing Sideways (2011) ::: short ::: Attention please. The Burton film for 2012, standing sideways, has been proven to increase the sick air by 13% when viewed as directed on a TV, computer, or mobile appliance. That is why knights everywhere have to stay sideways at all times.
859 ::: Nekdy nekoho (2010) ::: short ::: Two secretary officers in the nightclub, milk, antelope stuffed animal, voice from afar, homerocical tension, and whether they can be extracted from everyday emptiness with the help of the problem. Psychovit's black and white nightmares.
860 ::: Le damier (1996) ::: short ::: This film tells the story of a fictitious African nation spending an without a sleeping night as she plays a game with Vagbond smokes a container claiming to be the comprehensive hero. However, the rules of the game require the opponents of the uncomfortable and the step in each other. The hero continues insulting, and Troj, the president. His reward and fate will not be surprised by anyone.
861 ::: Balancing: The Artists of the National Circus School (2001) ::: short ::: "Balance: National Circus School Students" is a 5 -minute movie depicting the graduation performance of NCS students. In "Balance," the audience will see the beauty of the performance through the regular motion images of these routines and the montage of the slow motion image and understand the other perspective through the soundtrack. Various interviews heard through these routines show the best effort and dedication required to achieve. The audience realizes that they have understood their passion, motivation, and efforts under the full -training and polished performers, and notices students who have reached the final steps of their studies. It is seen that Montreal's National Circus School students are running routines against the blank background. These performers are a single or combination, from a single or combination acrobat, acrobatics, acoustic, balancers, gymnastics, and ropes for using various devices, from university to hula hoops and metal rings. , Used together. Students, especially, are actually playing, so they talk about the emotions and thinking process behind everyday. These ideas are in a fleeting because they feel like they ended before most routines began.
862 ::: Mindscape (2006) ::: short ::: An angry employee works to dream of our daily work. Most of his most of her can hide from the sadistic requirements of the head of the mental stress, hardly. His boss shouts him in deep end, and the young man is deeply angry with them and the boss. As the aggression is accompanied by the age of the mental mental mania, the Gritti streets in San Francisco are high. . . Now, take it and turn it over and look back! Avant-Garde writer / Director Ezra J. Stanley and cinematographer Alehangro Wilkins, unforgettable kinematic music video!
863 ::: Artistically Certified (2015) ::: short ::: The piano coach and the Roman therapist face the wages of the inspector, which states that wages lack the necessary certificate to continue his work. Wages, naturally talented, stipulates that "talent exceeds paper" in the long run. Thus, the logical argument for talent begins for a certificate.
864 ::: At Midnight (1913/III) ::: short ::: His mother, Marshall's mother to his father, is allowed to stay when a little girl mother shopping. Soon he will go to the warehouse, where many files and other documents will pay attention. Later, Mr. Marshall calls for some important business, he calls for a number of important businesses, he locks the warehouse and forgets the child's participation and enters the almighty dollar. Until the party he is happy to be happy and happy, happy, happy, happy, and happy, it is concerned about the success of the whole business transaction, it has not been a child. He must be in the warehouse and if he does not suffocate until it is still not rescued if he is still not saved. Their car is put into operation, not taking into account all speeds, no other other nonamed threats can take on themselves and in that route. Finally, when they arrive in the office building, they find fire flames and the volume of smoke so it cannot be entered. Almost benefits they return home, where a small one touched his nurse to his nurse. How the child is saved and returned home and started with the fire, which is more interested in the film.
865 ::: Halle II (1997) ::: short ::: Once, the Rithaffer factories show their own building as a large complex, an industrial monument, four empty floors - an object in itself. A "frame tour" and separate floors are woven through multiple exposure, so that separate parts of the building - interiors and exterior spaces - can be experienced simultaneously and create a more complex perspective. To invalidate naturally, the landscape rules.
866 ::: 7002 (2007) ::: short ::: The vacuum ultrasound of sound retreats quietly from the manifest of the milk bottle. Hidden in the shadow of light The leading role is thrown for unseen immorality while the logic of thinking is lurking in your cerebral membrane. A Milliard bacteria keep the time for tennis game and pull forms in rhythmic sequences under the soles of countless shoes. Do you ever think about what that means? How the myth of life forms forms when our final thoughts stop our senses. Under the screaming sound of hand breaks we translate our perceptions, 7002 a film is made for the unconditioned senses. In the past, Hotel & Duvel have creatively earned their credits in the concrete jungle and in the present they extend the boundaries of street and urban clichés. They are responsible for a film that will involve the spirit of future thinkers. Life is not linear for those who run the asphalt with a free state of mind.
867 ::: The Good Things (2001) ::: short ::: "The good things" is a day in the life of a toll worker, Zach, who is eager to leave the comfort of his home in a small city of Kansas. As residents of the small city go through his toll cabin on the highway, we learn from them that today the love of his life, Christina, will marry Zach's childhood friend. When Zach receives a postcard from his pal abroad, he contemplates to leave on a journey away from this desolate place on the Kansas Turnpike.
868 ::: A Time of Freedom (2014) ::: short ::: The documentary follows two young men from the Souss Valley in southern Morocco as they prepare for 'Boujloud', an ancient pagan masquerade which is organized around a central character called Man Goat. This event takes place during Eid al-Kabir, the 'Islamic Sacrifice Festival'.
869 ::: Sachez chasser (2002) ::: short ::: Evelyne's lover has just separated with her, so she is so happy to accept Karen's offer, her employer, to spend a quiet weekend in her house in the country. Unfortunately, this invitation comes complete with a large number of prohibited: it should not do this, she should not use that. The worst of all is the presence of Jonathan, a cultivated bird. And the annoying winged creature goes so far that he falsify his own death to fly away from his cage. More than ever, a lady in need gets help (?) Van Gérard, an awkward hunter. Their assignment: bring Jonathan back to his cage ...
870 ::: Innocence (2013/V) ::: short ::: After the fall of the Empire the British fell into chaos, conquered and attacked no one had peace. From this chaos, an isolated mercenary travels these lands that sell his sword services come to find a young girl of mayors, only survivors of her desert village. Emotionally weakened by her, his honorable and protective feelings bind them on a journey to break down with danger.
871 ::: Shadows in the Wind (2009) ::: short ::: New York, 1905. Su and Johnny are two painters that share the studio. Johnny becomes ill with pneumonia and does not improve. Sue notes that his friend is always watching through the window through his bed. There is only one brick house. It's autumn. The wind never stops crying. An old ivy vine climbing half the way over the brick wall. It has been stripped of almost all its leaves. Then when Sun realizes that Johnsi is convinced that he will die when the last leaf closes.
872 ::: Deliverance: Betraying the River (2007) ::: short ::: Tensions have begun to build, mountain men see their appearance and 'Bobby' man-aspiration. The happiness and uselessness of riding rivers changed. Louis shot an arrow into the man and then comes out of dru canoe and drowning, and other events take place.
873 ::: Khan (2009) ::: short ::: After catching his wife to have a police officer, he has been avoiding for years, the betrayal boss faces the ultimate decision. Receive his custom. Is it true that they say? Once you enter, you will never go outside ...
874 ::: Blue Hope (????) ::: short ::: The script follows two parallel stories. One, in Rome, is the story of a girl who has to deal with her pregnancy on her own and considers that her son is for adoption. The other, in India, revolves around a young woman who travels to India for a job, who, as we discovered, was delivered by adoption. Asha, our protagonist in India, meets with his guide to the country, Aditi, and more by chance that by design is a little more to a part of it that had always perceived as a dark shadow in his life. As part of Asha's work, we have it interviewing Janani, an older woman who once had to give one of her own children for adoption. The objective is not to judge the decisions of any of our characters, but explore their feelings and situations, allowing the viewer to form their own opinion and leave the question of how our characters will continue their way in the open life to interpretation. .
875 ::: Pasión por el fútbol (2007) ::: short ::: In the park, her boyfriend listens to a soccer game via radio while reading a book. One day, a mysterious woman was near. Their eyes intersect. She shows again and then strolls to a public restroom. Will the protagonist follow her?
876 ::: L'enfant d'une nuit (2005) ::: short ::: A filthy old man wanders aimlessly on the quays at night, finds a baby, picks him up and takes him home ...
877 ::: Bondepoeten (2016) ::: short ::: Sven is ninety-year-old but she grew up in Jumkil, Mount Uppsala (Sweden). He began as farmer before and extend great love and to respect and animals. This was inspired by a man and poem. Its books are full of deep impression, sorrow and beauty and beauty. Sloven of sven in its text can be found.
878 ::: Singing Was the Only Way Through (2014) ::: short ::: Photographs of asylum prisoners dance with the demons of the doctors and speak to the spirits of plants in this hybrid documentary, which explores the ability of the mind to cure. Charcoal and collage animation by "only the only way to sing" uses a journey on the ground of an abandoned psychic organization to reflect the power of doctors and artists to create the meaning of time-laps photography and our collective facts. It is surprising that we can lose when we have pathaled the full extent of our emotions and fail to reduce the suffering of those in us. Are we living crazy or living in a crazy world? Who has the power to decide?
879 ::: The Impermanence of the Ordinary (2013) ::: short ::: The common manager is photographed Patrick Cummins. Patricks reported a story about Toronto by arresting a variable house change. More than 45 of the structure of structure, residence scarte, residence, he continues to change, and differences in a dramatic form. The image appears in the flat roads of the country is usually visible.
880 ::: Warehouse, a Film from the Lovebirds Project (2017) ::: short ::: Shadow and Queen meet every night after midnight. In addition to a poorly maintained warehouse in Greenpoint on the banks of the East River, they drink looks of Modelo and they smoke weed and dream about what they want to do when they grow up. They do not know each other's real names, or where each other lives, or what does each other before sunset. But perhaps from loneliness or a lack of sobriety, they start to fall in love and struggle with the 'rules' of the game they play.
881 ::: Ex libris (1989) ::: short ::: A young messenger comes to a bookseller of another hand to bring several books. While their packets are prepared, it rotates among the bookshelves. Suddenly a book falls on the floor. He picks it up, opens it randomly and reads a brief erotic fraction. An 18 -year -old girl revolves around her in an unrealistic way. She asks, "Did you like it?" He does not know. She says, "Don't follow me" and leave the shop. He disregards his misunderstanding, puts the book under his jacket and follows the girl on her moped. He finds her sitting on a bench in one part of a church where many urns are placed in the walls. She does not answer anything she says. Then he opens the book once more randomly and reads another erotic fraction. Then she moves around a corner, but she has disappeared when she immediately follows. Somehow his attention is drawn on one of the plates of a name on the wall: "Anna Stavgrad B. 1910 D. 1928". He opens the book and sees the former Libris with the name "Anna Stavagrad".
882 ::: Foreclosure (1982) ::: short ::: Prohibition, a 20-minute 16mm film, co-produced with the small town of Milan in Western Central Minnesota as a political statement, tells the history of a 1982 family, losing its forefront farm during the farm crisis. Through the memories of an old farmer, we return to a auction of pennies since 1930, when populists have thrown out foreclosures, gaining only pennies and nickels for each item that appeared for an offer. The banks were forced to accept scarce revenue and people then returned everything back to the family so that they could stay on land.
883 ::: Exchange (2010/I) ::: short ::: Two foreigners meet for an exchange that will change their lives. Richard is a man who remains nothing to lose, he sees a last opportunity to try to make a federal senator sing. The senator does not have any idea of ​​the personal connection that the skeletons of his closet will have with his singer.
884 ::: The Mondavi Gang (2009) ::: short ::: Do not believe the over! The 2008 presidential race did not only appear on television, in debate and healthy bytes. It happened in households across America. This movie is a captivating emotional portrait of friends discussing the president's candidacy and learning that personalities and politics will face and communication is the most difficult thing of all. This movie captures the moods and tensions of American voters with all the realism and none of the addiction to media comments. As the characters discuss their views, those from the audience will be attracted to a convincing conversation. Here's a new look at how 2008 was the year in which the American people woke up and finally talked to each other.
885 ::: Our First Fight (2000) ::: short ::: When Billy's new girlfriend invites her to the gymnasium for a training session, he does not expect it to be a boxing gymnasium. Okay, a little light fight between lovers seems quite harmless. But Lena has other ideas, and soon Billy realizes that he has just entered the fight of the century - man against woman - without safeguard by the bell.
