1 ::: The Movies (2006) ::: sci-fi ::: Stuck in the past, now the dead, Patrick McBi (Gett is rapidly making his filming by making the same film over and over again about the good days of his hometown. Now with his next feature and relationships with Hannah Traxler (Meehan) , His long -standing obsession, which is rapidly declining, Patrick discovers a new way of returning to the past: watching films of his life. From the writer and director "American writer" the story of seeing that life never comes Not, and those movies ... are always changing.
2 ::: The Last Scout (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: 2065 ... With the desolate earth by war, the rest of the humanity's survivors send a fleet on various issues in the Galaxy in the hope of finding a new world. After a seven -year journey and a long communication range, the crew of P -Gas Gusus is close to their destination when they face a dearlicut ship. As tensions increase on the board and they struggle to complete their mission, they soon realize that they are not alone and should fight for their existence - and the existence of the human race.
3 ::: Diamond Knight (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: The "Dramat's Night" series is focused with the "Dial" Name "Dial" Name "Dial" Name "Del" Name "Din". "Dai" is trying to find the youth for young people from the youth since its of her target and origin. In the world he live in a widely, including new type of criminals; Any new types need to help the meeting to help the world to save something safe. "DIA" Life is not easy or suitable as he is known as "Dimas Nilee" as a "Dimas Nilee" is known in this scientific fiction darma.
4 ::: USS Angeles: The Price of Duty (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: In the middle of three years (2373-2375), the Federation Federation was in touch with the UsS Orion Starship with USS Orion Starship; The ship is equipped with a high confidential quantum stage of Prototype. As a scared of technology, the enemy's hands, Captain Janis Willoks and the US had task to pursue USA USA Native USA Native Native. The captain of the last famous place can find the captain of the captain of the captain of the Captain of the Captain of the Captain of the Captain of the Captain of the Captain. The US angels detects the ion trace from cardiological engines. Admiral Max from the star's fleet says the Max bearings will be too dangerous to repay the territory of Cardascara. If the captain's midorkers return and return home and return to the ion trace, follow the ION trace and try to save the crew of the US crew, can they still stay alive?
5 ::: Day 1 (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Day 1, in an almost apocalyptic future, Kevin Hayes (Walt Sloan), goes to live. He said that from the military authorities. Rumors about an illness that let people fight to death force humanity to remain apart. Kevin's memories of the past and the never -ending search for his daughter. Kevin's journey leads him to a new military sector that was controlled by Captain Reynolds (Harold Dennis). The captain with his group of renegade soldiers and he has a plan - a terrible plan to remove those that he calls "infected". The only people who stand in the way of the captain are two new recruits, Benett and Williams (Andrew Jacob Dehart and Jessica Oberhausen). These forces come to a climatic end at which the border between good and evil is blurred, and Kevin will do everything to stay alive.
6 ::: StarCraft II: Nova Covert Ops (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Following the events of the Legacy of the Void, Ghost Nova Dominion is betrayed by the controversial defenders of man who had manipulated many ghosts in setting up psi-emers to attract Zergun Feral in order to undermine the new regime of Emperor Valerian Mengsk. Her memories were deleted and she now has to restore them with the help of Reigal and Griffin Cruiser weapons expert.
7 ::: Cassette (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: Cassett explores the geography of an underground society through the eyes of Marcos Blanco, an electrician who arrived in his new housing unit, sees himself involved in an obsessive search for a mysterious woman who through the envisaged photos and images of Data begin to unfold. However, a vigilant government traces its every movement through the dark corridors of an underground city.
8 ::: "PURE" (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In a distant future that has divided the genetic editing of society, a unlikely united warrior escapes in a young man who escapes on a journey, escapes from the powerful power of disagreement, and learns that sacrifice for Future what does people mean
9 ::: USS Angeles: The Price of Duty (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: In the middle of the three-year Dominion War (2373-2375), Starfleet Federation lost contact with the USS Orion Starship near the enemy territory Cardassian; The ship was equipped with a prototype with a prototype Soptery secret quantum concealment of a concealer. Fearing technology will fall into the hands of the enemy, Captain Janice Wilcox and the Uss Angeles star of the federation has the task of undertaking a search and recovery mission. Arriving at the last known place, Captain Willcocks can only find some floating cargo debris, along with the floating dead and stabbed body of the former USS orion captain John Knapp. However, USS Angeles sensors find an ion path of WARP engines walking across the Kardas border. Admiral Max Cervantes from the Star Fleet command says invading the territory of Kardasius would be too risky. Should Captain Willcocks follow orders and return home or follow Ion Trail and try to save the Uss Orion crew at the out-of-shap that they can still be alive?
10 ::: Salvaging Outer Space (2008) ::: sci-fi ::: As Captain Lauruse & his staff is looking for valuable in a deep place, armed ships are nowhere to be found and an attempt to destroy them. Proper teamwork means success or death. However, in space ... the belief is very rare!
11 ::: Madrigal (2007) ::: sci-fi ::: "Everything is not something that looks like". This is the motto of the Madrigal of Fernando Perez, which is in the first part, with a beautiful actor's love story, with a more weight and domestic girl (what she is for her, or for her Swanic apartment?) Has gone? The second part, remembering the story of a futuristic novel, is writing The actor the actor (which converts Havana into some dark orgesk playground with the film Noor Tone).
12 ::: Virtual Encounters 2 (1998) ::: sci-fi ::: Nerd computer type encounters a virtual computer program that puts the viewer right in the experience. His roommate convinces him to use him as a sex program and sell various sexual "experiences". Meanwhile, the fool is striving to meet a girl who is too shy to approach, and hopes that the virtual meeting program will help him. The high-tech abductions at the Midvale College attach a whole new meaning to the term "physical education", as APT students are instructed at the finer points of pleasure from a computer program that generates "virtual" partners.
13 ::: "Aperture: Science Time" (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: Welcome to Susan Timman .The welcome time. Hole hole .I have been kind to me to borrow a room and a few additional DOLARs (really, just a few), so that the hole, portals, solar system and everything else allow me to make these short videos to answer your questions. This week's topic is portal technology.
14 ::: "The Timeline Shifter: Temporal Outlaws" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: It is the dawn of the third millennium. The time travel prophet is finally obtained-and its consequences are quickly discovered. Thus, the United States creates a new government agency: the federal office of the temporal threat. One hundred years later, Rogue F.B.I. Agent is running amuck over time. Falls to the f.B.O.T. To lower her - but her cause is really bad? Produced by the Create4U youth group, "The Timeline Shifter" gives you a peak in the future, where timely travel is kept by the public, and the very different views on how to use it better. Misraf with funny characters, action of science and mysteries from the dozen, "The Timeline Shifter" is a satire-loaded adventure that everyone can enjoy.
15 ::: Ruusujen aika (1969) ::: sci-fi ::: In Year 1, historian Raimo Lappalenen wants to explain how life was 50 years ago. She is confused by the fate of the Nude Model Dale, Sara Turunen of the 1970s, and has discovered a perfect actress for the re -form of her life and death in front of the TV camera. Meanwhile, the strike is covered by the media at the nuclear plant.
16 ::: X Rebirth (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: In the distant future, the X universe faces a period of deep and irrevocable change. While the universe comes to an uncertain future, a number of adventures expect as new enemies rise in search of power. Insert a young adventurer and his unlikely female ally traveling in an old and beaten ship with a glorious past-two single people against the galaxy, playing a leading part in the upcoming events. The fate of the universe rests with the player ... X Rebirth represents a spectacular new start to the X series, offering loyal and new fans in the same way a vast, weird and extremely detailed universe to explore during the game . Varying gameplay elements such as action-filled space, detailed trading mechanics and high-speed space exploration with fast travel allow players to experience a truly unique space saga that keeps them connected for dozens of hours. X Rebirth has a new user experience - it's easier than ever to start, and stays as deep as fans expect it.
17 ::: Descent 3 (1999) ::: sci-fi ::: After malfunctioning at the base of the drive, the material defender is barely alive and falls in the sun. Saved by death by some locals, you find that Dravis, the head of Post Terran Mining Corporation, intentionally killed you. After experimenting with the virus that turns robots into killer, you are responsible. With a new PYRO of the GL-Class class, you plan to get a pay and then kill Dravis. In that order.
18 ::: "Invasión" (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: It has been a year since the invasion that the Earth suffered. When it seems that the calm has returned to the world, a strange meteor falls and the same day, a murder happened - it is at this point that Jesus is called to go to the moon, what connection will have all this?
19 ::: F.I.S.T. (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Based on the best-selling romance series Starfist is a dark, gritti sci-fi functions that follow SSGT. As Charlie Bass and Confederation are against a deadly galactic opponent to save the destruction of humanity. Every season, we begin to deep in the lives of the battle, in the new planets, new planets, in the new planets, and in the new planet.
20 ::: Damnation Alley (1977) ::: sci-fi ::: A small group of survivors in military installation, which survived the World War 3, trying to drive to the desolate Westland where they hope more survivors live. Hopefully their specialized vehicles will protect them from strange weather transformed plants and animal lives and other dangers. A group of survivors after the nuclear Holocaust, mostly in the U.S. Air Force employees travel from West US to Albeny, New York from where radio broadcasts have been received. Under the leadership of a nonsense Major, Eugene Denton, they travel in specialized vehicles specially built for survival in a harsh situation. Along the way, they attach to an attractive young woman when they stop in Las Vegas, when they meet the desperate survivors in the desert, joins a little boy, killer cocoarch hordes must be encountered and avoiding large floods in Detroit.
21 ::: "Dark Age" (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: This series is 18 months from now on. An anonymous apocalypse has destroyed a large percentage of the population. The age of information is a nostalic memory. We live in "The Castle" of Arthur, Ruth, Virgil and Kate, who live in the woods in the post -revelation world. They face the hardest truths about faith, companions, and what it means to be "cultured" in the world that is not clear. Our heroes live everyday, and have not thought beyond them until one shakes things in the unlikely intruded castle and thinking about them more than existing. What will they do when their neighbors are crazy culture, thoughtful killers and males? They have to be out of the new dark age.
22 ::: Invasion: UFO (1974) ::: sci-fi ::: The land is threatened due to an aliency competition that kidnaps humans and even the animals and even kills animals and use for the bodies. In 1980 s.h.a.a.o. In. (Between the Foreign Office, a great secret military organization, which is working under the external threat of land. S.H.A.O.O.O. Also A base in the moon with the moon and the initial notice detecting (S.i.i ........). The General James Headerson and Commander Manager Drop of high-trained and well-equipped women Has to make an emissive UFOs regularly.
23 ::: "The Big Pull" (1962) ::: sci-fi ::: The big pull starts quietly, as the SF does all good, with a great scientific triumph of men in the space that is successfully returning home. So, however, things go wrong with astronauts disappear. They disappear in pairs, but then one returns with both aspects of oneself and the pair. Over time it passes more through this process and it is realized that every time the number of victims happens, it doubles the amount of time between the halves of the events. Eventually the original victim (s) give explanations about what is happening. It is part of a large cosmic battle between two factions called joutous (?) And Eurot (?), The process is a preparation for the world to be absorbed into one of the cosmic factions. The last thing you look like are our heroes dead and panic that stop around the world. This was produced at the time of the Cold War and so the analogy between the USSR and the United States is obvious-at least now. This is one of the "lost gems" of the television science fiction. He has been able to stay in my mind since he was first broadcast in the early 1960s.
24 ::: The Shadow Zone (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: In 2016, the invaders of space attacked the Earth and its people. In an attempt to thwart the attackers, the magnificent scientist Dr. Diane Landry created a foreign-human hybrid to wipe the invaders. They performed well and drove out the invaders, but then turned on humanity themselves. In 2017, some remaining remaining, mostly underground and secretly, should work together to reach a "safe shelter", where they will not be at the mercy of these new, deadly creatures.
25 ::: Crack in the World (1965) ::: sci-fi ::: Dr. Stephen Sorenson is planning to tap the geothermal energy of the interior of the earth by means of a thermonuclear device that has exploded deep in the earth. Despite the serious warnings by fellow scientist Ted Rampion, Dr. Sorenson further with the experiment after having secretly learned that he is terminally ill. This experiment ensures that a crack forms and grows in the crust of the earth, which threatens to split the earth in two if it is not stopped on time.
26 ::: "E.A.R.T.H. Force" (1990) ::: sci-fi ::: E.A.R.T.H. Force is a television series of American action adventure that interprets Gil Gerard. The series aired 3 episodes to CBS from September 16, 1990, until September 29, 1990, before being canceled due to low estimates. [1] The show is about an elite group, the tactical headquarters of the land aller's research (E.A.R.T.H.), which was gathered by a millionaire who died to prevent environmental disasters around the world.
27 ::: Dreaming (2020) ::: sci-fi ::: Everyone will connect to the source of change for a good life. The engineers can inspect someone's mind and mind to find its compatibility on the source. Are called the matches and dreams that they pass through.
28 ::: The Stairwell (2007) ::: sci-fi ::: The staircase is an absurd Orwell survey of the modern corporate caste system that follows the confusion created in the life of the business when their computer -function is engaged. The more chaos comes when the elevator stops functioning and news is learned about the death of Richard's wife (Executive Director). Since everything becomes a topsy-turvy, a low office assistant, Brian must overcome the laws placed on him by society and forced himself to rise to his full potential and save that corporation before throwing himself to the inevitable Death.
29 ::: Ikarie XB 1 (1963) ::: sci-fi ::: A giant spacecraft carrying settlers on a new planet encounters unexpected problems on his trip, ranging from encounters with external crafts abandoned to the dysfunction of computers on board and tensions among his crew and passengers.
30 ::: NightMan (1997) ::: sci-fi ::: Johnny Domino is a musician. During the performance of some important characters, the thunderbolt shock was shocked. Then he thinks he hears things but no one speaks, and the things he hears terrible. Then Johnny told a doctor that his mind could pick up ideas like radio capturing certain frequencies. But the frequency it picks up is the frequency of evil, which explains why the things he hears are terrible. Among the things he heard are the ideas of a government man looking for some men who are planning to sell weapons that were built to the United States to the enemies of the United States in the meantime, the fear of traitors that Johnny is a treatment trying to kill him but fail. The belief that Johnny is the only person he can trust, the Jordanian rally, the man who works for the governmental man tells Johnny what happens and shows him weapons, a bullet -proof suit, an anti -gravity belt, a head that makes the man invisible, and the piece of the eye from which you can emit Laser. When a rally gives them to Johnny, puts them and becomes a super hero who chases traitors.
31 ::: Journey to the Center of the Earth (1993) ::: sci-fi ::: Taking the title from Jules Verne's novel, this story takes its main prerequisite for the desire to travel to the center of the Earth. Travelers, using their craft, penetrate an active volcano and encounter a strange world filled with many beings and evil power, controlling all this.
32 ::: Madam Carriere (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In 2075, the American dictator to destroy the country. Karraye lost his family from his family, to their teenagers and a parental habit, he had to be forced to him. He later met with an old friend who knew where his sister was, but it is impossible to find it alive. Then Arrierere opens the world without his idea.
33 ::: Remora (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In the dying planet, under a thick ice shell, a massive submarine city travels across the pan-oishan. Its citizens prepare themselves for the new world for Exodus. The ratio, the ocean driller, uncover the plan to sacrifice the first vessels, which crack the ice shell so that only the ship carrying the nobility of the society can pass through it. After the accusation of being a traitor, Lania saved the ratio. She is committed to the earth, belonging to the community of expulsion hidden inside her volcano. The ratio and the Lania Galaxy tries to attach to the earth-bound-bearing ship like a remora to escape the ice world to escape the ice world, looking for their destiny at the opposite end: only a small blue planet and only one satellite, where the dinosaurs are still there.
34 ::: Mermaids: The Body Found (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: In 2016, he began a scientific survey to reveal the responsible person when the marine biologist Dr. Brian McCormick (Sean C. Michael) stumbled on a mysterious underwater sound. In search of definitive evidence, his and his research team is called to a rare whale stranding in South Africa. Here they find the digested part of animals that none of them cannot be identified. Since each body deviates, we provide a new part of the puzzle. When a picture is built, Macchmic is attracted to the amazing conclusion. This new marine life is related to humans. This two -hour special combines beautiful CGI animation, real natural history, thrilling modern conspiracy theory, and competition with time to reveal ancient secrets before being too late.
35 ::: "Nevermore" (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: Virginia Clemm Poe, young girlfriend and writer Edgar Allan Poe, has a secret that only she and her mother know. Although he was born in 1822, Virginia was conceived in the 21st century. She and her mother maintain this secret throughout her life never revealing the truth to her beloved husband. Virginia is tragically diagnosed with tuberculosis, which means some death in the 19th century. At the death point, her mother, Maria, gives her the formula that makes time travel possible and travels to the 21st century, where she is cured. Virginia then joins the army rangers, and then, he will work for the company that originally developed the formula for time travel. Missing her husband, steals the formula and returns when she and Edgar, 26, married for the first time. Through a series of events, she and her attempt at Poe try to travel together. However, something goes wrong. Instead of returning to the Virginia era, they become part of a Steampunk timeline. With the help of a secret agency known as Nevermore and two trusted friends (Alyssa Lee and Joseph Dickens), Virginia and Edgar seek to correct things. Against the Thule Society, which is dedicated to the destruction of anyone in their way, our four heroes seek to save two realities: Virginia and the world of Steampunk.
36 ::: Kitaru (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: In the war of the government, the only substance that saves is a slaughtered slave by Sedigy. If he asks for greater freedom, the Safe Sebroic and theeie first show himself first. As it produces for the real taste, it is no chat of the rock Rh] Syder Sydern Syden Syderna working under the nose. This opportunity is a chance to express himself or is he in his head? How much is his pride?
37 ::: Collapse (????) ::: sci-fi ::: To change our future, we must first change the past first. At 2240, the turmoil and chaos dominates our society, which is fueled by fear and absolute control by the United World Union. There are a small number of people who call themselves the resistance who believe that the world we have destroyed can be reversed and we can give ourselves a second chance to start again and change the course of history by returning in time. Resistance has found ancient plans for a time displacement machine designed to send people forward and time over time, but in the wrong hands it can have severe consequences.
38 ::: "Wars" (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: In which pocket waste in the world does not have a war, no crime, there is no disease, poverty, no religion. There is also no choice and no freedom. We control us with one, all powerful corporations and its artificial intelligence brain, which controls, controls, monitors with a score of 24-7 and makes judges. We reward social scores and lifestyle. We forgot what it is to be a person, to become a will. The only way to get rid of this brain is a crew of highly qualified satisfaction with highly qualified satisfaction and musicians, he was purchased with wise wisdom and the most popular plan. The world needs a new type of new character and the upcoming 15,768,017.03 seconds, no crime, poverty, no religion. There is also no choice and no freedom. We control us with one, all powerful corporations and its artificial intelligence brain, which controls, controls, monitors with a score of 24-7 and makes judges.
39 ::: Mars Needs Women (1967) ::: sci-fi ::: Messages from the outer place requires "Mairarest Women's" after receiving a series of messages, the US Encryption Center receives visit to the Ministry of Defense, head of five prisoners to the ground. Due to the genetic problem, marshan is actually generate only men and need to import women to survive the species. The Department of Prisoners is to return to five birth and unit. Those who look at the center as an hostile, aspirants, collective participants who believe that the success of the project is the most suitable is the expert of pictures of pictures. In follow-up, DOP falls in love with a doctor ship. But the Marshian must complete the mission against the authorities, including Dr. Green, found their strip strips.
40 ::: "Dark Day" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: In a post -apocalyptic, dystopian future, a demon masked as a member of high society must be released from the vengeful curse of God - what forcibly forces him in the role of a hero. Henry cabbage, the demon in question, has hidden from the eyes of the wardens (a group of highly trained personalities who track demons until their death) and vigilant demons. His lust of blood brings him to unintentional exposure when two possible hunters of demons, Calvin Shaw and Ian How, are aimed at the true nature of Henry. Calvin and Ian are investigating Henry quietly without knowing that Henry watches them every step along the way and waits for them to strike. Calvin and Ian put a trap for Henry, which is retreating; Ian was killed and Calvin barely escaped his life. Henry, however, was captured by a mysterious being and brought to unknown places. Calvin, with the help of Ian's wealthy and influential family, must find the location of Henry cabbage and the exact justice. He realizes a little that the world is about to enter a state of war, as the sleeping enemies of the many hidden demons in the world are slowly revealing.
41 ::: "Prey" (1998) ::: sci-fi ::: The young bioanthropologist Dr. Sloan Parker, Dr. Ann Coulter, overwhelmed by the brutal murder of her mentor and girlfriend, Dr. Sloan Parker, continues Coulter's secret DNA research at Whitney University in South California. Coulter believed that global warming produced a brilliant new human way that is determined to eliminate Homo Sapiens, as Homo Sapiens killed competing species in his perception of the obvious fate. What if the global warming would change our DNA? What if the changes were not good? Our questions are answered in this science fiction series. Sloan Parker is a bioanthropologist who has just discovered that Darwin's theory could be very relevant here. Humanity hides an alternative breed under its own, a more intelligent breed of serial murderers. Your goal: to destroy human things to survive the strong ...
42 ::: Music of the Spheres (1984) ::: sci-fi ::: Established in the unheard of, when the existing world economy has fallen, and the new city states are controlled by computers, many of which require a type of telepathic link with a human counterpart. When the most important of these computers shows strange trends during a crucial operation, its counterpart, a leading scientist named Melody, begins to have psychic experiences. For a low-budget film, a surprisingly deep exploration of emotions vs. Logic and the search elusive to the truth.
43 ::: Dead Americans (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: Consumed by rage after losing his wife on September 11, Michael Penn (Ken Collins) enrolled in the military with a mania for revenge on the battlefield. Penn is soon tangled in a deadly black project designed to generate Ultimate Assassin. Renamed: "Sandman", Penn and Sleeping killers like him find themselves in a brutal game on the streets of America, where they can get out of the board at any time. Jay Humlet performs a fascinating performance like Malcolm, the NSA agent loaded with the elimination of the problem before uncomfortable details are laid down. Dead Americans is a provocative thriller that is as exciting as it is in time. There is no margin for Penn and others mistake, as they find that when your time comes, it is not death, it is deactivation.
44 ::: The Lathe of Heaven (1980) ::: sci-fi ::: George -O, who has a dream that can change the awakening reality, tries to suppress this unpredictable gift with drugs. Dr. Harbor, an assigned psychiatrist, discovers that the gift is genuine, and hypnosis guides Oa to change the reality for mankind.
45 ::: Andrea Perron: House of Darkness House of Light (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: In the famous farm studied at the blockbuster, Farhah, Andrea Perron's past inspired him to write his past book, the house of the house of the dark. Now it is included in tales with staff and reports supporting their stories and reports.
46 ::: Finding Oblivion (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: It started with a terrorist operation: a dirty bomb -a radiant attack on American soil, which was completely destroyed in the middle of the American West and left millions or death. Our government immediately looked at external threats -Iraq, Iran and Afghanistan ... North Korea ... but then the truth came. The attack was not carried out by foreign youth, but through a coordinated effort from local terrorists. America was being attacked by its citizens. The government moved quickly, and with one of its falling full control of the country, closing our borders, creating a curfew, implementing a special police force, and organizing all aspects of our lives. They took control of the Internet. I carried out a military draft, took our firearms, and registered all air travel. Democrats and the Republicans united, and issued a law to grant the government full control of emergency throughout the crisis period. They called this law a law enforcement of US security. Nearly 10 years have passed and martial law is still valid. Unemployment in 38 %. All citizens are tracked through their digital devices. All companies are owned by the government. Private government police forces are patrolling the streets, and seeking to obtain and detention terrorists. Residents live in fear. We are prisoners in our country, holding hostages by our government. Many of us now believe that the government was directly responsible for the attacks in the middle of the West that killed a lot. Use our fear to seize control. The population is overwhelmed while the government of companies grows fat. People began moving to the streets, protesting, demanding the truth. The government fought, detained and implemented thousands of suspected rebels. What started as civil disturbances may soon become a widespread civil war. This is America. the time now. My name is Edenfall_318, I am a journalist, and for the first time since the collapse of America, the truth will be told. this is my story...
47 ::: Gray Matter (2017/I) ::: sci-fi ::: Because the famous forms called "gray" in the 1940s are popular all over the world, they have entered our planet, before they go to our planet, they do what do we do to do our mistakes and civilizations? What if they are here to protect us? After the meteorite crash, the young woman beats a young woman with a strange "gray" and destroys the creature and destroys it, it can lead to death, which can lead to death. After the meteorite crash, the young woman beats a young woman with a strange "gray" and destroys the creature and destroys it, it can lead to death, which can lead to death.
48 ::: Lust in Space: The Erotic Witch Project IV (2005) ::: sci-fi ::: Colonel Ah Khan and Captain Darian Kane travel back in time in an attempt to find a cure for the erotic plague for witches that has swallowed planet Earth. Sexual orgies have dominated modern cities, turning civilization absorbed by erotica. Will Kane and Khan be able to save the world from sex starvation or with their own passionate passions for each other, while the other exquisite scandalously dressed crew members destroy them.
49 ::: Memory Runner (????) ::: sci-fi ::: When I woke up to sleep, the miners see itself in hospitals and storage. His memory cannot return because the locked cube is called the Rube Run. Terrorists try to escape disease in the hospital, but when they killed them on a trip, it is due to the runner to get to know him.
50 ::: Event 16 (2006) ::: sci-fi ::: Matt, a young inventor of a progress creation in his garage workshop, is about to lose his girlfriend because of his passion, while the 1893 cat is rotating in the workshop by a wall made by his invention. Soon the police, hidden agents and killers are hunting not only in the race of Matt and his girlfriend, but over time, but in his race. An independent digital facility of a second handful of super-talented Kisis.
51 ::: "Escape Velocity" (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: A young man promotes a group of college students about scientific mission to be continuously and in the process. But when NASA gets the word of the word and invites him to attack the ground that attacks the ground, the group breaks the humanity and your life.
52 ::: "The Timeline Shifter: Temporal Outlaws" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: This is the dawn of the third millennium. The feat of traveling in time is finally achieved - and its consequences are quickly detected. In this way, the United States is setting up a new government agency: the Federal Bureau of Temporary Threat Due. One hundred years later, fraudster F.B.I. The agent works Amuk all the time. Falls on F.B.O.T. To take her down - but is her cause really wrong? Made by the Create4U youth group, the "timeline switch" gives you a peak in the future, where time travel is detained by the public and many different opinions on how to use it best. Ripe with humorous characters, science fiction and mysteries of the dozens, the "timeline switch" is an adventure with satire that anyone can enjoy.
53 ::: Vortex (2001) ::: sci-fi ::: And a nearest criminal rate is usually high. The government counts this development in a new prison: Vortex. The Vincent Vincent Vincent Vincent is sent to the place, and after killing a man tried it without self. The Vortex everyone should do their crimes frequently. The first discovery is another one's neighbor.
54 ::: Luna (1965) ::: sci-fi ::: The brief origin of planets with two main competitive hypotheses at the time regarding the formation of moon crafts and Earth composition are presented by scientists in the context of the challenges of future human flights to the moon. Presents interviews and practical demonstrations from leading Soviet scientists in this field. American and Soviet achievements in sending moon probes and the complexity and challenges of the missile model for the next human space flight to the moon. The latter part contains the dramatization of scientific fabrications by next moon landing actors, the exploration of the surface, followed by the colonization of the moon with the creation of habitable bases and transport networks around the moon.
55 ::: Absynthia (????) ::: sci-fi ::: An attack on a mercenary plane on a seemingly innocent cargo sends the life of the captain and its crew in their not -so -innocent past. PARE-AMNEZIA complicates all their relationships and the unfolding events can destroy the well-planned government society.
56 ::: Tomorrowless (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The year is protruding from our air in 2188, and in the apocalyptic world. We were poisoned our planet and killed other people, including our forests. The world is not the same as he knows it in the XXI century, but now there are no borders and no countries. The World Health Government (WHG) has a large state that has many areas.
57 ::: "Temponaut" (????) ::: sci-fi ::: 50 years later, travel time travel. The silence is too expensive, the government is controlled. The poisonous aircraft gives people to life. Temptauts are sent at time to ensure that it continues to move.
58 ::: Project Moon Base (1953) ::: sci-fi ::: In the not too distant future of 1970, the United States consider building bases on the moon and send a female colonel and two men to investigate. One of the men appears to be a foreign spy, and the entire surgery and the future of the free world is in danger.
59 ::: "The Chronicles of Dawn" (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: After being attacked by a gang, and her parents were killed, they fight back. In the process the blood of the demonstration enters its eyes by turning it into an immortal demo game machine. Now her eye can see the demons that each person has and her only mission is to route them and follow what her family took.
60 ::: Nightmare Alley (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: The world of the friendly countries thought that the victory was his, and it was decided in this way - with the surrender of the German and then the bomb over Japan, his victory was safe or so he thought !! The main mistake made by the Allies at the end of the war was that they spent a lot of money and time to steal the German technology before hunting the elite soldiers of Hilter and stealing the German technology. Recalling the so -called fatal suicides of Obergrupahfuharr Hans Kammler on 9 May 1945, many witnesses confirmed their bodies, then rumors also said, they were again captured by US forces, if the rumors were re -occupied by the US forces. When he was, he killed the wrong man. Kammal ran away in his individual aircraft, Jankar JU-390V1, real Luftwaf Commander, General Field Marshal Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robber The captive was taken by and in Sazberg after sixteen days in jail, he was killed by A, he was killed, he was killed. The spy, and made to look like suicide, was designed to find out that the US could not find that it was not the real gernerfieldfieldmshel glum. They disappeared in South America with a third of the German wine weapons and technology and still built Hitler's secret weapons to join other scientists and engineers, deep in hidden base in South America, What was untouched, an indication was no idea of ​​its existence, Aadhaar continued to work and training the soldiers of the elite at a quick rate. Deeply underground and well supplied during the war with Aadhaar. With fifty thousand strong soldiers and pilots where their families lived secretly. He worked hard for two years, unaware of anyone in the outside world, but some detectives let alone colleagues go, now they are ready, they come out from within the earth with single manned aircraft and armor, with a four manual The unit is the unit, to give a powerful blow to its enemies. The Allies ignored unwanted and loose instantaneous land, as German and Japanese quickly withdrew their countries and many other countries in this process.
61 ::: Megaman X (????) ::: sci-fi ::: An Australian boy "Lan" takes a trip to the United States to see his father's scientific invention, when he arrived, he receives a new tragic saying that he had lost his father. A USB is given to him of a CIA secret agent with the name Dr. Light, LAN then heads for the nearest hotel to find out what he received. He then soon discovered that the world will be attacked by evil Dr. Wiley. His father explains what he must do to do to carry out the mission to save the earth, so LAN volunteers to fight against the mechanic servants of a crazy scientist.
62 ::: "Aeon - Countdown im All" (2000) ::: sci-fi ::: Chris Sanders as a boy was forced to look at helpless when he worshiped his father, astronaut Matthew Sanders, killed in a Soyuz capsule after exploding. Chris did not realize that the accident was just to fool people and to hide the real circumstances behind the mysterious "Omega Mission": a huge, indefinite mass in space, Aon was approaching the earth and had to be destroyed. The head of the Omega project, General Gossett, wants to prevent mass panic by keeping the whole thing a secret. Nevertheless, his colleague MB Kabe was strongly opposed, and he was lacked in mental therapy. Ten years later, Chris himself is an astronaut, and has been chosen to go to his first mission to the international space station orbiting the earth. She meets McBen shortly before the projection, who tells her about the fictional accident ten years ago. Chris does not trust him, but Laura, an attractive journalist, investigates the matter and has really found some evidence to support McBen's allegations. Meanwhile, Chris is on the shuttle in space. Their first mission turns into a disaster, however, when Macbain takes a relay station on earth and uses Software Ftware to block the functions of the shuttle. Chris is at a serious danger, and after the courageous rescue attempt is saved by his friend Nick only in Nick. Back to Earth, Chris travels with Russia with Laura to learn more about the mysterious project Omega. As it is to solve both mysteries, Chris is called away to prevent someone from destroying the international space station. Chris immediately realized that McBain was involved again, but this time it is powerless to prevent disaster: a missile destroys the station, killing his friend Nick in the process. Chris has now realized that Omega is doing everything in his power to cover something. On his first mission to the moon, he stumbled to the top secret moon base. Chris found out that he was finally on the issue of revealing the mystery of Omega once and for all ...
63 ::: Space II (1979) ::: sci-fi ::: This expansion of the Edu-Ware's "Space" role game includes two new scenarios: Shaman, in which his character launches a career on an indomitable planet as a religious practitioner who tries to accumulate followers; And psychedelia, in which you can improve the attributes of your characters through drugs that alert the mind to the risk of physical danger.
64 ::: The Movies (2006) ::: sci-fi ::: Patrick McBay, dead in the past, death in the present (Getty quickly destroys his career on making films by making the same film over and over again about the good old days of his hometown. Now closed with his next feature and relationships with Hannah with Hannah Traxler (Meehan), his old obsession, who quickly decreases, discovers Patrick a new method of the Spirit to return to the past: watching the films of his life. The writer and director of "American Writer" comes The story of seeing that life is never one -sided, and that films ... always change.
65 ::: Vortex (2001) ::: sci-fi ::: The crime rate is always high in the near future. The government is contrary to the new prison, that is, the whirlpool. After he killed a man trying to rob him with self -defense, a innocent citizen Vincent was sent there. In the whirlpool, everyone must commit a crime over and over again. Vincent's first victim is his neighbor curl.
66 ::: Terminator Genisys: Revolution (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: The year is 2028 and humanity is on the verge of extinction. Help John Connor in war to save humanity in the official game of the new film terminator Genisys. Escape from the SkyNet prisoner camp and fight the machines in this action-packed science fiction shooter.
67 ::: Dark Side of Heaven (2008) ::: sci-fi ::: One four-ship worker, send a ship on the back of the ploto, found each other in the universe. The SCeptra of the Sceptra, the girls who are in common, hopelessly, in Enat Narcistic, the biismillah's employer find themselves ten times. They can't turn the boat, they resign their life in the shipwreck before the 3 billion years requires the end of the unable. Sooner, they see themselves with each other in sports often in the game has never been expanded.
68 ::: Femalien II (1998) ::: sci-fi ::: Two aliens come to Earth in search of their missing Comrade, Kara, and find that they have taken intense interest in human sexual behavior. As they walk on her path, a Nerdish UFO type and its fiancée track them, while a mysterious "man in black" tracks them.
69 ::: The Forgotten Ones (2006) ::: sci-fi ::: All teachers are dead. 80 high school students have been trapped for months at Cornerbrook High after the world has invaded alien insects whose spacecraft have erased the sun. The fractions were formed inside the school, and the supply of food becomes low. A group of Driga students are trying to find weakness in the insects that eat a person before the situation "The Lord of the Flies" inside explodes. This way they can simply save the world.
70 ::: Solis (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: When Troy Halvo wakes up to trap himself as shot in a escape pod, he quickly realizes his real horror. With the rapid decrease in oxygen and 90 minutes burns, Roberts's commander guides a rescue party to rescue Hallowe before the time is over. Hallowe, who recently lost his son and now has his immediate end, is less eager to survive. But Roberts, who only talks to him through the transmission of poor radio, is determined to save his life, and both will soon learn that their lives both affect each other in unexpected ways.
71 ::: Emerald Dream (????) ::: sci-fi ::: It is Los Angeles, 2057. Gary Jibbons, an agent who buys the dreams that falls in love with Valerie, the most valuable dreamer of his company. It was then that he must risk everything to discover the dark side of this business to save the love of his life.
72 ::: "Invasión" (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: It has been a year since the invasion that the earth has suffered. When it seems that tranquility has returned to the world, a strange meteor falls and on the same day, a murder occurs - just at that time, Jesus receives a call to go to the moon, what kind of relationship will all this have?
73 ::: Ananda: Rise of Notra (????) ::: sci-fi ::: According to the time and circumstances, countries have chosen small new kinds of their comfort and live separately. However, everyone's mutual goal is to re -mix all kinds of people who are separated due to unfortunate circumstances. The key to the reunification of all humanity is to explore the new world that works the same for the previous world.
74 ::: Star Control (1990) ::: sci-fi ::: Star control, one of the most widely evaluated and respected video games at the time, determines the future story under the threat of alien's racial Urkan. This game sets the standard of interactive science fiction games at the time and becomes one of the largest cult classic people in that genre.
75 ::: Gremlins: Unleashed! (2001) ::: sci-fi ::: In this game, the hero of the film, Gizmo, tries to find the Gremlins and capture them all. Meanwhile, the sinister line and its army of 30 different gremlins decide to invade the city of Kingston Falls and try to transform Gizmo into a Gremlin. The game can be played like any character. Gremlins: Unleashed! It has 10 levels based on places presented in the film, including Billy's House, the school laboratory, department stores and cinema.
76 ::: Biosphere (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Three young scientists received a government and spent most of their lives in the middle of the Arizona desert. However, they all doubt that they could not remember anything about their childhood. In their work, finding the most geese in their work, they begin to suspect that their leaders have another reason for all research. As they approach the goal of destruction, they know that everything they say is lie. They are not who they think they are, and they are not where they are. All three of them are determined to find the truth, but they are more scary and scary than anything they think.
77 ::: Intragalactica: Tenteii Winkim - Damarian Dust Epic I (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Earth Year 2199: People who face disappearance from an unexpected "virus" that affects people to become so -called "extermination" by killing humanity. A signal from the outer space that activates these "extermination" is confirmed to kill people. A land command fleet has been sent to turn off the outer space signal. Captain Nate Raven commanding the mother, then faces the first meeting with strangers - or is it the first? Is there any way for humanity safe ... again.
78 ::: Event 16 (2006) ::: sci-fi ::: Matt, a young inventor at the height of a breakthrough creation in his garage workshop, is about to lose his girlfriend due to his obsession when a cat from 1893 was strolling through a wall that created its invention. Soon on the police, the hidden agents and murderers everyone hunt in a race, but also during the time for Matt and his girlfriend. An independent digital feature from another handful of super talented kiwis.
79 ::: The Time Travelers (1964) ::: sci-fi ::: In 1964, a team of scientists was trying to develop a future view screen. Of course they get the portal and they will soon find themselves on the other side, when the portal collapses in 2071 is 107 years old. The future land is barren and they will soon be attacked by transformative humans, but a team of scientists building a spaceship to take them to the new planet. They realize that most of the earth has been destroyed as a result of the nuclear war. When the last visit to the past is confirmed that it cannot be included in the planned sea rally, they work angrily to rebuild the portal and return to their own time before the departure. Meanwhile, in the threat of attacking people, friendships can occur and in the future they will learn about life, including the use of robots for menial tasks.
80 ::: The Magnetic Monster (1953) ::: sci-fi ::: O.S.I. While working for, the office of scientific investigation, a man agent Jeffrey Stewart and his partner Dan Forbes are sent to a local hardware store, where they find out a strong magnetic field, which every metal item in the store to the store Magnets. While further investigating, they eventually detect the source of magnetism for an air flight carrying scientist Howard Denkar, who are now dying of radiation poisoning, who boarded a new radioactive element board with them, Bombing with alpha particles for 200 hours. The element, the 'cererenium' dubbed element increases geometrically by making substances out of the energy, which it absorbs from the metal objects around it. Stewart calculates that if the substance is not destroyed soon, it would have become enough to either throw the earth out of its orbit within 24 hours. With the discovery of nuclear power, the government has established a special group, scientific investigation or office of OSI to see strange incidents. Those who work there are known as A-Men (AS Atom) and are called when the owner of a local tool store finds out that all their products have become highly magnetated. Scientists are surprised, but their investigation leads him to a scientist who has invented a new element of tremendous power. Until they can find a way to prevent its growth, it will destroy the earth.
81 ::: Spark (????/III) ::: sci-fi ::: A stranger comes to earth in the form of a man to prove the way of human life. By breaking the rules of interacting and exposing himself, he falls in love with a man, someone he should never have met. As a result, he has been removed from his men to give him worse for the punishments for the breakdown of the peace they have held for so much EON.
82 ::: Atom Man vs. Superman (1950) ::: sci-fi ::: The 43rd serial of Columbia found Lex Luther secretly nuclear man, who is blackmailing the city of Metropolis, threatening to destroy the entire community. Perry White, editor of "The Daily Planet", assigned Lois Lane, Jimmy Olson and Clarke Kent/Superman to cover the story. Luther inventions several deadly equipment to plague the city, including a disintegrated machine that can reduce people their original atoms and re -collect them to another place. But Superman manages to fail each plan. Since Cryptonite can rob the superman of its powers, Luther decides to create a synthetic cryptonite and puts the necessary materials about obtaining the necessary materials: plutonium, radium and undefined 'etc. Luther placed a cryptonite on the launch of a ship, with the presence of Superman. He is in contact with cryptonite and exits. Superman is taken to an ambulance run by Luther's henchmen, and is now under Luther's control. Superman is placed in a device, a lever is drawn, and the man of steel disappears in "The empty doom". With the remaining eight chapters, the obstacles are high. She will return. Most of the chapter 7 is a repetition of the original story from chapter 1 of the first "Superman" serial of Colombia, and this serial is a 1936 "Avenging Waters," Minus Ol "Kane and a working in stock footage from their hoses There is also a way. Tarzan.
83 ::: Probe (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The story of a young man who has a probe inserted in his brain by an alien explorer. The intention of the foreigner, to learn about the earth through the eyes of one of its inhabitants, but the ravages created by the intrusion of the probe has frightful consequences for the young man, his friends and family.
84 ::: Recon 2022: The Mezzo Incident (2007) ::: sci-fi ::: After completion of the event in Cagrini, a sharp and strong one, witty stimulates the happiness in the hot sky continues to move on the hot sky . What they will meet with their thoughts as they eat a large snowman, smelling down the earth, and in the end, he was in the end.
85 ::: Downtime (1995) ::: sci-fi ::: Journalist of the United Nations and a long-term traveler of the United Nations, Dr. Brigader Alistair Lustraitt, as well as the most difficult battle of his military career, formerly a doctor's companion, which is the wicked-evil, who leads the earth to himself. False robots can be handled by Arti Cohorts. Can the bridge overcome this dangerous place without the help of a dangerous doctor?
86 ::: "Wonder" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: No one will show Lucy Project Phaeton's goal - she is an internship, even if he is the only person to keep the most destroyed laboratory of Greyhaven Industries. But when a visitor arrives with a death sentence for the experiment, Lucy's disappointments clash with those of her discovery boss in a poorly advised test and. . . Let's just say the Phaeton project really wins that ominous name. An impossible team decides to find out how far Grayhaven will go to advance - and the only one who really knows the answer can be Janet, the enigmatic host. Canchi Lucy's chance to save the day, but when it's time to choose how, the line between the hero and the Zuzar may be thinner than she thought.
87 ::: Forbidden Moon (1956) ::: sci-fi ::: Rocky Jones will be dispatched to investigate the SOS received from the Space Station. He plans to discover that the station is filled with the fatal radiation brought by a evil ruler with immunity in radiation and use it to take over the universe.
88 ::: Earth II (1971) ::: sci-fi ::: In the near future, a space station called Earth II has been constructed for the purpose of scientific research and world peace. However, when a Chinese sends a nuclear bomb that is only a few miles away from the station, the peace is crushed. Can the crew can untrad the bomb before the bomb explodes, not only destroys the station, but also starts World War II?
89 ::: "Ultraman Cosmos" (2001) ::: sci-fi ::: One day, a sudden attack of a virus made from particles known as 'Caus Header' attacks Earth, which demands demons to manipulate them to destroy the earth. Mushishi Haruno, a member of the Team Eyes, once again confronted Vishal, Ultraman Cosmos, who reunite the demons and humans with a strong will to see live in harmony. Cosmos gives Mushi a special strength that will allow him to fix corrupt demons, unknown to the rest of the team in Cosmos with Mushishi's change.
90 ::: Criteria One (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: From the award -winning director, Simon Di comes twenty stories of alien kidnapping, mind control, salvation and madness. When the Pope team takes their ex -girlfriend Chardie on a camping journey, he is not expected to get out in a terrible game, by an ancient ancient visitor - "collector" - chase, hungry and catalog. This strange creature has increased more than the millennium to the divided figures of male and female, both sides fight for control - he has no idea to stop, he just wants to go home. As the sof is taken, a control game begins - Can Chardie work with part of this to save your love? Using a distinctive palette from photography and sound, this challenging and beautiful film shows a unique view. The criteria for emotions are often the conflict that connects us to our loved ones. The emotions that may or may be far beyond the planet of our home are beyond the stars. From the award -winning director, Simon Di comes twenty stories of alien kidnapping, mind control, salvation and madness. When the Pope team takes their ex -girlfriend Chardie on a camping journey, he is not expected to get out in a terrible game, by an ancient ancient visitor - "collector" - chase, hungry and catalog. This strange creature has increased more than the millennium to the divided figures of male and female, both sides fight for control - he has no idea to stop, he just wants to go home. As the sof is taken, a control game begins - Can Chardie work with part of this to save your love? Using a distinctive palette from photography and sound, this challenging and beautiful film shows a unique view. The criteria for emotions are often the conflict that connects us to our loved ones. The emotions that may or may be far beyond the planet of our home are beyond the stars.
91 ::: Luna (1965) ::: sci-fi ::: The brief origin of planets with two major competing hypotheses at that time for the formation of lunar craters and the composition of the soil were represented by scientists in the context of the challenges of the then future human space flights to the moon. It includes interviews and practical demonstrations by leading Soviet scientists in this field. American and Soviet achievements are discussed in sending probes to the moon and the complexity and challenges of the rocket for the future human space flight to the moon. The last part involves dramatization of science fiction by participants in future moons, a surface study followed by colonization of the moon with the establishment of habitable bases and transport networks around the moon.
92 ::: Still Life with Oranges (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: In the world, everything decides to help change the artist in the world who wears invisible chains. However, the company of all strong high-level companies learns here and allows them to dissolve their efforts.
93 ::: InvaXon - Alieni in Liguria (2004) ::: sci-fi ::: In the last decades, Nord Italy had many UFO places and kidnapping, and a chronic prediction only knows the Vatican high prelet talk about some "survival" that should come. In "31 April 2004" some spacecrafts come to Genoa, their pilots are part of a millions of years old human species that leave the Earth first. After a brief period of friendship and cultural exchange -Alien takes control of the city during a big football match ...
94 ::: I diafanoidi vengono da Marte (1966) ::: sci-fi ::: In the 21st century, aliens (exotic, green lights, which sometimes represent themselves as large clouds of smoke) attack the solar system. They use Mars as their base, stealing all the space stations of the earth and then washing or wash the crew. Next Stop: Earth, unless Tony Russell and his crew can stop them.
95 ::: Canary (2009) ::: sci-fi ::: The Kend Industries Specialize the "Organization" or leasing organs. The cache is that these bodies who accept these bodies should sign and inferred the "andfedse use" contract to allow the ASGIS's Roppos.
96 ::: "Starhunter Transformation" (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: Starhunter transformation, continues the adventures of Dante and Percy Montana, interplanetary rewards hunters (Starhunters) in a politically complex and diverse environment of established worlds and a lot of empty and dangerous space. They do their work from a relic of a unique luxury lining (Trans-Utopian modernization, affectionately "La Tulipán") (Cheap) for the rewards hunting work. This is the third season of the Starhunter series and takes place 13 years after the end of the second season (Starhunter 2300), this time, however, that restless alien genes of alien genes within all of us, ("Divinity Cluster" ) begins to act and execute havoc on civilization.
97 ::: Most Dangerous Man Alive (1961) ::: sci-fi ::: Ron Candles, the thugs, has been arranged by his infrastructure - mostly Andy Damon - and is sentenced to murder. He escapes but finds himself in a nuclear test area. He survives the explosion, but his body begins to change the cell surface and turns him into a steel man. He returned to the city after seeking revenge on those who testified against him, including his ex -girlfriend Linda Marlo, returning to the city and seeking revenge on those who testified. However, he continues to jump, he becomes more dangerous. Stoping him, however, is easier to say.
98 ::: The Bamboo Saucer (1968) ::: sci-fi ::: A flying saucer hidden in a red peasant village is sought by teams from the United States and the United States.
99 ::: Journey to the Center of Time (1967) ::: sci-fi ::: Mortgage, severe unnecessary new Bass Stann takes a scientine research company to death. Scientists handling, goord and white, that is more closely as follows in the course of traveling, said by Steinton that they should be consequented in 24 hours or through funding. Their equipment stressed from their equipment saved from their equipment to travel to a remote attendant and with stemonn while allowing sudden.
100 ::: "PScience" (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: The Psieense is a mystery / science fiction web series which follows five first year wizards (which are called the Psientists) while they live their daily life in the magic community known as the cooperative. Inside this residential enclave that Psientists can never leave, new students learn to make magic by moving by telekinetically mills; Treat with hallucinogenic diseases such as Quixote syndrome; And attend the real dangers of the Psian.
101 ::: Mariposa china (1995) ::: sci-fi ::: It is forbidden to dream but "Oniroscopes" indicates that it is a dream executive. The monk realizes that it is its own dream. He may not be able to avoid destroying the night's watcher.
102 ::: Tykho Moon (1996) ::: sci-fi ::: The McBi family has built the government on the future 'colony', which is divided into sectors by the run-down Paris Berlin wall. Male family members suffer from a mysterious disease and need an emergency of organ transplant. The perfect donor, Taikho Moon was probably killed in fire, but according to rumors he was still alive. Although the murderers beat family members, McBis start hunting for Taikho. Alex, who is trying to escape the drawnet, meets Killer Leena, who is acting as a prostitute, a prostitute.
103 ::: Alite (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: Alite is a fan port of the classic elite from the 80s. In particular, Alite focuses on the Amiga version. Order your Cobra world space ship in a fantastic journey of discoveries, adventures and trade, a top test of your skills in combat, navigation and entrepreneurial skills. The trade between countless planets and uses the proceeds to equip your ship with heat -searching rockets, jet lasers and other weapons - corporate states can be tackled with little risk, but unruly anarchies may rave about space pirates. There is a lot of bounty for the daring pilot. Do you have it in you? Find out how to fly your Cobra in a number of personal lessons from the renowned commander Quelo and benefit from his great experience. Remember: trading in black market can be lucrative, but can lead to battles with local police and a price on your head! However you earn your money, with fairer funds or fouls you have to look through space, the pirate ships and enemy extraterrestrials, while trying to earn your reputation as an elite!
104 ::: The Second Best Science Fiction Movie Ever Made (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: Many years ago, eight astronauts were stolen and brought to another planet. They liked it! Now they came home ... for two hours. They seem to have a point in which they settle with each other. Objective: Live within two hours and then return to utop. Obstacles: each other. And the suburbs can be a very dangerous place!
105 ::: Defcon 5 (1995) ::: sci-fi ::: 2205 Anno Domini. You are a single cyberneer and the last remaining hope for the human race. The sudden and mysterious death of your friend and colleague has thrown you into a network of corporates and fraud. The survival Thello lies in the depths of a remote station of the deep MRP6F mines, which after 200 years is suddenly threatened by a foreign attack.
106 ::: "The Timeline Shifter: Temporal Outlaws" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: He is the god of three centuries. The travel schedule is considered a traveling time - and the results of the immediate result. So the United States created new government agencies: The Federal Bureau of the threat of temporary threat. A hundred years later, a rogue f.B.i. The representative is running at all times. It sounds f.B.o.t. To touch it - or bad? Youths developed4u, "shifter" gives you higher than the future, while different journeys to work. Rifric and smiles, mysteries and mysteries from ten and ten
107 ::: S.O.L.I.I.D (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: Hong Kong, year 2035 h has just arrived in Hong Kong for business. His life suddenly takes a dark turn when a stranger furtively slides a mysterious object in his pocket and dies in his arms. The businessman will later learn from Ylvie - a young woman as sexy as she is dangerous - as the mysterious object called "S.O.L.I.D" is a remedy for a terrible threat to humanity. H and Ylvie must find a way to activate the S.O.L.I.D. God made the world in 7 days; They have 7 hours to save him!
108 ::: Iron Invader (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: The Jake and Ethan brothers are witnessing something that crashes on earth and find it a satellite. When they break, they collect it and sell it to the local scrap trader, Earl. Meanwhile, Earl has built 18 feet "Golem" of iron to be used in the local city parade. The satellite is infected with some kind of cosmic bacteria that feed on metal and also causes the mentioned metal to come to life. The result is that the big man becomes infected, comes to life and begins to kill people, sucking metals from his body only by touching. Jake has to find a way to beat Big and save the city.
109 ::: Alien Escape (1997) ::: sci-fi ::: An alien container crashes on Earth and is discovered by Cindy, Shauna and Becky, three friends who start what they think are an informal vacation in the mountains. Alien creatures, who escape a death sentence in their own world, are motivated only by death, destruction and taste for blood. Ultimately, nothing gets in the path of his horrible butcher shop, except Cindy, helped by Matt, another visitor from beyond the stars, sent to recover the ship and take them before justice. Together, they set out to destroy the ship, although its destruction could place Matt on Earth forever.
110 ::: Enjoy Your Trip to Hell (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: Not long ago the people of a public country were involved in a civil war. After the ceasefire, both parties noted hundreds of bodies that were not justified. Looking through their country, a place was discovered where men would disappear from sight. Those who returned spoke about a zone that was controlled by cruel logic. This place, called the output, was closed and a guard was placed at the entry. The curious have found their way to his limits that believe that it has healing properties and that it can reunite the living and the dead.
111 ::: Star Trek: Starfleet Command: Orion Pirates (2001) ::: sci-fi ::: Orion Pirates is a strategy game that involves thinking and tactical maneuvers. Assume the command of one of the eight stars empires of the original game that you can choose between fighting against Orion pirates or joining forces with them to conquer the universe. During the game, the players will control several ships and all their systems while leading it to the fight against enemy ships.
112 ::: Flashout (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: Flamelat (90 minutes) synopsis: In the opening space, three girls playing the day of the flashhor of flashhor. Without their expectations to see each other in the world looking for the game player of their games. They encounter a smile, a rider, exploiting an Espert worker, the television person cannot. All of the actions of good activities for his employee's job is to capture the opening between different things before this criteria is modified.
113 ::: Dystopia: 2013 (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: A movie about the mythical and mysterious cataclysm that confronted humanity on December 21, 2012 and what happens after that. Centered about 4 characters, each with a back history of what their life was like, first of all, to collapse, the movie portrays the life of these characters as they struggle for survival and seek to find the cause of the end of civilization as We know it right now.
114 ::: CDF Ghostship (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: Gostatics is based on the CDF global city. The power of colonial defense is a futuristic military signature of people. Was created to support peace and protect the colonial territories. CDF should be protected against foreign risks, riots and general excitement of land and its colonies. Founded in 2189, CDF saw almost 200 years of rule and domination. We studied most of the famous galaxies and faced foreign life forms that threatened human life. Galaxy is a big place, we studied 8% of our galaxies. At the end of the XXI century, after the resource wars on earth, people do not have other choices to study and use resources outside their home plan. 200 years later, people were created with many solar systems and many colonies. People financed by Magons have spread slowly from galaxy and found in deep space and uncertainty. Many types of many world lives were found in many worlds, and two smartwood competitions were found. Antariais helped us to reach new technologies and helped to achieve new technologies, and we met with hostile competitions. People were dominated after 60 years of war and domination. The first and only galactic war strengthened and strengthened them and strengthened them and prepared them for new darkness, he prepared for a new darkness. CDF currently serves as a basic defense and security for the rifle and its colonies, as well as in the ranking of rebellious colonies. Space is one of the most important environments known to mankind, but to live and evolve, we can study and find people around the new world to live and evolve. With CDF ghost you play 3 different characters, a pilot, engineer and seaport. You know what is happening on board the plot line and what is happening on board. You start at the end of the Goliat time, because you know what happened and is working. You open the magazines and get acquainted with the survivors, open what happened, and you will build your storyline from the actions you made in each game.
115 ::: Alien Nation: Body and Soul (1995) ::: sci-fi ::: When a mysterious young girl, a part newcomer looks, she appears to be a mysterious young girl called Psyche and Francisco in a case. Her huge, ruthless equivalent tries to release her closely, and her strange relationship is the result of a medical experiment of slave. Meanwhile, in preparation for Kathy and Matt Ga to become Timate, sex is going to school, while Buck disting to his parents with his anti -human opinions.
116 ::: "Altered Carbon" (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: Changed carbon is established in the future where the senses are digitized and stored in cortical piles implanted in the spine, allowing humans to survive physical death by having their memories and senses "again again "in a new body. The story follows a specially trained Takeshi Kovacs soldier, which is downloaded from an outside world and in the body of a disadvanted couple on the order of Laurens Bancroft, a very influential aristocratic. Bancroft was killed, and the last automatic backup of his stack was done hours before his death, leaving him without a memory of the killer and why. While police have ruled suicide, Bancroft is convinced that he has been killed and wants Kovacs to find out the truth.
117 ::: "Temponaut" (????) ::: sci-fi ::: 50 years in the future, time trips are invented. An expensive and government -controlled technology. Toxic air pollution forces the human population to live underwater. The early girls are sent back on time to guarantee the continuity of our last refuge.
118 ::: A.D.A.M: The Beginning (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: A.D.A.M. is a scientific fiction story based on the discovery of NASA about a new form of life that thrives from arsenic instead of phosphorus. At its core A.D.A.M. It reflects the contemporary scientific contradictions, the uncertainty of our national defense system regarding the perceived national threats and explores the stages and emotions of straightening death. The film causes the audience to think about its own internal basic beliefs about the existence of higher power and eternal life.
119 ::: "Tailed" (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: A future science fiction adventure as a foreign race of the Earth's reptiles has invaded. Follow Martin and Corey, where they find despair there through deception and illusion to find their child, who was kidnapped by an evil foreign tyrant.
120 ::: Norman (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: One time passenger and his A.I. partner. Norman gets stuck and isolated in the past, putting life in danger in both past and future. Before the world collapsed, he needs a way to return to the future.
121 ::: Transhuman (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Transhuman is a convincing, original dramatic science fiction television series, which can not only be fantastic futuristic, but also refreshingly added to current events. It takes place in a world in which we have made considerable progress in science and technology and together as a way that actually work to achieve world peace. In this progress, however, we forgot that acceptance, understanding and peace themselves cannot be scientifically constructed, but have to come organically from the inside. We have to be the change that we want to see in the world - or the story will surely repeat itself, even more devastating than before.
122 ::: The Quickening (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In the world in the death, playing in the world, awaken, a young scientist that only looks at the stars just against being unemployed. As he sees the next social elite plan to see the future, he should choose to go to the stars or save the future of human race.
123 ::: Interface (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: Everything was just great, he had money, a recognition and a rich father. What he did not have was the ability to manage his emotions when he approached a loss. The result? Jason Smith came across a virtual reality game that is directly dependent on his emotions. Will he be able to accept the loss or let his anger lead to a non-virtual mass murder?
124 ::: Star Trek Equinox: The Night of Time (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Fifteen years after the destruction of USS Equinox (the approximate date of the star 2393) Captain Rudy Ransom, who was overthrown by his ship convicted by Krotownans, is held in prison in the Delta Crimes against the race, including the violation in the Krowtownan space and the deaths of Krowtown crew members. Captain Ransom has very few choices but a chance to return to the alpha quadrant about 30,000 light years away.
125 ::: Star Trek: The Next Generation - Future's Past (1994) ::: sci-fi ::: You are leading Enterprise-D. You are participating in the mission in the Romulan neutral zone. There are two major enemies, Romulan and Chodak in the game. Your mission is to find some time devices. But you are in charge, so you can choose whether to follow the order or find a Romulan and Chodak ship to fight.
126 ::: "Tattooed Teenage Alien Fighters from Beverly Hills" (1994) ::: sci-fi ::: Low -budget children show with four foreign fighters recruited by Nimbar. All four are Gordon, Laurie, Drew and Swinton fighting to save the universe from the bad Emperor Gorganus.
127 ::: Plughead Rewired: Circuitry Man II (1994) ::: sci-fi ::: Against the backdrop of the polluted soil the polluted future a female FBI agent removes Danner, a android pleasure from an asylum in order to force him to help him shoot criminal Plughead psychopaths. But Plughead, which has been intertwined with Danner earlier, has its own plans while forcing a female scientist to help him produce life that extends the life of longevity, which he intends to sell to rich and powerful customers.
128 ::: The Parchene Conspiracy (2009) ::: sci-fi ::: Foreigners known as Parchene, initially birds that became intelligent but were expelled from the ground millions of years ago, want to regain control for their breeding male known as fertile. This action brings another species in conflict with Krellus (a water species) to whom the essential ownership card for the planet has been given. Krellus are secret and benevolent, the perfect guides to bring the land to the galactic community. A news reporter has been drawn to this foreign conflict by someone she calls "insider secre" who issues data on the strange events surrounding strangers. After the killing of 11 human negotiators, she (the reporter) with further internal information encourages a legal judgment to derive the truth. The truth, however, is well hidden in a plot that aims to win the land ownership card. It turns out that fertility is not the powerless manufacturer most women of Parchene are led to believe. Although ownership of the planet is far from the safe, fertility eliminates its most dangerous opponent and brings Krllus one step closer to exiting the planet.
129 ::: Descent 2 (1996) ::: sci-fi ::: Mainly the plot of where the descent had gone. After blowing up a crater that has violated the size of North America in Charon, Vertigo 1 must be on its way to single deep space lines, which contain deadly enemies, new weapon prototypes and even an alien motherhood!
130 ::: "Chronos" (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: Chronos is a selection chain, where each episode takes a different personal point of view. This series has been set in a world where time travels in the form of natural disasters called "temporal storms". These storms are completely random and cannot be prevented or controlled. People in this world are forced to deal with the chaos that followed because they flow back and forth over time. Government agencies are trying to maintain order and prevent the spread of alternative timelines, while others seek to manipulate history for their malicious purposes.
131 ::: Fratello dello spazio (1988) ::: sci-fi ::: A huge spaceship enters our world and sends a small ship with three aliens to take a look around. Something goes wrong and three researchers exit on earth in small pods as their ship exploded. Only one seems to exist and, as generally, local officials just want to shoot on it and call the army. The blind music teacher with mental powers and the sympathy with good intentions are hidden alien to the priest's help. It turns out that the visitor just wants to make nice, friendship with everyone, and likes to go home instead of harming anyone. Her friends are looking for it, but time is running out!
132 ::: The Great Ruins of Truth: A Dark End Approaches (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: Nexus zone that is on flat ground ends in the superficial universe. This ancient island of prison is known as a lemon-known Jack Erision and the most dangerous killer in creative. The link to the Sarcapis Universe opens in the Nexus zone and Gates in Dr. Gates and Gates thank you for the division and net. SARCE CHECEON has earned many challenges in his life. Be aware of knowledge of events and the creation proof. Also try to pull the control of the real-controlled leaders and their counterparts. Trying to protect your son by your son, from darkness from darkness. Sacrifice his son to the machine on the machine of prison, then try to keep your other son michel safe from security. But now it's the biggest challenge of his biggest challenge as it is this is the whole of the creation of in their doctors that is in danger. Jack was released from a machine he was beaten for a long time, a machine who had been built in prison isolated in prison. A machine that has been able to eliminate the creation and then rebuild it, all the current lives. Cyrus should not only be fighting that son michelle back, to save him from his destruction but now must take care of him but there are two people in him. Unemployed and his other son Renion.
133 ::: Fallen Angels (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: The world conspiracy is underway through the new world order. They have been strategically kept worldwide and aim to undermine the global economy. Time to speak in prophecies called The End of Days quickly reaches. Alpha and Omega were sent back to the time to modify the world ritual and prevent this tragedy. But this prophecy speaks of a protector and a fallen angel. The Savior grows from death to redeem us, and the fallen angel is a beast that brings rapture and apocalypse. So the question remains, they stand on any side of the prophecy.
134 ::: Cosmos (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: When an amateur astronomer group accidentally intercepts a faint signal from space, they suspect their genuineness and lightly send the reaction. But when they receive a reply a few hours later, they do not believe they had the biggest discovery in the history of mankind. However, I discovered that evidence of life is much closer to the earth.
135 ::: Red Faction: Origins (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: In a Mars neighbor his brother . After 200 years of tyranny on Mars, the EDF (Earth Defense Force) is defeated by the red faction of the alliance formed by the colonies with the deer led by Alec Mason. However, the alliance is broken when Alec's wife, Sam and his daughter, Lyra, are killed by the Meroders. However, his ten -year -old son Jake states that white soldiers have killed his mother. In the present days, Jake Mason is a soldier of the red faction and Alec is a drunk fuss. Jake is assigned to recover Battleshipra Hydra technology from EDF will crash into a neutral area with Tess. However, he finds that white soldiers have arrived first and get the Hydra. Jake attacks one of the soldiers and discovers that she is her sister Lyra. When he returns to the colony, nobody believes in his words.
136 ::: Femalien II (1998) ::: sci-fi ::: Two aliens come to the earth in search of their missing comrade, Kara, and discover that she has shown an intense interest in human sexual behavior. As they follow her path, a Nerdish UFO type and his fiancé follow them, while a mysterious "man in black" follows them.
137 ::: "Altered Carbon" (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: Changed carbon is set in the future where consciousness is digitized and stored in a cortical stack embedded in the spine, and humans survive physical death by "rewinding" memory and consciousness to a new body. The story is a specially trained "Emboy" soldier, Takabakus, has been downloaded to the embarrassing police officer at the request of Lolens Ban Croft, a very influential aristocracy. Bankloft was killed, the last automatic backup of his stack was performed a few hours before his death, and did not remember who killed him and why. The police have decided to commit suicide, but Bankloft is convinced that he was killed and wants Kobak to find the truth.
138 ::: The Sticky Fingers of Time (1997) ::: sci-fi ::: A writer, Tucker Harding, is set to treat an article about the hydrogen bomb test in Nevada in 1952. While the radiation mutates her code/soul there and in it the ability to travel through time with willpower to travel through time. Shortly after she was murdered by a woman from the future by Elia to secure her own ability to travel time. Before her death, however, Tucker travels to 1997, in which she meets Drew, a failed writer who has been infected with Tucker's original mutation since birth.
139 ::: Samara (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Samara suddenly wakes up warning of sounds in a structure she does not know only to realize that she has only a few minutes to save herself and everyone else leaving everyone with her only choice to look for shelter in one place that we all used to call home.
140 ::: Doorways (1993) ::: sci-fi ::: Cat, a fugitive from a parallel earth ruled by aliens, causes a land on the earth in the middle of a freeway, a land on the earth. She is a little injured, and wakes up in the emergency room of a hospital, where Thomas, a doctor, takes care of her. The next day, Thomas went back to the hospital and finds the Kat's room empty and all the records disappeared. They find out that the FBI is investigating the origin of the cat, as he has brought some strange artifacts. Thomas is trying to talk to her when she decides to escape. Thomas is forced to follow the events and help him, while all try to understand his objectives. It turns out that the cat is running away from a group of dark Lord's servants. They obstruct the nearest door to another parallel world, but when they are waiting for the door to open, they are gradually caught by FBI agents and dark Lord goons. They barely run away from the door of an earth where petrol has disappeared. Their thrill continues as they are still followed by the villain. Finally, they stumble through another door and land above Mount Rushmore. But the four faces that are fabricated over it suggests that Thomas is not clearly back home.
141 ::: The Glasses 2 (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: Glasses 2 is a sequel to the underground independent classic film The Glass. Many stories in the sequel have an ED in one film, the main protagonist is a pair of designer sunglasses. This fashionable sunglasses have the ability to enable those who wear them for the near future visions and many people in the film; The future is not so bright.
142 ::: "Aavishkaar: Ek Rakshak" (2004) ::: sci-fi ::: Avishkaar - A protector was a Hindi science fiction television series. The show was very popular for Indian children. Avishkaar - Ek Rakshak was the story of a person who knows no fear, a man who has already died, and a man who has lost all his things. But, after his death, he wanted to fulfill his desires to protect innocent people at any cost and to wipe out crime from the earth.
143 ::: Doorways (1993) ::: sci-fi ::: A cat, escaped from parallel land conquered by aliens, lands on the "Our" floor in the middle of a highway, causing an accident. She is slightly injured, and wakes up in the hospital's emergency room, where Thomas, a doctor, cares for her. The next day, Thomas returns to the hospital and finds the vacant cat room and all records removed. He discovers that the FBI is investigating the origin of cats, as it has brought a couple of strange artifacts. Thomas is trying to talk to her when she decides to escape. Thomas is forced by events to follow and help, while trying to understand her motivations. It turns out that the cat is escaping from a group of Lord Dark servants. They are hitch-hitch for the nearest door to another parallel world, but while waiting for the door to open, they are being captured successively by FBI agents and Dark Lord Goons. They barely flee the door to a floor where petrol disappeared. Their adventures continue as they are still chased by the villains. In the end, they come out of another door and floor on the part of Mt Rushmore. But the four crops that are carved on show that Thomas is clearly not back home.
144 ::: "Sons of the Universe" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: When the two world collision, three nubber slowly to bring balance to the area should be combined to save the universe. Kai, was born and developed by his single mother; And condemn to her destiny, be taken between this world where he learns his new finding forces and his renewed brothers and his revised brothers. Now, this brothers should resolve their individual and get the fate of their individual, before the Ghark Faras Jiden reaches their home.
145 ::: Norman (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: Time traveler and his AI companion. Norman threatens the past and isolated, before and in the future. He needs to return to the future before the world starts falling.
146 ::: Battle: New York, Day 2 (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: Laura Samer's treatment for listening to sounds is shortened when New York City shakes an alien attack. Laura disappears and wakes up to a city where the population is slavery. Only those who have preserved their humanity are imbalances in brain chemistry. Laura has to fight zombies to reach the alpha, but the sounds in her head become stronger.
147 ::: Superman (1948) ::: sci-fi ::: John El ('Nelson Leigh' (Q H), the scientist Rocks Her Blocked baby is running. The boy is seen on earth by n 'Agriculture of a farmer, essky (i) (qv)) (QV)) (QV)) (QV)) (QV)) and' Kirk Alyn '(Q H)). When Clark forms, the fosted father asks him to use the frightening power. Mild-working people working on planets every day as a journalist, and the wrong time, and changes to the spidered spider ('Coul Forma (i), who thinks himself the queen of the best. Meanwhile, pieces from the bottom of Krypton arrive in the world and falls in acquire it. It's just something that can give a unable to person.
148 ::: Spires of Aurora (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Welcome to Aurora. Medieval world affected by lightning everlasting lightning. Cities and roads peeled with lightning spiers as a protection from charged heavens. In thunderous battles, metal leads are trapped on enemy armies, calling lightning from the clouds. Humanoid oxidian strain, the Inazuma, feeds lightning. And yet an order of human warriors, masters of electric and physical weapons, use it to fight and heal. Shotoku is a naive warrior in this world and after killing his own brother, Shotoku votes to never use his tremendous electromagnetic powers again. But on the eve of the invasion, as the allies turn a traitor and the danger goes down on all sides, can he keep his oath? An enemy warrior princess, Makiko, can help him find balance and, when his principles fail, his dishonest friend, Jirai, will give salvation. But only Shotoku can decide. Will he break his promise, emerge his chaotic power, and face invaders on their own? Or honor his oath and get the new allies who can save his world?
149 ::: "Denji sentai Megarenjâ" (1997) ::: sci-fi ::: A government agency called Inet created a video game to select five people with a higher score that will stop an evil force known as Nejirejia. One of the people with the most score was the teenager Kenta. Unfortunately, INET was forced to give the digitizers to Kenta and four of his friends after a Nejirejia attack in one of the offices.
150 ::: "Continuum" (2012/II) ::: sci-fi ::: This digital sci-fi series originally premiered online and now all nine season 1 web supplies are woven together to continuously play as one "TV episode of 40+ minutes". A young space traveler awakens on board a drardy spaceship without reminder of who she is or how she got there and handed over to the mysterious computer of the ship.
151 ::: "Aavishkaar: Ek Rakshak" (2004) ::: sci-fi ::: Avishkaar - Ek Rakshak was a Hindi Science Fiction television series. This show was very popular for the Indian children. Avishkaar - Ek Rakshak was a story about a man who knows no fear, a man who is already dead and a man who has lost all things. But after his death he wanted to fulfill his desires to protect the innocent against all costs and wipe crime off the earth.
152 ::: Monongahela (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Kate Walsh is a fighting reporter in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The last day of her career is on the first day of a life -changing adventure, where she meets two researchers from the airport bar who have just arrived in Pittsburgh to examine the sightings of a mysterious creature in the Monongahela flow.
153 ::: Monongahela (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Kate Walsh is a struggling reporter in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The last day of her career becomes the first day of a life -changing adventure work when she meets two researchers at the airport, who arrived in Pittsburgh to examine the philosophy of a mysterious creature in the Mongahela River.
154 ::: El hombre perseguido por un O.V.N.I. (1976) ::: sci-fi ::: Alberto Oliver, an unsuccessful novelist of the pulp, was attacked by alien mutants when he returned from a visit to his lover Carol. Soon he finds himself from a flying saucer that tries to kidnap him and take him to a distant planet to an anti-matter galaxy.
155 ::: It Came from Another World! (2007) ::: sci-fi ::: "He came from another again!" These activities continues to continue continuing 'A-Rockin' Science ', Professor Jackson. The first arrangement in 2006 is "the phantom (Phantom) see herself again in saving the world and some destructor Jackson's a friend's trip. The professor is sent to find it. As they look, Professor and Canoe Copman (Mike ChotTters are poured out as they can imagine . Can we introduce the secret of "rock from the mysterious space" before the Jackson wedding plan is available?
156 ::: Invaders from Space (1965) ::: sci-fi ::: A group of Salamandar men, surrounded by Kulimon planet in a pomp Galaxy plan, when removing a deadly plague on mankind. It is dependent on the Valent Superhero Starman from the Emerald planet to save mankind before it is too late.
157 ::: Beyond Lemuria (2007) ::: sci-fi ::: Beyond Lemuria is an allegory of good and bad intentions. Two groups of mystical seekers are played by the same actors. The sinister "Draconian" search for old super -scientific secrets of power in the caves under the MT. Shasta, while her counterparts, the "Lothiner", are looking for spiritual enlightenment by climbing the Holy Mountain of America. Both groups find what they are looking for and get what they deserve. The whole story actually takes place in the few minutes in which a candidate, William Morgan, stands in front of the altar in a magical temple to decide whether it will follow the light path or the path of darkness. In this case, the path of darkness is symbolized by the mighty old supericanist of the underground "Deros", the dimension of which can be achieved by a machine called "The Intragravatron". In his dark persona, Morgan is a neophyte in an evil secret society of "Draconians", which use the machine to open the "gate". In his spiritual persona, Morgan belongs to the "Lothinian" brotherhood of master Phylos (played by the same actor who takes on the role of brother Abaddon from the draconians). The Lothiners take an annual pilgrimage on the slopes of the Mt. Shasta to obtain enlightenment. In the course of the action, we cut back between the two groups and contrasted their attitudes and experiences. After the other, the draconians come for bad purposes, while the Lithonians find the treasures of the mind they are looking for. The black and white symbolism is transmitted in sets, costumes and props by the film and emphasizes the game with medieval morality.
158 ::: Norman (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: A traveler in time and his A.I. Companion. Norman becomes trapped and isolated in the past, endangering life in the past and for the future. He must invent a path to the future before the world collapses.
159 ::: The Wind Is Watching (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: Year 2037 years old. Natural disaster with global law enforcement has appeared new America. The army is now steady, the ruling authorities, valuable resources, and the common man will fight for survival. We go with Kara Gardner (Nicol Ann Hick), a family with a history of a young woman torn with this new mode. He traveled to a hard trip from the war by war, he vowed to recover from it. However, General Joseph Kellerman (Rick Montgomer cr.), Newly formed Uma (United Militude) Diabolic head, which prevents it from avoiding it. He has all the difficulties and Kara laboratories, seeking his purpose and meeting interesting characters. 22-year-old director Konrada won Konrada, love and loss, courage and energetic, inspiration and breathing.
160 ::: Stranger in the Worlde : M2M (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: An emotionally abused, teenager, foster child, Nikea, is being chased by New World Henchmen. Their ruler, Kefka, wants the data stored in Nikea. But Nikea told Nikea to pick up something from the ruler and bring it to their world, and that the survival of the entire continent depends on it. Nikea is shocked about the depth of Kefka's cruelty and corruption, and experiences it firsthand. The only thing she can think is: how do I survive? How do I unlock the data? How do I unleash its power? Why was I chosen?
161 ::: Star Worms II: Attack of the Pleasure Pods (1985) ::: sci-fi ::: Jessup, who is forced to hide his true identity, is detained on a deadly and abandoned planet, the star prison. Jessup and his men banish to make rabid rivers for the difficult to grasp fire stones, and his men have to fight against bands from dilapidated prisoners and fight against the deadly tubing teeth of the star worms, for the gentlemen of the evil empire with the sacred source of theirs to provide hedonistic hallucinogenic opiates.
162 ::: Cognition (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: Wanting to venture out of the city for the long weekend, Michelle convinces her boyfriend Kelly to join her during a campsite trip to the mountains. Everything is fine until Michelle disappears, leaving Kelly alone to manage by herself. His survival instinct when entering, Kelly prepares to get out of the mountains and call for a research party for her friend. However, something in the mountains has other ideas, and they will modify time, location and memory to ensure that Kelly stays where it is.
163 ::: F.I.S.T. (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Based on the series of best -selling novels, Starfist is a series of dark and sandy science fiction action that follows SSGT. Charlie Bass and the Marines of the Confederation face a mortal galactic rival to save the humanity from extinction. Each season, the battle is enraged in mysterious new planets as we deepen the life of the conflicting characters that sacrifice everything for honor and glory.
164 ::: The Magnetic Monster (1953) ::: sci-fi ::: Ond.ii.II., Scientific Investigation Office, DARE DARE APPLICATIONS ADCLUND ABOUT AFTER AWARDING SUBMISSION ENDING THE AIRWAHING WITH HE Bombed with alphase new element for 200 hours. The element, dubbed 'serium' grows geometrically by creating patterically by Creating Matter out of energy which absorbs from Metallic object surrounding it. Stewart calculates that if the material is destroyed soon as soon as possible as soon as possible as soon as possible within 24 hours or so that it will be grown out of your orbit. The government made a special group by detecting nuclear power, looking for an odd event to an academic investigation or OSI office. Those who work there is known as a male (as the) scientists are very sacred. Scientists are wondering but their audits lead them to scientist The great force element has invented element. Unless they stop growing it, it will destroy the earth.
165 ::: "PURE" (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In the distant future in which the genetic processing has shared society, a warrior finds an unlikely ally in the young man she finds on the way to the appendix, the impressive power of the dung escapes and learn what it means for that Future from to sacrifice your people.
166 ::: Edgar Allan Poe's Plan 13: The House of Elvis (1986) ::: sci-fi ::: President Ronald Reagan, following a new spokesman for the presidential campaign in 1988, released Regis Stanely from prison to revive Elvis Presley from the dead. With the help of Bella Logos, Stanely and the resuscitated "King Rock" N "Roll moves in a rampage and as a result a series of bats for baseball is created. Then Reagan should use their nuclear thermal device To stop.
167 ::: Hobgoblin (????) ::: sci-fi ::: A group of anti -Nazis and magicians unite and use fraud, magic and stealth to ruin Adolph Hitler and his friends. It develops during World War II, and will focus on the creative nature of ordinary people who use their ingenuity to awaken Hitler's heavily armed forces.
168 ::: Criteria One (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: From the award -winning director, Simon Di comes twenty stories of alien kidnapping, mind control, salvation and madness. When the Pope team takes their ex -girlfriend Chardie on a camping journey, he is not expected to get out in a terrible game, by an ancient ancient visitor - "collector" - chase, hungry and catalog. This strange creature has increased more than the millennium to the divided figures of male and female, both sides fight for control - he has no idea to stop, he just wants to go home. As the sof is taken, a control game begins - Can Chardie work with part of this to save your love? Using a distinctive palette from photography and sound, this challenging and beautiful film shows a unique view. The criteria for emotions are often the conflict that connects us to our loved ones. The emotions that may or may be far beyond the planet of our home are beyond the stars. From the award -winning director, Simon Di comes twenty stories of alien kidnapping, mind control, salvation and madness. When the Pope team takes their ex -girlfriend Chardie on a camping journey, he is not expected to get out in a terrible game, by an ancient ancient visitor - "collector" - chase, hungry and catalog. This strange creature has increased more than the millennium to the divided figures of male and female, both sides fight for control - he has no idea to stop, he just wants to go home. As the sof is taken, a control game begins - Can Chardie work with part of this to save your love? Using a distinctive palette from photography and sound, this challenging and beautiful film shows a unique view. The criteria for emotions are often the conflict that connects us to our loved ones. The emotions that may or may be far beyond the planet of our home are beyond the stars.
169 ::: Tricode: Let the Battle Begin (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: A hacker boy found his father's hidden technology. This will change his life forever. Some unknown objects are coming to destroy the planet. Vicial must confront a much more powerful enemy than him. Vicial will notice that all of his enemies have one common thing.
170 ::: Star Wars FanFilm the Padawan III 'Darkness of the Republic' (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: Theo Kya Jogana has survived his gel cell on the planet. His former Padavan [boy] is on his way to help him. The way he meets many different people like Judge, Cardel and Henry. The films are set between 'The Empire Strikes Back' and 'Return of the JD'
171 ::: The First Men in the Moon (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: Apollo Moon Landing is to be television internationally in 1969, but a young boy named Jim at the country of England met with 90 -year -old Julius Bedford, who tells him, in 1909, as a struggling author, he met whimsical professor Kover. Capped up by ants like Selenites, Bedford was anxious to escape, but the cover was happy to live and communicate with lunar-carryingers. Back to the Earth's Bedford wireless hearing that cover was forced to kill himself and the lunar-moon so that they prevented the earth from invading. As Jim Apollo is present with his parents, he sees a selenite, hides behind the moon stone, keeping an eye on astronauts.
172 ::: Sonchidi (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: Set up in a distant part of the Himalayas, Sonchidi is about two travelers looking for a flying craft, one of whom thinks he is made up of a mad engineer who remembers his childhood. They believe that if they can find the craft could possibly take them to the ultimate escape from the birth cycle. On their way to find this machine, they record their memories, dreams and fears in a sound record and notebook.
173 ::: The Stars My Destination (????) ::: sci-fi ::: A primitive sub -class trade that is shipbike in his life in his life in the form of revenge for months when his company obviously does not save him. As a result, he destroys every inner obstacles to size, gains talents and unlock the unimaginable potential of the human mind, without ever losing its primitive, fascinated identity. Both the hero and the villain, Gully Foyle, represents the terrible size of the consequence and drive and leaves a destruction in its determined persecution, while at the same time sending the human race down the scary glove of progress.
174 ::: Time Tracers (1997) ::: sci-fi ::: When the discovery of a five -thousand -year -old humanitarian reptiles, a research reporter leads the Kronos project, he creates a experimental device that is controlled by a brutal billionaire to send humans over time. With the progress of the Kronos experiment during the Civil War to the Jurassic era, high -tech sabotage and deception, as a result of the devastating events that lead to time, paradox, which, if not available, can bring the entire evolution and evolution. Change the world as we know.
175 ::: The Prisoner (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The film based on the 1960s TV series about a state agent that resigned.
176 ::: Memory Runner (????) ::: sci-fi ::: After waking up from Cryopod for 30 years, he finds the same pregnancy in the hospital with memory loss. His memory cannot return because it is closed in a data cube called Runner. Four terrorists are trying to kidnap the pregnancy from the hospital, but after all their killing at the hands of an unknown killer, the acts escape from the hospital and go on a trip to restore the memory hostility so that he can finally know who he is.
177 ::: Bad Pixels (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: In the next company's future, Short Alert Examination Dictator's Dictatorial Eliminate Gender Equality and Easy to Be Female for anyone. When the oppressed daily girl is the authority of her household, he has the authority to restore the male of male, and he is authorized to restore equality through an electric besis.
178 ::: Peril from the Planet Mongo (1966) ::: sci-fi ::: The Aunger's rocket from the Land Singar Barin missile to the Prince's Prince's Sea, the Aunger's Rocket on the verge of earth's contempt of their universe. Bees created equipment-manufacturer zonimmymelum sozilum solarms that he planned the first to use the ABI Fatiya. Barn's wife provides the brince of Barnia's lady, now Barry's scientist provides the Barry Scientist to grow a agent that will make a slicntroniamium. But after a visitor's victory in failing to meet the Minding, flush is also abducted to the bee palace for the devil's palace.
179 ::: The Lathe of Heaven (1980) ::: sci-fi ::: George Yar, a man who dreams can change the truth of the truth, try to press the gift of this unexpected gift with drugs. Dr. Habar, a specified psychologist should occur and a widely to the benefit of the fact to the benefit of human beings --- Change the truth for the advantage of human consequences.
180 ::: Terminator: SkyNET (1996) ::: sci-fi ::: He was appointed in the future, sentenced to the original film. By following a report on the suspicious SkyNet (BOTS) activity, John Connor asks you to go to an old missile base. Inside, you get to know an old nuclear missile known as "hades" mainly the most powerful nuclear weapon ever. Skynet plans to launch the missile against the remaining resistance. You should run/driving/flying/battle on your way through Skynets defenses to the missile launch platform and destroying it before launching and destroying the resistance.
181 ::: Stranger from Venus (1954) ::: sci-fi ::: Tonight, the first call will be made! A beautiful story of a superior creature of Venus that has the power of life and death in his touch. The brilliant and sensitive performance of Patricia Nile's actress as a woman in the biggest event in history is completed by Helmut Dantein's powerful image as a stranger. This film is a touched, humane and annoying film of "First Call" with a peaceful and advanced intelligence from another planet with an ultiimatum and out of the ground, with the events in the classic sci -fi classic "The Earth Stand". It comes to Earth -from this power in the world to back up it.
182 ::: Pandorica (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Pandorika Varosha revolves around the trial of the tribal leadership. Irene, Ares and Thed are all in line to lead the upcoming pay general of their people. Only one of them will be a leader but who would he be? Pandorika is an edge of your seat action horror that keeps the curve thick and fast.
183 ::: Without Warning (1994) ::: sci-fi ::: A television program is being cut off by a news channel that announces that three meteors have arrived in the United States, France and China. At first it looks natural, but it seems that after the interview of scientists and eyewitnesses it shows that it is not. The other three meteors are coming, and different governments of the earth combine forces to prevent them.
184 ::: Nuclear Family (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: The nuclear family begins the story of a young couple, John and Lynn, who are trying to survive in the forest after what seems to be a nuclear holocaust. They remain in motion with their 11 -year -old daughter, Pauline ... while looking for their 8 -year -old missing son, Grant. Meanwhile, today's society has disintegrated, and the family must keep one step ahead of berserkers: men without law, wild and brutal who violate, loot and destroy as a way of life. Filmed as a pilot presentation for a television series, history will take this family, and the others who know on the way in their search for Grant and to avoid the Berserkers, to the discoveries beyond the existing reality.
185 ::: Invader X (????) ::: sci-fi ::: A thriller of scientific fabrications that follows the life of Asher Frost, a young Christian young man who finds himself abducted by a foreign underground conspirator, along with eight other foreigners. Only 7 of them, including Asher survive. They learn that they are holding a foreign pathogen that can wipe out not only human species but also other foreign species. With limited time remaining Asher and the company must find a cure or face the possibility of being responsible for ending all life on Earth.
186 ::: Star Trek: Starfleet Command III (2002) ::: sci-fi ::: Visit the star Trek planet: Fight the next generation and stars fleet and their new alliance, to struggle with things that threaten the Klingon Empire. With this new bond, you need to protect units 1 (a highly developed space station away and more space) may occur any risks.
187 ::: Das Go! Projekt (1986) ::: sci-fi ::: Through his computer, a journalist feels a sensational story in which a white rat is the world's first biocomputer in playing a decisive role. His research confronts him with a network of intrigues and a world in which the industrial pioneer is the order of the day. Future history with issues of manipulation of genes and computer crimes.
188 ::: Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: Thousands of giant and foreign insects once again destroy the land, and only the strength of land protection can stop them. Protect the city of the new Detroit against a greater and more understanding infection than ever before. Destroy these monsters at all costs, even if it means turning all city blocks into ruins.
189 ::: Journey Through the Black Sun (1976) ::: sci-fi ::: The moon of the earth is torn from his orbit by a massive nuclear explosion and pours drift into unknown space. The more than 300 surviving staff of Moonbase Alpha discovers that the floating moon on which they are located is locked up with the gigantic planet Astheria on a collision course and is then pulled into space in the middle of a black hole. The intervention of a higher power saves the Alfans of destruction in both cases.
190 ::: Lucidae (????) ::: sci-fi ::: A university student with live dreams of supernatural experiences in another world. She discovers that she is one of Lucidae - Dream: able to do a psychological relationship with other beings on a remote planet. She will be called to master her newly obtained super capabilities to take over evil threatening to keep an entire race.
191 ::: Embryonic (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: A suburban cult was born ... In a collage of news footage, home films and other media, the embryo presents the story of three aimless twenty -things that announce to receive communications from a supernatural, which predicts the end of the world. However, their encryptive prophecies become ominous when the group is associated with an inexplicable case of a missing person. Are there any merit for their wild claims about psychedelic evolution and changed consciousness, or is all this complex concealment? At 23:11 on December 21, 2012, everyone will be discovered.
192 ::: Time Tracers (1997) ::: sci-fi ::: If the discovery of a five-thousand-year artifact of a humanoid reptile leads an investigative reporter to the Kronos project, it reveals an experimental device that was created to send people through the time that is controlled by a reckless multi-millionaire. While the Kronos experiment progresses through the era of the civil war up to the Jura age, as we know it.
193 ::: "The Chrysanthemum Palace" (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: Chrysanthemum Palace is an addictive event. Beautiful; Exciting; Erroevable erotic. This will make you a stunning world that has never been seen before, and will be immediately recognizable. This is a world where life depends on a small gesture. Where a look from the top of a silk fan can bring a man to his knee or army. Where the honor and cruelty of both sides of a Jade coin is rotating. Nothing looks like - and no one is safe.
194 ::: Damnation Alley (1977) ::: sci-fi ::: A small group of survivors in a military installation that survived World War II try to drive in the desert, where they hope that more survivors are living. Hopefully their specially built vehicles will protect them from the lives of plants and animals mutated from strange weather and other risks along the way. After a nuclear Holocaust, a group of survivors, mainly US Air Force personnel, travel from Western US to Albany, New York where a radio broadcast was taken. Led by a nonsense Major, Eugene Denton, they travel in specialized vehicles specifically built for survival in harsh conditions. On the way, they are joined by an attractive young woman when they stop in Las Vegas, join a young man when they meet desperate survivors in the desert, have to confront clumps of killer cockroaches and survive a large flood in Detroit.
195 ::: "Namaka" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: When he wakes up with Aminia in a medical room, Frasicians learn from Agent coline that he is the key to the nomina program, the target prevents a foreign invasion. But the only thing he wants to find her child, who was vaguely removed by the chasirian part when he was unconscious.
196 ::: Cave Women on Mars (2008) ::: sci-fi ::: This is the future. 1987. The great scientific advances have allowed man to achieve what has already existed in speculative stories - space travel. But, on the eve of the first man -based mission of humanity on the Red Planet, no speculation can make us enough for unexpected discovery ... Cave women on Mars prepare!
197 ::: Norman (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: One time passengers and his A.I. Mate. In the past, Norman is trapped and separated, endangering life in both the past and the future. It must look for a future way before the world falls.
198 ::: The First Men in the Moon (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: Apollo Moon Landing is to be television internationally in 1969, but a young boy named Jim at the country of England met with 90 -year -old Julius Bedford, who tells him, in 1909, as a struggling author, he met whimsical professor Kover. Capped up by ants like Selenites, Bedford was anxious to escape, but the cover was happy to live and communicate with lunar-carryingers. Back to the Earth's Bedford wireless hearing that cover was forced to kill himself and the lunar-moon so that they prevented the earth from invading. As Jim Apollo is present with his parents, he sees a selenite, hides behind the moon stone, keeping an eye on astronauts.
199 ::: "The Strange & Mysterious Life of Jackson Bean" (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: Due to the sudden change in the global climate, the world as we once knew that it had faced terrible circumstances. The remaining people have sought refuge in underground bunkers on a large scale where they live and thrive. That is, until Jackson Bean rises from his dream.
200 ::: Yötuuli (1992) ::: sci-fi ::: There was an accident in Finland. Military dictatorship and scarcity of resources. Ready to hunt a family to start a new life in a natural economy. A strange neighbor helps to get important goods. The society deteriorates. The shoots continue.
201 ::: Madam Carriere (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In 2075, the country was destroyed by the dictator of the United States. Carrier lost his family in the government as a teenager, and his newly -learned child was forced into a paternity. Later, she faces an old friend who knows where her sister is, but it is almost impossible to find her alive. Then Carier found the world. He had no idea.
202 ::: The Flying Bullet (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: Curt Masters, Airmen Tuskegee, is kidnapped by UFO. It is in trial for the obstruction of intergalactic operations. If convicted then he and the planet of the world will be destroyed. Can a curt live in another galaxy and fight for a planet who does not always fight for him?
203 ::: Space Pirates (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: In a galaxy, a group of aliens are sent to a secret mission as soon as they reach their destination, an asteroid collided with their ship, causing the crew to fall on Earth. Aliens have not been discovered for three decades until one day the old man and his dog find their home and get their book. Their only opportunity is to get home inside the book, but aliens can't read. They read the book with the help of two friends and find a legendary treasure map. Do they pull the histe out? Can they repair their ship, bring down the space pirates and save their galaxy? All while the agency has fallen in search of the ship.
204 ::: Symbiote (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: Two people at the end of the world. The soil is stuck in its childhood building. Lola is going on forever. By opportunity they find about others, and their lives, who lost almost all meanings, are intended once more. But there is still a lot of distance to travel, and whoever killed mankind, it has not yet ended with them.
205 ::: "Cyberia" (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In the futuristic Russia, American exiles transform into a powerful cyborg. I don't know how to use his new abilities. He reluctantly embarks on the exploration to prevent the dark force from claiming a mysterious relic set.
206 ::: Era 7 (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: At some point in the distant future, the natural progression of the Earth with science and technology takes a giant leap forward with the East and West in a joint business and a friendly competition. Both develop the formula for speed speed beyond the fastest rate known by man: the speed of light. The concept of east improvement is Dub Convergence Drive, while the theory of update of the West is the Ohmian space. The east convergence unit is in its trial stage, since it is now ready for its trial. In the perimeter of the exterior space of the solar system, the crew of the artisans 5 gears for their test. The year is now 3018 ... This film is the seventh installment of the Wy Eng's series of movies was Nine and is a prequel; counting the history of the time since its inception. The previous delivery is, released in 2010, as a single film that includes episodes one, two and three.
207 ::: Downtime (1995) ::: sci-fi ::: Retired Commander of United Nations Intelligence Taskforce, and Mysterious Time Traveler The Doctor's prolonged Associate, Brigadier Alastair Lathbridge-Street has to face the most difficult battle of his military career when he is a conspiracy in a proposal by the university's Chancellor Stand in Victoria Waterfield, a former doctor's own former partner, to handle the earth by an evil foreign unit, is a help by his cruel robot Yeti Cohorts, called The Great Intelligence. Can Brigadier beat this danger on Earth without a doctor's help?
208 ::: Cave Women on Mars (2008) ::: sci-fi ::: This is the future. 1987. Great scientific advances have allowed mankind to receive the only speculative story - space journey. But, on the eve of the first manned mission of humanity for the red planet, no speculation can prepare us for adequately unexpected discovery ... Cave women on Mars!
209 ::: "Star Trek: Durandal" (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: Popular MMO Star Trek Online Cryptic Studios, on the star track: Darrad is in the main mission of the United States, after the first mission, after the first mission, it corresponds to the main mission of this game. 8472, called moisture, the main powers of Alpha quadrants, introduced the main powers of Alpha quadrants. In search of new methods of detection of infiltrators, Admiral Quinn is appointed to lead a Captain Alererka to a certain place at a certain place with Darhand.
210 ::: The Starlost: The Alien Oro (1980) ::: sci-fi ::: The Ark is a huge spatial vehicle that is bringing cultures that survive dead land. Cultures live in a wide situation of 50 miles and are the most ignorant of each other's existence. The three main characters accidentally escape the environment of their medieval peasant, discovering that the ark crew is long dead and the ship is lost. They wander through the ship and his dome, seeking help regain control of the fate of the ship and humanity. The original Starlost TV series was broadcast by CTV in 1973. In 1980, a set of 5 60-minute compilation films were released. This was made up of two guest-invited-Staring Walter Koenig as the ORO aliens seeking to gain massive arch control for his own race.
211 ::: "The Chronicles of Dawn" (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: When one leaves with one members, her parents died, often attacked. In the myth of the demon into his eyes to go to the unnumbered mill. Now his eyes can see demons make wicked people to serve as a ministerial servant.
212 ::: Nephel, the Fallen (????) ::: sci-fi ::: They say they don't have a rage like a woman. They didn't see Nephari. A 18-year-old woman and the Arka John Nephari, 18-year-old woman can find their way, and it was thrown in 13 mystical areas of Arka demons to be destroyed, we have all the universities or our taste.
213 ::: Day 1 (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: On the first day, in the near future after the apocalypse, Kevin Hayes (Walt Sloon) walks for life. This is what he has told him by military officials. Rumors of a disease, which cause people to fight with death, make humanity separate. Keeping him alive is Kevin's memories of the past and endless effort to find his daughter. Kevin's journey takes him to a new military part controlled by Captain Reynolds (Harold Dennis). The captain is suppressed with his group of Renegade soldiers and he has a plan - a terrible plan to destroy those who call him "polluted". The only people standing on the way to the captain are two new recruitment, Bennet and Williams (Andrew Jacob Dharat and Jessica Oberharson). These forces come to a climate end that the line between good and evil is vague and Kevin does whatever he does to survive.
214 ::: Wither (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In a world where failed efforts to genetic perfection of each new generation died at the age of 25, Rhine Al -Rari was abducted and sold to a sadistic scientist as a bride. To escape his gorgeous cage, he must have the love of his husband before his father realizes that the treatment of humanity is passing through his veins.
215 ::: "Escape Velocity" (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: A young man leads a group of university students on a scientific mission to become controlling the time space chain and becoming terrorists in this process. But when NASA gets a word of his activity and invites him to join alongside them to defeat the parasites that invade the earth, the group defends humanity and its own life takes development.
216 ::: Anonymous: Street Meat (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: SCIENCE FICTION. Dr. Wolf (played by Ruben Rabasa), a psychiatrist office, is talking to an affordable accumulator (AA) suspected of being a prostitute. AA's name is anonymous. Because the bank and the pharmaceutical stealed her identity and assigned a number, the name of AA is anonymous. "Anonymous" is when people simply to tool on their huge scheme when people take a bite of healthy and lose the identity with a small priest caste that can access the ultimate knowledge sources. It will be. The future may be a digitally overcharged version of the distant past. Ancient Egypt is working on Facebook.
217 ::: The Time Jumper (2019) ::: sci-fi ::: A scientist and historian leaves among the stars looking for an answer for his sole question. With the approval of the space council, Sephoria O'Meara created the ship of the century. Establish the unknown to find the answer that she is looking for so desperately. Where will she go? When will she go? Who will she meet? Welcome to the Time rider. A scientist and historian leaves among stars looking for an answer to his only question. With the approval of the space council, Sephoria O'Meara created the ship of the century. Starting in the unknown to find the answer she is looking for so desperately. Where will she go? When will she go? Who will she meet? Welcome to the Time rider. A scientist and historian leaves among stars looking for an answer to his only question. With the approval of the space council, Sephoria O'Meara created the ship of the century. Starting in the unknown to find the answer she is looking for so desperately. Where will she go? When will she go? Who will she meet? Welcome to the Time rider.
218 ::: "Sky Dome" (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: In an alternative reality, a number of intelligence errors and corruption left the United States and Russia in the claws of the Cold War. In order to counteract the errors, the governments have created special agencies to cope with these domestic threats. Dryden, an agent by the secret police for the United States, is responsible for those on hunting traitors. When he unknowingly executes a scientist who works on a secret government project called Sky Dome - a project that ends the dead end in the mutually secured destruction in favor of the United States, Dryden is not only caught with the Russians in a game with a cloak and dagger, With not only the Russians, but also that in his own country.
219 ::: Kitaru (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: In the war for dominance, Prodigi Akai -led by a group of deadly murderers Saf is the only thing that operates the order. When she was making petitions for more freedom, Saf's ruler Akai first insisted that she was to prove himself. When she penetrates for the taste of real action, she uncover a plot into the Taifa Major city under the nose of Saf to traffic weapons through her opponent Ram Syndicate. Is this Akai's chance to prove her or her head? What cost does her pride and intolerance take her?
220 ::: The First Men in the Moon (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: In 1969, Apollo Moon Handing should be broadcast internationally, but at a country exhibition in England, a 90 -year -old boy named Jim Jim Jims Bidford meets him in 1909, as a struggling writer, he met the eccentric professor Cavour, Coriet inventor, a substance that challenges the gravity they used to build a ball, and which they moved to the moon. Bidford, who was seized by Selenenett, was similar to ant disease, was keen to escape, but Kafour was happy to stay and communicate with the moon. Once on the ground, Bidford hears the wirelessness that an infidel was forced to kill himself and the moon's rotor to prevent them from invading the earth. While Jim is watching Apollo's landing with his parents at the present time, Selenenett, hiding behind the moon's rock, looked at astronauts.
221 ::: Osa (1986) ::: sci-fi ::: In a future society where water is a beautiful resource, a wild gang murders a young woman's family. She is welcomed by a man named Trooper, who teaches him to fight, kill and survive. When he is old enough to fend for herself, she looks at the search for the gang that killed her family.
222 ::: Elimination: A Star Wars Story (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: The story depicts JD Knight Anakin Skyvocker's collapse through his ex-girlfriend, Erith Lavarn-Lens, a perspective lens. The story investigates the discovery of the fact that he is still emotions for Erith, and his struggle to balance those feelings and to save his wife, Padme from the birth of a child.
223 ::: Colony Wars (1997) ::: sci-fi ::: By the fifth Millennium, the earth completely removed natural resources. As a result, the earth empire sends pilgrimage ships to distant planets, which have abundant natural resources and ripen them. The discovery of hyperspace technology accelerates the interstellar expansion of the empire. As the colonies are more prosperous, residents are unhappy, as most of their dug resources benefit the earth. In the 47th century, the peaceful rebellious leader of the land empire, Jar, individually leads to the destruction of the rebellion planet. Surprised by the genocide, the other colonies, together with the League of Free Worlds, led the fight as a father.
224 ::: "Improbabilia" (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: For office workers Hal Norman, every day is the same, and the reality cannot be boring anymore. When he lost his job and found his debt deeply, he decided to go for a paid medical examination to earn a simple money ... Suddenly he developed a strange ability. He noticed that he was upside down and made a target of shadowy forces until he found a safe shelter in an improvised area. Hull, who joins another person like him, has to choose whether to escape or face them to the people who destroy them ... but are they all the hallucinations of drug -inducing?
225 ::: Quantum Apocalypse (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: A group of talented but rebel 'rock-star scientists' find themselves in a race against time to save the earth when a comet gives an unexpected turn to our blue planet, where all life can be present within days If our small town heroes fail to find a solution. In the city of Parish, chief Ben Marshal lives with his autistic brother Terry, his son Leo, his daughter Samantha and his second wife Lynn. When a comet changes its path and collides over the earth, scientists find out that there is a cause of an anomaly and they bring two talents to join their team in research. They find that discrepancy is actually a gravitational vacuum and mankind is ruined for destruction. But Terry convinced his brother Ben to go to Houston to save the planet.
226 ::: Iron Invader (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: The Jake and Ethan brothers are witnessing something that crashes on earth and find it a satellite. When they break, they collect it and sell it to the local scrap trader, Earl. Meanwhile, Earl has built 18 feet "Golem" of iron to be used in the local city parade. The satellite is infected with some kind of cosmic bacteria that feed on metal and also causes the mentioned metal to come to life. The result is that the big man becomes infected, comes to life and begins to kill people, sucking metals from his body only by touching. Jake has to find a way to beat Big and save the city.
227 ::: Dead Honey (2019) ::: sci-fi ::: Since ancient times, bees have guarded the gate between our world and the next. Paul's wife dies and he wants her back. There are hives at the cemetery that collect special honey that can bring the dead back. However, there is one problem, along the path of his true soulmate from centuries ago, he threatens his plans.
228 ::: Music of the Spheres (1984) ::: sci-fi ::: Established in the unheard of, when the existing world economy has fallen, and the new city states are controlled by computers, many of which require a type of telepathic link with a human counterpart. When the most important of these computers shows strange trends during a crucial operation, its counterpart, a leading scientist named Melody, begins to have psychic experiences. For a low-budget film, a surprisingly deep exploration of emotions vs. Logic and the search elusive to the truth.
229 ::: Interstellar Wars (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: From a giant portal behind the dark part of the aliens begins the attack on Earth. Scientists from a secret underground base are trying to find a way to fight aliens. Time is dying to people and soon aliens have complete control.
230 ::: Invader X (????) ::: sci-fi ::: A science fiction thriller who follows the life of Asher Frost, a young Christian born again, who finds himself kidnapped by an underground foreign conspiracy group, as well as eight other foreigners. Only 7 of them, including Asher, survive. They learn that they wear an extraterrestrial pathogen that could eliminate not only human species, but also other extraterrestrial species. With a limited time on the left, Asher and the company must find a remedy or face the possibility of being responsible for ending all life on earth.
231 ::: Terminator Genisys: Revolution (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: The year is 2028, and humanity is on the extinction crisis. Help John Connor in the war and save mankind in the new film terminator Genisis' official game. Escape from Skynet's prison and fight the machine in a science fiction shooting game full of action.
232 ::: "Cyberia" (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In Futuristic Russia, the American east becomes a powerful cyborg - it is not clear about how it can be applied to its new ability. It tries to refuse to claim a set of dark forces to claim to claim a set of puzzles, as it is trying to enter into terms of the past.
233 ::: Alite (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: Alite is a fan of the classic elite of the 80s. More specifically, Alite focuses on the Amiga version. Order your COBRA spacecraft in a fantastic discovery, adventure and commerce trip, a supreme test of your combat, navigation and business skills. Trade between countless planets, using the product to equip your missile ship looking for heat, beam lasers and other weapons - business states can be approached with little risk, but anarchies unruly can swarm space pirates. There are a lot of bonuses to make for the daring pilot. Do you have it in you? Learn to control your cobra in a series of front -to -face lessons from renowned commander Quelo and take advantage of his vast experience. Do not forget: trading in the black market can be lucrative but can cause skirmishes with the local police and a price on your head! However, you earn your money, by fair means or means, you must explode through the annihilating space of pirate ships and hostile extraterrestrials while you strive to win your reputation as an elite!
234 ::: Mariposa china (1995) ::: sci-fi ::: It is forbidden to dream but "oniroscopes" indicates that a dream has materialized. The monk realizes that it is his own dream. Maybe he will not be able to prevent the night watchman from destroying the dream.
235 ::: Retik, the Moon Menace (1966) ::: sci-fi ::: Scientist cordy codies have developed a flying rocket jet pack that enables flying up the sky, encounter aliens from the moon, and re -edit the serial length from the moon (re -edit the Earth). 1952) '.
236 ::: Samara (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Samala suddenly awakens with a warning sound at a facility that has only a few minutes to save himself, leaving the only option to evacuate to one place where we all called home. You will notice that you are.
237 ::: Tim Cohen's Amazing Adventures in Cardboard Box Time Travel (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: When Tim Cohen went his way, he felt as he had found what he saw in the 21st century: He had found the way of travel ... in cardboard boxes. The only one problem is that no one believes in it. It doesn't help with the testimony about the travel time is an iphone example that no one can understand. No doubt he resumed his test. It continues to meet him, even time travel and hunger enters the Paranoa, Tim asked you to heeded in something else. Finally, when trying to leave, Tim cohen amazing cardboard cardcape shows they begin.
238 ::: Collapse (????) ::: sci-fi ::: To change our future, we must first change our past first. In 2240, disorder and chaos dominate our society fed by the fear and absolute control of the United Global Union. There is a small number of people who call themselves the resistance that they believe that the world we have destroyed can be reversed and we can give ourselves a second chance to start and change the course of history by backing over time. The resistance has found ancient planes of a time displacement machine designed to send people back and advanced over time, but in the wrong hands this can have catastrophic consequences.
239 ::: Creature from the Green Mist Anthology (2005) ::: sci-fi ::: The summer storm traps ten unhealthy strangers at a coffee shop along the coast. Suddenly a mysterious green mist comes in. One by one, strangers are eaten by an animal that they cannot see. The truth is beyond someone's wild imagination. A sea animal has long been extinct and survived the age of snow and re -awakened. It's now on rage. As a marine life. The increase in the calculation of the body is strictly tried to subdue the animal. Prepare yourself for the final beginning between Man and Beast. Everyone counts as strangers make a final effort to escape. An attempt where the cost of failure is death.
240 ::: Quantum Shock: Black Drop (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Super-strength, speed, durability and reactions that can assess the future. With the only survivor of the Quantum Shock Execution, Colt Stall has become the right Super Soldier-Killer. The life quantum -based weapon goes along with the super soldiers who have done injustice to him. However, his existence can cause consequences to the world around him.
241 ::: Sonchidi (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: Sonchidi, located in the remote part of the Himalayas, is about two travelers looking for a flight flight, one of which thinks was made by a crazy engineer who remembers his childhood. They believe that if they can find crafts, they can probably lead them to the final escape of the birth cycle. On the way to find this device, they record their memories, dreams, and fears in a sound recorder and notebook.
242 ::: MechAssault (2002) ::: sci-fi ::: You take control of a variety of Battlemechs and give a new meaning to the words mass destruction. Practically everything in the game can be blown up. Buildings, cities, cars and of course enemies. Mechhassault has a campaign mode that brings you through different levels, or you can play a maximum of seven friends in System Link mode. You take on the role of a nameless Mechwarrior that is part of the Wolf Dragoons. Your mission is to destroy the word of Blake troops that the planet Helios have taken over, destroyed their orbital weapons, can stop the ruthless dictator known as Adept Strader and discover the secret of this lost technology battemlemech known as "Ragnarok".
243 ::: Ikarie XB 1 (1963) ::: sci-fi ::: A gigantic spaceship that carries settlers to a new planet encounters unexpected problems on his journey, ranging from encounters with abandoned alien craftsmanship to defective computers and tensions under his crew and passengers.
244 ::: Touch (2007) ::: sci-fi ::: The successful novelist Iva Chalen is mysterious as one of her frequent writing characters. Eva knows exactly what they say or do when writing them. Her secret? Using the ability to go from his mother Eva by touching someone, they can pick up their most dominant quality in their mind and body.
245 ::: In the Beginning: The Epic of the Anunnaki (????) ::: sci-fi ::: This two-party story begins with wonderful content in today's day which takes us back hundreds of thousands of years. Follow the Anunnaki on their ancient astronaut journey from Nibiru to the world and their interactions with the genesis of humanity.
246 ::: "Sons of the Universe" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: When two worlds collide, three prophetic brothers born to bring balance to the world, they must unite to reunite their family in order to save the universe. Kai, born and raised by his single mother; And oblivious to his fate, he has been caught among these worlds, where he learns of his newly found powers and his newcomers, Avery and Micah. Now, these brothers must solve the mystery of their individual pasts and take their fate before the bad lady Jayde hurts their home.
247 ::: "Body Jumpers Resurrection" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: A new villain makes his presence known. Sonja takes her first steps to compensate for the damage she has done with her hacking skills. Nova discovers how to do more things with her power suit, and Glitter girl makes an interesting discovery.
248 ::: The Neptune Factor (1973) ::: sci-fi ::: On board R/V TRITON, the Neptune Project team conducts research or oceans. Director Andrews is trying to maintain the research despite the opposition from the head of the Foundation, Shaybard. At the bottom of the ocean, in SEALAB, the team that Hamilton is about to return to the surface is when SEALAB explodes from its anchors and sends it to a trench. A very profound besiege for the divers, the only opportunity is to save by a new navy small party, which was tried by the arrogant CDR Blake USN. Blake, President of Dive Mackay, Couors Diver and Dr. Jansen (the Hamilton fiancé) dives into Mini Sub to try to save Hamilton & Crew.
249 ::: Kidou senshi Gandamu: The Origin III - Akatsuki no houki (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Universal Century 0074. After leaving the Colony of Texas, Édouard Mass camoufla its identity and enrolls in the Military Academy of Space Defense of the Autonomous Republic of Zeon under the name of Chara Aznable. He develops a friendship with his classmate Garma, a Zabi family rod. Little by little, the two are admired for the other students. Then, in the universal century 0077, students finally rise in arms and begin the struggle for independence against security forces of the Earth Federation. However, this rebellion also marks the beginning of the spectacular setting scenario of Char ... Now, the gears of the story are changing!
250 ::: Collapse (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In order to change our future, we must first change our past first. In 2240, the disorder and chaos dominated our society, fed by fear and absolute control by the global union union. There are a small number of people who call themselves the resistance who believe that the world we have destroyed it can be turned and we can give ourselves a second chance to start over and change the course of history by going back to Time. The resistance has discovered ancient drawings of a time displacement machine designed to send people back and forth over time, but in the wrong hands this may have catastrophic consequences.
251 ::: Megaman X (????) ::: sci-fi ::: An Australian boy 'Lan' makes a trip to the US to see his father's scientific invention, during his arrival he receives tragic news saying he has lost his father. A USB is given to him by a secret agent I CIA named Dr. Drita, Lan then continues to go to the nearest hotel to discover what he is got. He soon discovers the world will be under attack by evil Dr. Wiley. What to do okay to carry out the mission to save the land in order to volunteer to fight the mechanical friends of a crazy scientist.
252 ::: Edgar Allan Poe's Plan 13: The House of Elvis (1986) ::: sci-fi ::: President Ronald Reagan, seeking to find a new spokesman for the 1988 presidential campaign, Frees Regis forcibly from prison to revive Elvis Presley from the dead. With the help of Bela Lugosi, strictly and the "king of rock 'n' roll" continue in a rage, resulting in a series of baseball kills. The reagan should then stop them using a thermonuclear device.
253 ::: For the Cause (2000) ::: sci-fi ::: The earth is in a constant state of war and two colonies of humans were sent to a distant world. The colonists create a new civilization but inherited the worst features of their ancestors and the war burst by leaving the new cities in ruins. He falls into a bunch of adolescents to bring peace to the colony - but will they do it?
254 ::: Atomic Night (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: Shortly after a nuclear attack on Los Angeles, a group of survivors found a place of refugee in the desert on a small ranch. After a few days and finally feeling that they have found safety, a driver arrives less Cadillac Coup de Ville and brings it to circl the ranch and kill everyone trying to leave.
255 ::: Hogs (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: A small hunting party backwoods pass through a section of the forest. Three local businessmen, decorated in their best hunting garb, are driving the sidewalk by a thin man in Ratti clothes. Brown flashes appear through the underbrush, then the flash of animal flour and brown fur whispers and snoring. Brown flash becomes bolt toward men. They are targeted and pulling out one by one.
256 ::: "Endzeit" (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: Daniel, a young father and an artist, hangs himself between a rock and a hard place: the unclear situation is commonly known as an unknown artist. In the middle class, he makes a conscious decision to change his point of view from Bohme to businessman by selling a survival bug-out bag in a frightened middle class. After all, fear is a growing customer. His startup was successful, but soon Daniel realized that making money did not satisfy his meaning in life.
257 ::: Bound (2017/I) ::: sci-fi ::: Year 2032- ..- AF population is under a new leader, 'regime'. The use of bullets that are deprived of all the feeling of all the sense, regime confess civilian civilians in mind that is in mind "work." We follow the Alex Story that is the place where his bullet does not pass a morning and he enjoys what his life with feelings. Incorrect nature of human sense covers and emphasized on issues of mental health that especially sadness and anxiety is particularly.
258 ::: The Stairwell (2007) ::: sci-fi ::: Stairwell is a mi -orniatic study of Caste's modern system that follows the confusion created in the life of a business when using the main frame of its computer. The chaos mostly occurs when the elevator stops from its function and news is learned about the death of Richard's wife (CEO). Since all things, a subtle administrative assistant, Brian must overcome the laws set by society, forcing himself to do its best and save the company before it is inevitable death. .
259 ::: Le monde tremblera (1939) ::: sci-fi ::: Jean Durand, a Young Scientist estimate your Death to Assignment as perhaps, and he's going as a pretest as it is the eighth day of creative day; But his fastest father is. Sabbage when he wants to use the machine for life warranty, then everyone wants to know when it happens?
260 ::: Untitled Sci-Fi/Horror Film (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: A group of friends venture deep in the forest and is being chased by a mysterious inexplicable sound.
261 ::: Paradox Alice (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: In the near future, a team will be sent to Europe on a dangerous mission to pick up and bring water back to a dying earth. Their operation goes unexpectedly wrong and not only brings the lives of people on board, but also on earth, which results in the possible extinction of the human race. This film starts with a plausible enough plot, but as things go on, they gradually become stranger. In what I would call the middle part of the film, the situation is in a more or less expected opportunity. Towards the end, the situation is not ideal, but there is still some hope for a good ending. In the last minute of the film, everything goes completely Whacko and ends with a few seconds difficult or impossible to understand audio and visuals. In my opinion a very unsatisfactory end. In general, I do not recommend this film, because it has very little of non -leafing value and afterwards nothing can be called but a horror film. I'm very sorry that I bought the film from iTunes.
262 ::: Battle Planet (2008) ::: sci-fi ::: In a not far away future, Captain Jordan Strid Rider, a member of the New World Alliance special unit, has been selected as a secret mission. Strider needs to survive only in experimental lawsuits issued by the government to arrest the alliance to be sent to the desolate planet, Terra 219, and to arrest the possibility of a traitor in the alliance. Eventually, the strider discovers that he has crossed. The mission is an experiment to test a suit that he cannot take off.
263 ::: Journey to the Center of Time (1967) ::: sci-fi ::: The new boss and the new boss of the hard nose Stanton takes over a scientific research company on the death of his benevolent father. Stanton, Santon, scientists from Manning, Gordon and White, are very close to a breakthrough in time travel. Trying to push their equipment in front of its secure operating limit, they travel in the distant future and a distant past, with Stanton as an accidental participant, ignoring that a surprise awaits them when they have trouble returning to the present.
264 ::: Solis (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: When Troy Hollowe wakes himself to see himself trapped in an escape pod shooting towards the sun, he quickly realizes the true terror of his situation. With a rapid oxygen reduction and 90-minute burn-up rate, commander Roberts leads the rescue party to save Hollowe before the time is over. Recently, his son has been lost and now faced with his immediate end, Hollowe feels less enthusiastic about existence. But Roberts, only speaking to her through weak radio transmission, is committed to saving her life, and both of them soon learn that they both live unexpectedly to each other.
265 ::: Interface (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: Everything was just great, he had money, recognized and had a rich father. However, what he didn't have, managed the ability to manage his emotions whenever he was close to losing. Result? Jason Smith was stuck in a virtual reality game that directly depends on his feelings. Can he accept the loss or allow his anger to lead to a non -virtual collective murder?
266 ::: The Crypto-Historians (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Victoria's travels set on the tale of the scientific version of which the science is usually called like Rolpunk. In the world where the story is in H.G. Top of the facts: who is designing someone from the past, the heroes of the world "by deceiving the H.g. Ols and Nikola Tesola will Building themselves in 1890s and transformed the history of the history of history and showing the truth "-" the future is 'Our hand! "
267 ::: The Empire Strikes Back Uncut: Director's Cut (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: Empire Strikes Back Uncut is Star Wars Uncut, a 2010 fans of the entire original 1977 film by George Lucas. "Empire Strikes Project Uncut began in 2013, and fans claim 15 -second scenes to re -imagine while they were convenient, and as a result sequences with everything from action faces to cardboard booths to visual effects Stunning. Created. ” "By Casey Pog, who oversees the 2010 Star Wars, the new film has a great homemark attraction, as a loving tribute to the style empire, and the testimony for talent, imagination and sacrifice is the fans. War , "
268 ::: Music of the Spheres (1984) ::: sci-fi ::: Established in the unheard of, when the existing world economy has fallen, and the new city states are controlled by computers, many of which require a type of telepathic link with a human counterpart. When the most important of these computers shows strange trends during a crucial operation, its counterpart, a leading scientist named Melody, begins to have psychic experiences. For a low-budget film, a surprisingly deep exploration of emotions vs. Logic and the search elusive to the truth.
269 ::: Prodavetz vozdukha (1967) ::: sci-fi ::: Film events take place around 1950-1960. Bailey businessman decided to do a great job. He built on an island at the underground plant of the North Pacific Ocean, which is sucking air from the atmosphere of the world, turning it into hard balls.
270 ::: The Lathe of Heaven (1980) ::: sci-fi ::: George Or, a man whose dreams can change the reality of waking up, tries to suppress this unexpected gift from drugs. DR .. Heber, a assigned psychiatrist, motivates the gift to change the reality for the benefit of mankind real and hypnotic Mr. Or --- with strange and terrifying consequences.
271 ::: Kosmicheskiy reys: Fantasticheskaya novella (1936) ::: sci-fi ::: The Science Fiction film "Cosmosiski Rece" was first shown in Soviet theaters in January 1936. Soviet cinematographers created a progressively realistic image of the Moon's visit in these early days of special effects. Scientist Pavel Sedikh becomes impatient with the restrictions of the Soviet Space Institute in Pavel Sedik Moscow. Sedikh builds his own spacecraft, and with a female astronaut and a boy, he goes on the first human journey of the moon.
272 ::: Norman (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: Time traveler and his AI companion. Norman threatens the past and isolated, before and in the future. He needs to return to the future before the world starts falling.
273 ::: The Advent of Mebiar (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: After defeating public money, people, fats and snark detect the new face to help them with their communication investigations. During the field "person" in the field of graduation, they follow the antiquities, who wants to be an old monster who wants to return to our eternal. Singa Trail Trust Trust is not a broken by using Mr. Machea, to respond to. Finally, naps come together for a recent intervals against any meaningful patience and his followers.
274 ::: "Improbabilia" (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: For office worker Hal Norman is the same every day and the reality cannot be more boring. When he loses his job and is deeply in debt, he decides to go for paid medical tests to do some easy money ... or so he thinks. He suddenly finds his world upside down while he develops strange skills, making him a target for shady forces, until he finds a safe refuge in the hidden district of Imjestabilia. HAL, accompanied by others like him, must make the choice to flee or stand against those they would destroy ... But is it all just a hallucination caused by drugs?
275 ::: The Empire Strikes Back Uncut: Director's Cut (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: Empire strike followed by Plike Lucas by the 1977's film by the 1977, the 9th of the Year. "Empire for allegations of the second scene provided in 2013 to claim the final scenes of the final scenes, which they are suited by the resulting of the cardboard processes for view parts." "The new film oversees the calps of the calps, a new film-winning wars, as the perpetrator of the empire is a permanent, imagination and the The standard to reduce the stars fabrics love, "
276 ::: Gremlins: Unleashed! (2001) ::: sci-fi ::: In this game, the hero of the film tries to find Gizmo and Greamlin and capture them all. In the meantime, the evil line and his army tries to turn Gizmon into a Gymlin by attacking the town of Kingston Falls of 30 different Greamlines. The game can be played as a character. GREMLINS: Loosen! The film has 10 levels including Billy House, School Laboratory, Department Store and Movie Theater.
277 ::: "Dark Day" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: In a postpocalyptic and dystopic future, a demon disguised as a member of the high society must free himself from the curse of a vindictive god, one that violently forces him to the role of a hero. Henry Selele, the demon in question, has hidden for years outside the eyes of the guardians (a group of highly trained people who track demons until death) and the vigilant demons hunters. His inherent blood lust takes him to the inadvertent exposure when two aspiring demons hunters, Calvin Shaw and Ian Howe, are notified to Henry's true nature. Calvin and Ian investigate Henry in silence, without realizing that Henry is looking at each step in the way and waiting for them to hit. Calvin and Ian established a trap for Henry, which fails; Ian is killed and Calvin barely escapes with his life. However, Henry is taken captive by a mysterious being and taken to unknown places. Calvin, with the help of the rich and influential family of Ian, must discover the whereabouts of Henry Selele and the exact justice. Little realizes that the world is about to enter a state of war, since the inactive enemies of the many hidden demons in the world are slowly revealed.
278 ::: Quantum Apocalypse (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: The talented but rebellious but rebellious "rock-star scientists" will be in the race to save the land, because if the comet can not find our little city heroes, it can live within all the days. In Prishish city and Marshall, his authuris-brother Terry, his son Leo, daughter Samantha and his second wife Linna. When the comet collided with its direction and earthly collision, scientists determine that they are caused by anomaly and they bring two genius to their teams. They determine the anomalical gravitational vacuum, and humanity is destroyed. But Terry persuades his brother and her to take it to Houston to keep the planet.
279 ::: "Out There" (1951) ::: sci-fi ::: Innovative Institute's Series was the first extended scientific serial serial series and maybe it can be harmed for. There was a castle sine officer from the telephone and robert hanaline of the telephoid games from the telephone and robret hanaline of the best science officers. Series, which sponsor didn't have Sponsor, only twelve episode was canceled
280 ::: "Tailed" (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: A futuristic science-fi adventure where a foreign caste of reptiles shaped shifters invaded Earth. Follow Martin and Corey as they find strictly through deception and confusion to find their child, kidnapped by a wicked foreign dictator.
281 ::: Doorways (1993) ::: sci-fi ::: Cat, a fugitive from a parallel land governed by aliens, lands in "our" land in the middle of a highway, causing an accident. He is slightly injured and wakes up in the emergency room of a hospital, where Thomas, a doctor, takes care of her. The next day, Thomas returns to the hospital and finds Cat's room vacant and all records are eliminated. He discovers that the FBI is investigating the origin of the CAT, because she has brought a couple of strange artifacts. Thomas is trying to talk to her when she decides to escape. Thomas is forced by the events to follow and help her, all the time trying to understand her motives. It turns out that Cat is fleeing a group of servants of the Dark Lord. They call themselves at the closest door to another parallel world, but while they hope the door, the FBI and Dark Lord Goons agents are opened successively. They barely escape the door to a land where gasoline has disappeared. Their adventures continue since the villains still persecute them. Finally, they stumble upon another door and land on Mount Rushmore. But the four faces that are sculpted in him show that Thomas clearly is not yet at home.
282 ::: Dih (1983) ::: sci-fi ::: The infant mortality rate in the maternity wing in the hospital increases in a suspicious way - claimed by an unknown pulmonary disease. When Dr. Barbara decides to inform the public of this tragic phenomenon, a number of doctors, including the hospital administration, are trying to prevent it.
283 ::: Nephel, the Fallen (????) ::: sci-fi ::: They say that hell has no anger as a woman is lightly corn. They don't see Nephari. A 18 -year -old woman born from Arch Angle and Arch Demon Nephari found her path in the world, but her fate is all the universe or our taste.
284 ::: Le monde tremblera (1939) ::: sci-fi ::: Jean Durand, a young scientist who invents a machine that can predict the history of your death accurately. He tries to use a prostitute as a Guinea pork to test the machine. Regarding that this is the eighth day of creation; But his father is his fiancée sarcastically like him; Its softness appears when he wants to use the device to deceive life assurances. But does everyone want to know when to happen?
285 ::: Three Generations of Matter (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: In a university city in Northeast, Andrew's husband and wife team and Marie Petit have made a great advance of historical proportions. The two young physicists are ready for global notoriety when Andrew's participation in an extramarital matter with a young artist comes to light. As her professional success is sealed, Marie decides to finish her ten -year marriage. In the days after his divorce, Marie immerses himself in the development of a new and dangerous application for his invention. When the work is finally completed, the result can be a dream made or a nightmare made. In a university city in Northeast, Andrew's husband and wife's team has made a great advance of historical proportions. The two young physicists are ready for global notoriety when Andrew's participation in an extramarital matter with a young artist comes to light. As her professional success is sealed, Marie decides to finish her ten -year marriage. In the days after his divorce, Marie immerses himself in the development of a new and dangerous application for his invention. When the work is finally completed, the result can be a dream made or a nightmare made.
286 ::: Adam wa el nessaa (1971) ::: sci-fi ::: In the wake of the nuclear tragedy, the entire male population of the earth has been sterile, except that the iron mine was below the surface of the planet. This blur is suddenly seen as a savior of humanity, Vijay; Displays the international teams, and instructs his wife to leave, and instead the beauty contest will join the winners of the winners; As long as it is, it is a fortunate day when other men begin to regain their power and Adam is no longer 'special'. This satirical variety .Nik movie is not only interesting for its frank approach to sex and sex, but also because it is an unauthorized adaptation of Pet Frank's 1946 novel 'Mr.'. Adam '.
287 ::: The Amazing Colossal Woman (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Dr. Carol Hazler is angry ... very angry. Her rage registers with people with a flying saucer. The alien inside makes a decision that it is an ideal subject for experimenting. Using its advanced technology, the Furious woman grows in a wide size and has a name for her garman! Now, with tremendous power, Garganta rushes to the city in search of her deception husband. Anything or anyone who stands in its way becomes flat. Amazing Colossal Woman is a Micro Budget tribute to Yestair's Vijay .Nik monster movies. A.C. Based on the character of the character appearing in the Femofors title of the ICS Mix, this movie is a fun elements full of cheesy elements that have popularized 50 horrible films ... an idol 50-foot woman, a disgusting bug-i monster. Extremely Vijay. Manico and Intrapid TV Newscaster. It is filmed in soloptivision, special processes that turn the color into B&W and assimilate this movie with Arti, comic book growth. DR .. Carol Hazler is angry - very angry. Her rage registers with people with a flying saucer. The alien inside makes a decision that it is an ideal subject for experimenting. Using its advanced technology, the Furious woman is grown in large sizes and is the name of her garman.
288 ::: Gideon's Stand (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In almost future land, decreasing fuel supplies have caused worldwide strife. The main economies deviate against the third world terrorist groups. NCR 1236, a small methane refinery outside the Titan world (the moon of Saturn), relieves demand and a small crew from Hardy Roughnecks and military officials have intensified at work. Gideon Stark, a man with a past, says lies to his daughter. She wants to know the real reason not to go home. The truth is that Gideon has many more dark problems to deal with. When the largest sunlight in human history is unexpectedly and all communications are demolished from the line, Gideon discovers that he and the station are cut off the ground. Without knowing about the scope of events, the crew is looking forward to the temporary four -day closed. Their dreams of a paid vacation evaporate when the intelligence ship lands and Major Harley Jane, a shady military connection, informs them that a large -scale terrorist attack has begun under the interruption of the solar glare. She was ordered to provide the refinery and take over combat control, but it is clear to Gideon that there is a hidden program. Soon people start to act strangely and disappear. Gideon graduated from an extraterrestrial terrorist posing as a person has penetrated the station in order to destroy everyone and everything in the base. Nobody knows who is who is who, as Gideon unites the survivors of the last quarrel, to save not only his life but also the life of every human being on earth.
289 ::: Side Effx (2009) ::: sci-fi ::: A special team is sent to an abandoned ex-Army human engineering laboratory to remove "pest". It now uses the empty rooms and corridors of the abandoned building as a playground for their bad murders. One after the other we follow the team of specialists in search of pests with the superhuman forces.
290 ::: "BANA: Heart of Darkness" (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: IGIGI, organisms that claim to be charitable foreigners, secretly help the governments of the world by providing technology, advice and protection against Anonaki (outside the planet Earth who enslave and destroy humanity). However, it is not everything as it seems about Iji and anunnaki. The world will be lost if not for the sake of the mother -in -law, the real guardians of humanity. At the same time, a paramilitary organization known as the Al -Nour soldiers is seeking to expose Anounaki to a world often unaware of their existence, and to build their forces to fight against them. One of the main killers in Anunnaki is a powerful Bana (The Slayer). Pana is chasing his past, a time when he was previously happy and peace. Now it consumes anger and deputy. Its mission, to eliminate the main individuals who interfere in one way or another with Anunnaki plans. The Bana series lists its past and journey, as it deals with those who stand on its way.
291 ::: Star Worms II: Attack of the Pleasure Pods (1985) ::: sci-fi ::: Jesop, who was forced to hide his true identity, is imprisoned on a deadly and wrapped planet, Star Prison. He was exiled to mining the raids raised for gemstones for the extinguishing extinguishing, and Jessoub and his men must fight teams from abandoned prisoners and fighting deadly fangs from stellar worms in order to provide the princes of the evil Empire with the holy source of their hallucinogenic Afia.
292 ::: Planewalker (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Ryan Black's fear becomes reality when he accidentally discovered his unique ability to travel over parallel dimensional levels. An ability that many are considered taboo and dangerous. People with this ability are hunted and captured by an opposing force of employees or eliminated, led by the autocratic chancellor who tries to keep a dimensional balance. The Chancellor and his men pursue Ryan while considering him and others as potential threats to mankind. Ryan has to master his newly found skills quickly and uncover the truth behind the Chancellor's true goal before finding him first.
293 ::: Adam wa el nessaa (1971) ::: sci-fi ::: In the wake of the nuclear disaster, the entire male population of the earth was cleaned, except for the young man named Adam, who was deep below the surface of the planet in the iron mine during the accident. This lucky nonshita suddenly discovered himself as the Savior of humanity, demonstrated to groups of international scientists and ordered to leave his wife, and instead join his new Harem of Beauty competition winners; Until, that is, the day that other males have begun to recover their energy and Adam is no longer 'special'. This sarcastic sci -fi film is not just for its sake of sex and sexuality, but it is also interested in Pat Frank's 1946 novel 'Mr. of Mr.'. Adam '.
294 ::: Space Pirates (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: In a galaxy, a group of aliens are sent in a secret mission to protect their planet from the hole, after reaching their destination, a asteroid is IDES with their role, causing the crew crashes the land on the ground. The aliens have been an elderly man and his dog for a day for three decades and take their book and take their book. The only opportunity for them to come home are in the book, but aliens cannot read. With the help of two friends, they read the book and find the myth treasure map. Do they remove the exploitation? Can they fix their ship, remove the space pirate and save the galaxy? While searching for the agency's collapse.
295 ::: X Rebirth (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: In the distant future, the X -Universe is confronted with a period of in -depth and irrevocable change. While the universe stumbles for an uncertain future, countless adventures are waiting while new enemies come up in search of power. Enter a young adventurer and his unlikely female ally travel in an old, battered ship with a glorious past - two people alone against the Galaxy, play an important part in the upcoming events. The fate of the universe rests in the hands of the player ... X Rebirth represents a spectacular new start for the X series, which offers loyal fans and newcomers, both a huge, lively and extremely detailed universe to explore the entire game. Varied gameplay elements such as space section Space fight, detailed trade mechanics and exploring the fast space with fast journeys enables players to experience a truly unique spacesaga that keeps them addicted for tens of hours. X Rebirth has a completely new user experience - it's easier than ever to start with and remains as deep as fans expect it.
296 ::: Dark Side of Heaven (2008) ::: sci-fi ::: Four people, four people who were sent to build a parked ship behind Pluto, find themselves in the edge of the world. SCEPTRA captain, childhood, hopeless negotiations Caroli and narcic studies, bissilis crew ten times and ten times light speeds. As they cannot change the ancient side of the ship, they go to spend the rest of their rest in the ship in front of the ship, they need to reach one-sided annex. Soon they will find each other like that they are programmed.
297 ::: Osa (1986) ::: sci-fi ::: In a future society where water is a precious resource, a Savage Gang kills the family of a young girl. She is admitted by a man named Trooper, who teaches her to fight, kill and survive. When she gets old enough to take care of herself, she goes looking for the gang who killed her family.
298 ::: Big Sister 2000 (1995) ::: sci-fi ::: Julie Strin is a tyranny interrogator who orders future dark forces. They kidnapped an innocent woman playing by Heather Baker (raw energy) and slaughtered her in an invincible steel castle. Forced to endure the doom of the mind, he is friends with other female prisoners who are committed to survive. By guiding the mysterious spirit of a woman known only as an older sister, prisoners find their inner strengths and exceed the unbearable chances.
299 ::: Stranger from Venus (1954) ::: sci-fi ::: The first contact will be made tonight! A beautifully designed story of a superiors from Venus who has the power of life and death in his touch. The award -winning actress Patricia Neal, the shining and sensitive performance as a woman who was caught in the greatest event in history, is supplemented by Helmut Dantine's powerful, moving representation as a stranger. Proposed by events in the science fiction classic "the day when the earth stood still" -F-diser world powers to secure it.
300 ::: Side Effx (2009) ::: sci-fi ::: The former Army has left a specialist team to remove the "rot", a woman who once suffered an anti-aging pill trail, became a manic and blood-creature. She is now using the empty rooms and corridors of the building that she has left as a playground for her bad murders. We follow a team of experts in the quest to remove the pest with supernatural powers.
301 ::: The Last Dimensionlord (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: The last dimension is a science fiction/comedy. It tells the story of Juno, who is thrown to a world that he had no idea. He will travel to the universe in search of his lost father for a long time to discover the truth about herself and her inheritance.
302 ::: Salvaging Outer Space (2008) ::: sci-fi ::: While Captain Laru and his crew are looking for a valuable disposal in deep places, armed ships appear outside from anywhere and try to destroy them. Proper teamwork means success or death. However, in space ... trust is a rare discovery!
303 ::: Dark Side of Heaven (2008) ::: sci-fi ::: A four -person crew sent to the return of a Matabali ship parked behind Pluto, find themselves on their way to the margins. The captain was by SCEPTRA by the child Genious Kraz, a disappointing Carley negotiator, and narcissism, seeing their foolish crew going into space ten times the speed of light. They are unable to rotate the ship, they resign themselves to pass the rest of their life on the pre -planned ship to travel to the thirteen billion light -years -olds needed to reach the uniform end. They will soon disagree with each other in a false match that seems to be pre -planned.
304 ::: Ocassus (????/II) ::: sci-fi ::: The earth is conquered by an alien race by giants. Max Pastier Fly is the only weapon that can destroy them. It is associated with a transformative robot/aircraft known as the "sword". Built with the secrets recorded by the ancient civilizations on Earth, rediscovered by Nikolai Tesla, only one person can operate it ... The last great hope on Earth ... Max Pashar ... But Max was considered lost in the Great War. In this post-apocalyptic world, humanity is about to disappear as the world expects the return of its Savior. Max returns to Earth ... 25 years after it disappears. He finds a world in ruins ... And his daughter ... Now a young woman, commander Maya Pashair. The world is conquered by a race of giants. Dr. Kurt Walstien built a transforming robot/aircraft known as the "sword" using the secrets of ancient civilizations on Earth. But only one person can manage the craft ... the last great hope on earth.
305 ::: Defcon 5 (1995) ::: sci-fi ::: 2205 Anno Domini. You are a lonely cyberneer and the last hope remaining for the human race. The sudden and mysterious death of your friend and colleague threw you into a network of companies and deceptions. The key to survival lies in the depths of a mining station far from the deep MRP6F space, which, after 200 years of peace, is suddenly threatened by an extraterrestrial attack.
306 ::: "Aperture: Science Time" (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: Welcome to Science Time with Susan Timan. Aperture Science is favorable enough to allow me to borrow a room and a few dollars (really, just a few) to allow me to do these short videos to answer your aperture, portal, solar system and everything else S The theme of this week is portal technology.
307 ::: The Glasses 2 (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: The Glasses 2 is the sequel to the classic independent film underground The Glasses. The sequel has many stories formed in one film with the main protagonist being a pair of designer sunglasses. These fashion sunglasses have the ability to allow the person to wear to see visions of the near future, and for many people in the movie; The future is not so bright.
308 ::: Biosphere (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Three young scientists were recruited by the government and spent most of their lives to live and work isolated in a biosphere in the middle of the Arizona desert. However, they all question the reason why they do not remember anything about their childhood. Find more and more divergences in their work, they begin to suspect that there is another reason for all the scientific research which has been commanded by their superiors. While they are getting closer to the achievement of their objectives to save the earth from destruction, they discover that everything that has been told to them is a lie. They are not who they think and they are not where they think they are. The three of them put themselves in their own way determined to find the truth, but the truth is more shocking and more horrible than anything they could have imagined.
309 ::: Attach (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Star Athletes Daniel Townsend (Alex Russell) undergoes an experimental surgery that loses his car accident and then permanently attaches to the cutting-agable bionic hands and feet in his body. But when he realizes that advanced intelligent artificial people may have their own destructive mind, Daniel's rehabilitation quickly transforms himself into a desperate fight to save himself and everyone around him.
310 ::: Star Wars FanFilm the Padawan III 'Darkness of the Republic' (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: Theo Kay fled his prison cell on the planet Jogana. His former Padawan [the boy] is on the way to helping him. On the way he meets various people such as Jaz, Cardell and Henri. The film takes place between "The Empire Strikes Back" and "Return of the Jedi"
311 ::: Imbue (????) ::: sci-fi ::: On another planet similar to the earth, an optimistic doctor is struggling to pass on timely information about global meaning. It falls prey to defamation, betrayal, greed, negligence and ignorance. Others call her concept "too big an idea", until they finally climb on board in the aftermath of Pandemic tragedy.
312 ::: Hobgoblin (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The group of wars and magicians of the Nazi Loves Na Na Na Na Na Na The Blast Kids From Yesterday The Blast Kids From Yesterday and Adolph Hitler and its team. At the time of the WW2, will be central appearance of civilian people use those who use them to do something.
313 ::: The Starlost: The Alien Oro (1980) ::: sci-fi ::: The ark is a huge spacecraft that carries the surviving cultures of a long -gloomy land. Cultures live in domes with 50 miles wide and are most ignorant of each other's existence. The three main characters accidentally escape from their medieval rural environment, finding that the crew of Avrea has long been dead and the ship has been applied. They wander through the ship and its domes, seeking help to restore control over the fate and fate of humanity. The original Starlost television series aired by CTV in 1973. In 1980, a set of 5 60-minute compilation films were released. This one is made of two episodes, with the participation of guest Walter Koenig as an alien Oro, who seeks to gain control of the massive ark for his own race.
314 ::: Das Go! Projekt (1986) ::: sci-fi ::: Through his computer, the journalist feels an exciting story in which white mice are the first vital computing in the world to play a decisive role. His research faces him with a network of conspiracies and the world in which the industrial pioneer is the matter of today. A future story with genetic manipulation topics and computer crime.
315 ::: "Ultraman Cosmos" (2001) ::: sci-fi ::: Once, a sudden invasion of a virus made of particles known as the 'chaos header' invades the floor, which seeks to have the monsters to manipulate them to destroy the land. Musashi Haruno, a member of the Eyes team again meets the giant, Ultraman Cosmos after ten years, reunit as one with a strong will to see the monsters and man live in harmony. Cosmos gives Musashi a special power that allows him to cure corrupt monsters, with the transformation of Musashi in Cosmos unknown to the rest of the team.
316 ::: "Space Cadet" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: An online series of scientific fabrications about a new cadet that serves on board a star ship somewhere in the future. Not a special future, or a special star ship. Times are difficult when there is no internet and no social media on board, no intimacy, no order and no way to express yourself except its writing.
317 ::: Nightmare Alley (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: The world of the friendly countries thought that the victory was his, and it was decided in this way - with the surrender of the German and then the bomb over Japan, his victory was safe or so he thought !! The main mistake made by the Allies at the end of the war was that they spent a lot of money and time to steal the German technology before hunting the elite soldiers of Hilter and stealing the German technology. Recalling the so -called fatal suicides of Obergrupahfuharr Hans Kammler on 9 May 1945, many witnesses confirmed their bodies, then rumors also said, they were again captured by US forces, if the rumors were re -occupied by the US forces. When he was, he killed the wrong man. Kammal ran away in his individual aircraft, Jankar JU-390V1, real Luftwaf Commander, General Field Marshal Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robert Robber The captive was taken by and in Sazberg after sixteen days in jail, he was killed by A, he was killed, he was killed. The spy, and made to look like suicide, was designed to find out that the US could not find that it was not the real gernerfieldfieldmshel glum. They disappeared in South America with a third of the German wine weapons and technology and still built Hitler's secret weapons to join other scientists and engineers, deep in hidden base in South America, What was untouched, an indication was no idea of ​​its existence, Aadhaar continued to work and training the soldiers of the elite at a quick rate. Deeply underground and well supplied during the war with Aadhaar. With fifty thousand strong soldiers and pilots where their families lived secretly. He worked hard for two years, unaware of anyone in the outside world, but some detectives let alone colleagues go, now they are ready, they come out from within the earth with single manned aircraft and armor, with a four manual The unit is the unit, to give a powerful blow to its enemies. The Allies ignored unwanted and loose instantaneous land, as German and Japanese quickly withdrew their countries and many other countries in this process.
318 ::: "Prey" (1998) ::: sci-fi ::: His mentor and friend, DR .. N L Lt, Young Bioaonthropologist Dr. Slone Parker continues the secret DNA research of KL Lter at the University of California, California. Coolter believes that global with ming ruming has produced a brilliant new species of humans that are committed to eliminating homo sapians, as in its view of Homo Sapins, Manifest Destiny, killing competitive species. What if our DNA is changing global ming? If the changes were not good? In this Vijay. In the Manic series, our questions are answered. Slone Parker is a bio-anthropologist who has just been discovered. The principle of Darwin may be very relevant here. The human race hides an alternative breed between its own, the more intelligent breed of serial killers. Their goal: Destroy the human type to save strong people ...
319 ::: Apparatspott - Dat mokt wie gistern (2008) ::: sci-fi ::: "ApparatSpott - We'll do this yesterday" is the third feature film of Low German from Sulingen "Filmemoker". In this episode, a secret time tunnel - the Sulngen "Tiedröhr" (Str) - causes turmoil. During his presentation, the mayor of the city was designed in the past and was lost. The Government Organization B.I.S (Farmers in Black) Committee captain and his team Gadget Pot to enter a rescue mission. However, due to huge technical problems, rescuers also disappear in past eras. Here our characters meet famous figures of the past and take advantage of the opportunity here and there to fake history. Will the team of "gadgets be able to finally be able to save himself and the local politician, or is this time the assigned task is too great for the part-time travelers? Martin Herman *1964 in Sullingen; Autodactic and artistic leader of the Film Officer; "ApparatSpott we will do this yesterday" has been manufactured for a period of two and a half years in leisure.
320 ::: Attach (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Staratleet Daniel Townsend (Alex Russell) undergoes an experimental surgery that permanently attaches an advanced bionic arm and bone to his body after losing his own in a car accident. But when he realizes that the advanced intelligent prostheses may have a destructive mind, Daniel's rehabilitation quickly turns into a desperate fight to save himself and everyone around him.
321 ::: "Timeline Alpha" (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: Timeline Alpha is a series of events. An epic Sci-Fi adventure for what happens when a Nazi weapons experiment goes terribly wrong and opens up a timely disruption between 1942 and 2016. Through that disruption, both the Nazis and Americans receive a work force full of modern military technologies. Timeline Alpha turns the story of the trip for a long time that we all know and love her in her head. He where our heroes save the day and restore time as we know it. In our series, Rift closes, blocking everyone from the future to the past, rekinding the 20th century and forcing the largest generation of America and their great grandchildren to overcome their cultural differences and free Europe from control of control Iron of Nazi Germany. A desperate war begins as the brutality of World War II fulfills the shock and fear of modern war. At the 24th rhythm and all the raw, emotional fighting of the Band of Brothers that support all the drama and excitement in the Alpha deadline is an uncompromising, dark and ruthless vowel even more dangerous than Adolf Hitler ...
322 ::: Lucidae (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The university student has vivid dreams of supernatural experiences on the other world. She found out that she was able to make a mental connection with other men on a remote planet: Lucide Dream V K Curse: A Lucide Dream. She will be called on to proficient her newly acquired supernatural abilities, which considers an evil that threatens the existence of the entire race.
323 ::: Empires of the Deep (????) ::: sci-fi ::: For thousands of years, the legends of beautiful Permaids surprised people from all over the world. Their interesting and mysterious world always disciplined people's imagination. The history of the film did not have the only movie to open and studied this mystical world. What are the secrets beneath the depth? Why are pretty curtains a person tempting men? "Mermaid Island" is a first-water imaginary movie to answer these questions.
324 ::: The Last Day of Creation (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Steve has been traveling to the change in the United States for millions of years for years. This visit threatens not only such a ticket, but also threatens the nature of the mission, because he makes fun of him.
325 ::: We Are Them (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: A natural disaster devastated the earth, which to eradicate most of the globe's population. Survivors had to create a new world to maintain life. They found a way to create perfect people by using the genetic composition of another DNA. In their search for the human breed, they also managed to design a person with a remarkable genetic composition. This new person, an 8 -year -old girl Melissa, was given the gift for special skills. The more she uses it, the better and more powerful it becomes. Wherever she goes, a miracle has to happen. Melissa uses her skills to help people who need the most urgently, even though they are unknowingly angry. Makers of this new world are now determined to capture Melissa for her DNA and to change a new generation of people. Protected by her family and the people who helped them, the search for knowledge and truth about their creation brings two very young heads into an incredible discovery.
326 ::: The Canary Protocol (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The Canary Protocol is a story about a young woman, due to a talisman who was thrown to her family centuries ago, she can see angels and ghouls that reach the gathering of the lives of people who die. But it is not a general ghost story. Through an unfortunate development of fate, the CIA learns about its visions and wants to discover how its strange capabilities work. Their idea is to use its own ability to warn agents of prominent tasks of imminent danger, such as miners in the past years used to warn of serious conditions. However, they soon discovered that the fate was not supposed to be cheated and sometimes it does not appear as it seems.
327 ::: The Brink (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: After 15 years of World War III, the nuclear winter ended, but humanity is about to extinction. Civilization no longer exists, and food is rare and most of them live through theft and killing. One of the boy connects to life in the closed countryside in southern Britain, where he was moving away from other people the key to his survival. But this self -imposed isolation reaches a sudden end when it crosses the paths with another group of survivors and more brutal and what any of them can imagine.
328 ::: Liquid Sky (1982) ::: sci-fi ::: Invisible extraterrestrials in a tiny flying saucer come to earth in search of heroin. They land above an apartment in New York inhabited by a drug trafficker and her female, a lover of androgynous bisexual nymphomaniacs, a fashion model. The extraterrestrials soon find the human pheromones created in the brain during orgasm preferable to heroin, and the occasional sexual partners of the model begin to disappear. This increasingly bizarre scenario is observed by a lonely woman in the building on the other side of the street, a German scientist who follows extraterrestrials, and an equally androgynous and drug addict male. (The two models are played by Anne Carlisle, in a double role.) Darkly funny and completely bizarre. In New York, a small flying saucer lands on the roof of a penthouse looking for heroin. In the apartment, the cocaine addicted model Margaret is a promise bisexual androgynous woman who lives with her lover, the drug trafficker Adrian. Margaret has sex with many partners asking for cocaine in return. The extraterrestrials discover that the feeling of orgasm is equivalent to heroin and that they suck the brain of Margaret lovers, killing them first and then making their body disappear. Meanwhile, a German scientist continues extraterrestrial beings and arrives in a building in front of Margaret's apartment to observe the creatures. Margaret is a model who seeks to become famous, but who always finds herself mistreated by people in the fashion industry and in his own underculture with drug use. After being drugged and raped by a man who had promised her cocaine, she realizes that a mysterious force kills all those who have sex with her. She undertakes to use it to take revenge on those who mistreated her. Meanwhile, a German scientist realizes that Margaret lovers are victims of foreigners who feed on human neurotransmitters associated with pleasure and try to warn him that she is also in danger.
329 ::: Damnation Alley (1977) ::: sci-fi ::: A small group of survivors in a military installation that survived World War II try to drive in the desert, where they hope that more survivors are living. Hopefully their specially built vehicles will protect them from the lives of plants and animals mutated from strange weather and other risks along the way. After a nuclear Holocaust, a group of survivors, mainly US Air Force personnel, travel from Western US to Albany, New York where a radio broadcast was taken. Led by a nonsense Major, Eugene Denton, they travel in specialized vehicles specifically built for survival in harsh conditions. On the way, they are joined by an attractive young woman when they stop in Las Vegas, join a young man when they meet desperate survivors in the desert, have to confront clumps of killer cockroaches and survive a large flood in Detroit.
330 ::: "Interster" (1983) ::: sci-fi ::: Set in the year 2500, an undercover planetary defense agency operates from Cape Town under the guise of an interstellar shipping company. The earth is delved into a bitter intergalactic struggle against the inhabitants of the hostile planet Krokon, whose malignant ruler, crown prince Karnati, helped and financed by the treacherous Dr. ir. Gorman, plans to take over the earth.
331 ::: The Turing Test (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: In the year 2250, Engineer AVA Turing is one of the 6 members of a research team sent by the International Space Agency (ISA) to dig and study Jupiter Moon Europe from Jupiter. As soon as they arrive, Ava continues to rotate in cryogenic stasis, while the other team members wake up to establish their base and start their studies on the Moon itself. AVA was planned to wake up as soon as the base is completed, but somewhere later Ava is woken up early due to the technical operating machine (t.o.m.), an artificial intelligence that monitors the project. TOM. Says Ava that contact with the soil team has been lost and that she is their only hope for salvation. She quickly goes looking for her friends on the icy surface of Europe.
332 ::: "Chronos" (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: Chronos is a selection chain, where each episode takes a different personal point of view. This series has been set in a world where time travels in the form of natural disasters called "temporal storms". These storms are completely random and cannot be prevented or controlled. People in this world are forced to deal with the chaos that followed because they flow back and forth over time. Government agencies are trying to maintain order and prevent the spread of alternative timelines, while others seek to manipulate history for their malicious purposes.
333 ::: "The Space Giants" (1966) ::: sci-fi ::: The Monster Rodak has conquered planets throughout the universe. He sees the earth and wants it, because it is the best he has ever seen. Goldar and Silvar are sent from another planet to protect the earth against rodak. This series follows the attempts of Rodak to take over the earth and destroy Goldar.
334 ::: Amorphous (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Ours is not the only dimension ... The dimension of the shadows is looking for their flesh. They are determined to win the millennium battle, this time. His exile for a thousand years has been too much! Its dimension thrives in chaos, chaos and calamity. His mission here, find the evil candidate, prepare it for war, within the twenty -seven days. To demonstrate his worth, the evil candidate must live through the consumption of a unique liquid, called "embodied", or die trying. Fortunately, there is someone who can feel both dimensions at the same time. Just before dawn, on the twenty -two day, the two realities will collide. The battle site has been specifically chosen by its atmospheric and environmental purity. Free of external influences, the righteous party begins. Depending on the result, the opposite forces will remain the same or amorphous in their other beings. The propensity of good or evil will reign over the next thousand years.
335 ::: Regrets of the Past (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: A short theater is a shorter "regret" of the goal is to produce the SCI-Fi films to the top of the sky. The gesture focuses on the visual language that attempts to follow the first triogas of George Lucas in 1970s. The story is closed after things led to glacic (battle-controlled III) to follow the sign of two jindiente. Hinga's hunter is also used in the Padawan Kila Dain in the far away and face the past they. The main picture viewed situations at Austria by 2013 through the year 2015, a year of developing post. The 150 of the 150 users have the best of experts working in Austria Artry, who supports the project during their time.
336 ::: "Strange City" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: An ancient magic skull modifies the reality of all those who come in possession, opening a portal in another dimension. When this world and the next one combine, those who have the skull are forced to face what they fear the most themselves. Inspired by the science fiction / fantastic television series classics of the 1950s and 60s, Strange City: A Web Series visits the hidden corners of 21st century cities and the strange characters who inhabit them.
337 ::: "United As One" (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In the near future, borders around the world have been closed to prevent imminent chaos due to the global energy crisis. From South America farther, a geologist must provide a solution. His journey to North America brings him across the continent, while the secrets are the secrets of a large conspiracy along the way.
338 ::: "The Orphans: Facility" (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: The series follows Baz Gilrai in its first major posting: installing a new Reasoning Unit on the remote cloning facility. Only A.I.S Geofrey and Stella for the company, Baz must struggle to keep his mission and complete his mission - a simple assignment until things become bad.
339 ::: "The Big Pull" (1962) ::: sci-fi ::: The big pull starts quietly, as all the good SFs do, as a great scientific triumph for men in space successfully returns home. Soon, however, things are confused when the astronauts disappear. They disappear in pairs, but then one returns with aspects of both themselves and the couple. Over time, they go through this process and realize that every time it happens, the number of victims doubles what time between events half. In the end, the original victim (s) explains what is happening. It is part of a great cosmic battle between two factions called Joutous (?) And Eurotous (?), With the process being prepared on Earth to be adsorbed in one of the space factions. The last thing to see are the dead and panic of our character all over the world. This was produced during the Cold War, so the analogy between the USSR and the United States is obvious - at least it is. This is one of the big "lost gems" of television science fiction. He managed to stay in my mind as it was first aired in the early 1960s.
340 ::: "Starhunter Transformation" (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: Starhunter continues to change the adventures of change, Dante and Percy Montana, which is a politically complex and diverse environment of the fixed world and interplander bount up in a politically complex and diverse environ ) Is. They do a luxury liner (trans-yutopian, affectionately "tulip") retrofit (cheaply) with a remnant of a time for the work of a bouquet-shikar work. This is the third season of the Starhunter series and 13 years after the end of season two (Starhunter 2300), this time, however, we all start working inside the restless patches of foreign genes, ("divinity cluster"). And causing havoc on civilization.
341 ::: Hobgoblin (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The group of wars and magicians of the Nazi Loves Na Na Na Na Na Na The Blast Kids From Yesterday The Blast Kids From Yesterday and Adolph Hitler and its team. At the time of the WW2, will be central appearance of civilian people use those who use them to do something.
342 ::: Death Force (2009) ::: sci-fi ::: Located in a postpocalypse of hyperreality, Death Force counts the trip of Tracey Liddell, former Majestic twelve agent and their struggle to recover and transport the project: Darkforest. The red king has sent his most lethal agents, the Hydra, the Cerberus and the hung man, to recover his property of Tracey, also known as Chimera.
343 ::: Robot Holocaust (1986) ::: sci-fi ::: Neo, a vagram of the moors, arrives with his Klutzy Robot Sidekick in a factory where slaves work to feed the sinister power plant by One Dark One. There, he meets a good woman who convinces him to help rescue his father Scientist, who has invented a device that can break dark control over slaves. Gathering a team of allies of allies along the way, Neo and Pals travel to the power plant, where they face the evil servants of the dark.
344 ::: Osa (1986) ::: sci-fi ::: In the future society where water is a precious resource, a barbaric gang kills the family of a young girl. He is taken by a person named Topper, who teaches him how to fight, kill and survive. When she becomes very old for herself, she goes out in search of a gang that kills her family.
345 ::: Total Force (1996) ::: sci-fi ::: In an attempt to revolutionize the battle, the crazy of billion dollars of weapons manufacturer .No DR .. Edmund Wellington, a space-based laser mind-control device, is called "The Neurolator". Killer like mad, zombie that explodes after their utility. After rejecting their discovery by the Pentagon for clear reasons, the corrupt Dr. Stop it.
346 ::: "Sons of the Universe" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: When two worlds collide, three prophetic brothers are born to balance the world, come together to reunite their families to save the universe. Kai, born and raised by his single mother; And not aware of his destination, is trapped between these worlds where he learns from his newly found forces and his newly found brothers, Avery and Micah. Now these brothers have to solve the mystery of their individual past and receive their destination before the bad mistress Jayde teases their home.
347 ::: The Stairwell (2007) ::: sci-fi ::: Stayfell is a study of a modern corporate caste system that studies a modern corporate caste system, which are made in the work of the computer, which appears the main sackure of their computer. Then when chaos elevator is relieved of fireworks and when you know about the death of Richard (CEO) and the news. Everything should be kept in office, helper, and Brian should overcome the laws of society and to have a passion for self-interest and to have a passion for herself.
348 ::: The Last Day of Creation (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Steve Millions of years traveling to change the man's history in the US interest. Not only travel is another ticket, the most natural thing to make the nature of the fact that we understand it in SMTHIRNNS.
349 ::: Bar Star City (????) ::: sci-fi ::: A charmed old bar owner discovers that his modest Southside Chicago Watering Hole is at home for galactic phenomena. The extraordinary customers find it difficult to switch when the timepiece that controls the portal falls into the wrong hands.
350 ::: "Enormous" (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In the middle of a planetary crisis for food and fuel, a vast ecological cataclysm has shown massive animals unlike something ever. Displaced from the food chain, humanity struggles to stop sunset after the monstrous run. In the middle of the ashes of the world's largest cities, search and rescue teams come into the remains in the hope of finding orphaned children from cataclysm. But not the remaining humans think the same way, and in a world dominated by monsters, man is still the most dangerous animal of all-looking for shelter.
351 ::: Spirits of Xanadu (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: On the farthest edge of the discovered universe, the research ship Xanadu slipped into the orbit around a mysterious planet. His systems are active but there is no message from his crew for months. Now a lonely operative has been sent to awaken Xanadu and bring his house to Earth.
352 ::: Halo 5: Guardians (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: When UNSC cannot trace the most valued asset (Spartan 117: Master Chief), they send a very trained soldier (agent Locke) to restore it. The master chief is looking for something very important and will not allow anything to stay on his way, while agent Locke has pledged to support justice and shoot for the truth. As these two titans fight their path through the predecessor and the Covenant forces, the fate of the universe depends again in balance.
353 ::: Starship Valiant: The Ties That Bind (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: When a new threat to the stability of the Federation arises, newly promoted Captain Jackson Kelham Bishop commanded the newly rebeled USS valiant to unravel and bring the order to the area, but this enemy tested as no one.
354 ::: Nightmare Alley (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: The Allied world believed that victory was for him, and he settled in this way - with the surrender of German and then bombs in Japan, their invasion was safe or so they thought !!. The main error made by the allies at the end of the war was that they spent the way in the boxes and the time to search for elite soldiers in Hiltter and theft of German technology before the Russians advance. Missing Obergruppehreer Hans Kammler, the so -called fatal suicide on May 9, 1945, through many witnesses who confirmed his body, then he also said rumors, he was arrested by the American forces, again, if the wonderful women are true, they executed the man The error. Kammler fled on his personal plane, Junker Ju-390V1 with the real LuffWaffe commander, the General field Marshall Robert River von Grimm, was captured by the United States in Austria, and during prison in Sazburg sixteen days later, was killed by A Spy, and made to look like Suicide, before the United States was able to discover that the real generalfieldmarshell Greim was not. They disappeared to South America with a third of the real scientists behind German weapons and technology to join other scientists and engineers who are still building secret Hitler's weapons, in the depths of a hidden base somewhere in South America, which it did not touch, and it is a sign of the allies not an idea of ​​its existence, Al Qaeda continued to work and train elite forces at an accelerated rate. With the deep hidden base underground and is well provided during the war. With fifty thousand strong soldiers and pilots, their families lived in secret. They have worked hard for two years, unaware of anyone in the outside world, but some spies, not to mention the allies, are now ready, leaving from inside the ground with a plane and lonely metaphor with a fire force of four outlets of unity, to strike a heavy blow to their enemies. The allies are not prepared and unaccounted for instant land, as the Germans and Japanese soon regained their countries and many other countries in this process.
355 ::: Peril from the Planet Mongo (1966) ::: sci-fi ::: Flash, Dale and Zarkov Rocket from Earth to Mongo at the request of Prince Barin of Arboria, because their enemy Ming is the merciless weather active in the pursuit of conquest of the universe. Ming has developed inferno-producing suntranillium projectiles that he first intends to use to conquer Arboria. After he had pulled his daughter Aura, now the wife of Barin, to his castle from Arboria with the help of the treacherous lady Sonja, Ming is preparing to launch his attack, while Barin's scientist Keedish develops an agent who develops an agent that suntranillium will deaf. But after an apparent success in thwarts Ming, Flash Dale finds too receptive to the Palace of Ming through Devil's means ...
356 ::: Kidou senshi Gandamu: The Origin III - Akatsuki no houki (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Literary age 0074. After leaving the Texas colony, EDOUDHAS CHANCE writes to Char Char Charchale Viks arrest at Zeon Military Academy in the Causive Military Academy. He is a friendly relationship with his classmate garma, Zabi's family. Gradually surprise two students. Then, in the universal century, students lifted up with their hands and start fighting for independence against the security forces on earth. This rebellion celebrates the start of a wonderful revenge scenario of the contract ... Now historical crops are turned!
357 ::: 51 the Movie (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In the winter of 2009, 5 college students from Las Vegas were shot UFO documentary as a class project. They traveled to the renowned area 51 government installation in the north of 136 miles and started what they thought was a fun project. After seeing many incredible events, students realized that they did not want to know people.
358 ::: "Dark Day" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: In a post -apocalyptic, dystopian future, a demon masked as a member of high society must be released from the vengeful curse of God - what forcibly forces him in the role of a hero. Henry cabbage, the demon in question, has hidden from the eyes of the wardens (a group of highly trained personalities who track demons until their death) and vigilant demons. His lust of blood brings him to unintentional exposure when two possible hunters of demons, Calvin Shaw and Ian How, are aimed at the true nature of Henry. Calvin and Ian are investigating Henry quietly without knowing that Henry watches them every step along the way and waits for them to strike. Calvin and Ian put a trap for Henry, which is retreating; Ian was killed and Calvin barely escaped his life. Henry, however, was captured by a mysterious being and brought to unknown places. Calvin, with the help of Ian's wealthy and influential family, must find the location of Henry cabbage and the exact justice. He realizes a little that the world is about to enter a state of war, as the sleeping enemies of the many hidden demons in the world are slowly revealing.
359 ::: S.O.L.I.I.D (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: Hong Kong, 2035 H just arrived in Hong Kong by business. His life suddenly engages dark when a stranger who tightly slides a mysterious object into his pocket and dies in his hands. Later, the businessman will learn from ylvie - a young woman as sexy as he is dangerous - that the mysterious object called "S.O.L.I.I.D" is a cure for a terrible threat to humanity. H and ylvie should find a way to activate S.O.L.I.I.D. God made the world after 7 days; They have 7 hours to save it!
360 ::: The Magnetic Monster (1953) ::: sci-fi ::: OSI For operating, Scientific Investigation Office Fiss, A-Man agent Jeffrey Stewart and his partner Dan Forbes are sent to the local hardware store where they find that every metal metal item in a strong magnetic field is magnetized. Further investigations, they finally find the source of magnetism in the airborne flight carrying the unique Howard Danker, which now dies with radiation poisoning, who has created a new radioactive element with it on which he with alpha particles for 200 hours. Has bombed. The element called 'Serenium' grows geometrically by creating an object from the energe of the energy that absorbs its surrounding metal objects. Stuart calculates that if the object does not soon be destroyed or that it may have grown up to throw the earth from its orbit within 24 hours. With the discovery of nuclear power, the government has established a special group, a variety. Annik investigation or OSI to focus on strange events. Those who work there are referred to as A-Men (in an atom) and when the local device store owner feels that all their products have become very magnetic. Vijay Scientists are amazed but their investigation leads them to a Vijay .This who have discovered a new element of tremendous power. Unless they can find a way to stop its growth, it will destroy the earth.
361 ::: Space Pirates (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: In a galaxy, a group of foreigners is sent on a secret mission to save their planet from a black hole, when they reach their destination, a asteroid collides with their bowl, causing the crew to be destroyed on the ground. Foreigners live without discovering for three decades until one day. An old man and his dog find their home and take their book. Their only chance to return home lies within the book, but foreigners cannot read. With the help of two friends, they read the book and find a legendary treasure map. Will they withdraw the theft? Can they fix their ship, download space pirates and save the galaxy? All this while the agency is looking for the dropped ship.
362 ::: Extermination (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: Imagine a doctor. Next, we will give pacifism, fear, and regret. The doctor is dead in Morbius Trap. However, returning to Gallifrey, mysterious engineers are trying to create new versions of doctors using ancient Time Lord Technology. But we don't always have the same ethics. This man uses his worst enemy trust in one of the larger schemes for operations, weapons, forbidden secret sharing, and even greater benefits.
363 ::: Reckless (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: In the near future, Easttros Angeles is an island, and Ghetto, which has been sealed from the world, is built by the moral and financially broken US government built to contain the violence of the cartel in the city of the city. It has a concrete wall. 。 Now, his man (reckless) and a former criminal agent's agent, is on the street to find a way to protect the citizens on the "bad story" on the wall. You have to fight the war in.
364 ::: "The Mechanical Detective" (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: Artemis Blackth Orn Ran is cyberetically-relevant detective in the Steampunk Universe, inadvertently in the battle of existence against dedicated diabetes to capture or kill it. Decide to find out why it is hunted, Artemis and his best friend, Leopold Wonstern, finds a way to defeat both a mad man to destroy.
365 ::: Shani (1989) ::: sci-fi ::: A glowing spacecraft arriving in the middle of the forest near a village in Pakistan and a glowing figure appears and follows a terrified girl and assumes the appearance of a young man who happens to see in a framed photo. He is welcomed by the villagers and especially from Hina because of his new appearance of Shaani, but they know nothing about reality.
366 ::: The Amazing Colossal Woman (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: The doctor use haler is angry that is very angry. Her anger registers with flight sausour insulting people. The stranger is to decide that he is the ideal matter for the experience. Strong size and its gangrtata names using this advanced technology torture! Now contains significant power, Garganta starts storm through the city in search of his throat husband. Everything or someone stands up on her way to be a slow of slow. Awesome Classley woman is micros for skipoy Monster movies about a smooth. Expressed on the ACCox "Gianten Elements Based on Character Canka ... Of the BUEREPPENDED PINSER, Nutrly Army in New Show News. It in the Filmed in unhappiency, which color is angry in the rise of the driver. The doctor using the fly sauce. The stranger of the fly. The stranger Is to decide that he is a ideal matter for the experience. The use of this advanced technological muscles are growing to a very large amount of female size and her gangneta names.
367 ::: Red Faction: Origins (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: In a March colony in 2145, an officer in a rebel militia reveals that his sister, who was abducted a dozen years ago, is still alive and has grown as a soldier whose purpose is to bring about destruction of faction of her brother ,. After 200 years of tyranny in March, the EDF (Earth Protection Force) has been defeated by the Red Faction of the Alliance formed by colonies with Marauders led by Alec Mason. However, the alliance was broken when Alex Sam's wife and his daughter Lyra were killed by the marauders. However, his ten -year -old son Jake claims that white soldiers have killed his mother. In the present days, Jake Mason is a soldier from the red faction and Alec is a drunk problem. Jake is assigned to attract Edf Battleship Hydra technology will collapse in a neutral area with tess. However, he discovers that white soldiers have arrived first and they receive hydra. Jake attacks one of the soldiers and reveals that she is his sister Lyra. When he returns to the colony, no one believes in his words.
368 ::: Battle: New York, Day 2 (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: Laura Sommer's therapy to hear voices in her head is interrupted when New York is shaken by an extraterrestrial invasion. Laura is eliminated and wakes up in a city in which the population has been reduced. The only ones who have kept their humanity are those who have imbalances in brain chemistry. Laura must fight zombies to reach the alpha, but the voices in her head strengthen.
369 ::: Perdition City (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Detective Vince only "Semetery" - "Semetery" - "Semeter" - supernatural, zombies, zombies-shaped and zombie-shaped creatures to stop bonite seminar to make a zompe apocalypse.
370 ::: Star Trek Equinox: The Night of Time (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Payment of Captain Rudy for Captain Rudy, including Captain Rudy, including Captain Rudy, including Captain Rudy, after the deletion of the US enempox (2393), is a crushing crime for crimes, including crutoppan space and in the crushing space. crew members. Captain payment is very low, but less likely to return to Alfa Quadrant to a less than 30.000 discounts.
371 ::: Paradox Alice (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: In the near future, a team is sent to a dangerous mission to go to Europa so that the water returns to the dead earth. Their operation is unexpectedly messed up, endangering not only the lives of the people on the board, but also on the earth, resulting in a potentially extinct of the human race. This movie starts with a rational plot, but as things continue, they get the widar. I call the middle part of the movie, the situation takes a degree of more or less expected event. On the end, the situation is not ideal, but still a little hope of the good end. At the last minute of the film, everything goes completely vaccine and ends with Audio Dio and Visuals with a few seconds of difficult or impossible to understand. In my opinion a very unsatisfactory end. Overall I do not recommend this movie because it has no redemption value too low and nothing can be said other than a horror movie in the preceding. I am very sorry that I bought a movie from iTunes.
372 ::: Journey to the Center of Time (1967) ::: sci-fi ::: Gruff, hard nose new chief Stanton takes on a research company at the death of his benevolent father. Scientists Manning, Gordon and White, who are very close to a break in time, have been told by Stanton that they should have results for 24 hours or face shortening. Trying to push their equipment along its safe operating limit, they travel in the distant and distant past, with Stanton being a casual participant, without knowing that they are surprised to expect them as they struggle to return to the present.
373 ::: Criteria One (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: The Prize Wins Visitor Dellon D. Baseteet comes from the ordinary abduction, mind control, redemption and madness and madness. When the Pop Star team take the first woman in a camping journey, not expected in a scary match, stopped and looked up by the collector's old visitor. This odd creature has grown in many milelin male / female misguided to control - he doesn't know that to go home. As caught up, a control game begins - can work the cradle to save her love? The characteristics of photography and healthy character, this challenge and beautiful film provides a particular view. The standards are one of the time that is about many contradictory feelings that connect to our lovedness. Emotions that may not go beyond our home planet, go to the stars. The Prize Wins Visitor Dellon D. Baseteet comes from the ordinary abduction, mind control, redemption and madness and madness. When the Pop Star team take the first woman in a camping journey, not expected in a scary match, stopped and looked up by the collector's old visitor. This odd creature has grown in many milelin male / female misguided to control - he doesn't know that to go home. As caught up, a control game begins - can work the cradle to save her love? The characteristics of photography and healthy character, this challenge and beautiful film provides a particular view. The standards are one of the time that is about many contradictory feelings that connect to our lovedness. Emotions that may not go beyond our home planet, go to the stars.
374 ::: "Ghost Whisperer: The Other Side" (2007) ::: sci-fi ::: Ghost Whisper: On the other hand (www.cbs.com/innertube) a new episode of this Pay Neline Companion series for CBS's hit Ghost Whisper Debut every Friday. Zache, on the other hand, discovers the world of the soul from the perspective of the soul, which he finds the answers about his death, he meets the ghost who teaches him how to intersect with the land of the living. With Matthew Allen Danny, Matthew Alan, Mark Hepka Stars, friend Zach is responsible for his death; Robin Hins as Sarah, Zach's teacher in Spirit World; Rapper DNA as Sam, Zach's Spirit Buddy; Graham m t Qtavish as shadow spirit, ghosts from the dark side; And Zach's girlfriend Katie fashion model Taylor. Zach Ghost will look at the end of the whisperer's next second season.
375 ::: "The Timeline Shifter: Temporal Outlaws" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: It is the dawn of the third millennium. The feat of time trip is finally achieved, and its consequences are quickly discovered. Therefore, the United States creates a new government agency: the Federal Office of Temporary Threat frustrating. One hundred years later, a rogue F.B.I. The agent is running over time. Falls to F.B.O.T. To tear it down, but is it your really wrong cause? Produced by the Create4u youth group, "The Timeline Shifter" gives it a peak in the future, where the public's time trip is retained, and very different opinions on how to use it better. Maduro with humorous characters, science fiction action and mysteries of the dozen, "The Timeline Shifter" is an adventure full of satire that anyone can enjoy.
376 ::: "Ellipses" (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: When Dot, a science fleece and a modern crazy scientist, discovered the secret of the time travel, she is enthusiastic. When her friend ends with her, she was destroyed. And if she tries to use the former to repair the latter, well. Then things get complicated.
377 ::: Halo 5: Guardians (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: If the United Nations cannot control the most valuable asset (Spartan 117: Master), they send a highly trained Oni Sandier (Agent Lock) to return it. The chief of the master is looking for something very important and there is nothing in his way, and the agent vowed to longer justice and the truth. Because these two titans were fighting for preliminary and harmony, the fate of the world hangs again in balance.
378 ::: Paradox Alice (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: In the near future, a team will be sent to Europe to recover and restore water to a dying land. Their operations are unexpectedly unpleasant, and not only the lives of those on the plane but also endangered on the ground and lead to possible extinction of the human race. The film begins with a good enough design, but as they continue, they gradually become stunned. In what I call the middle part of the film, things are more or less expected. In the end, things are not ideal, but there is still hope for a good end. At the last moment of the movie, everything goes completely and ends with a few seconds difficult or impossible to understand audio and video. I think the end is very unhappy. In general, I do not recommend this movie because it is not very low in redemption and can be called a scary film in the past. I am very sorry to buy the movie from iTunes.
379 ::: S.O.L.I.I.D (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: Hong Kong, 2035 H just arrived in Hong Kong by business. His life suddenly engages dark when a stranger who tightly slides a mysterious object into his pocket and dies in his hands. Later, the businessman will learn from ylvie - a young woman as sexy as he is dangerous - that the mysterious object called "S.O.L.I.I.D" is a cure for a terrible threat to humanity. H and ylvie should find a way to activate S.O.L.I.I.D. God made the world after 7 days; They have 7 hours to save it!
380 ::: Device (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In a dystopian world where the streets are ruled by the mysterious drug that is known as 'Glow', Walter's brother Eugene appears unexpectedly on his door with an invention, allowing him to erase near the short term of people. While experimenting and testing the boundaries of his new device, Eugene has to put his love for glow aside, his unanswered love for the beautiful Sheena, while he has put a prize on his head of the Meyers gang.
381 ::: Dead Americans (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: Consumed by rage after losing his wife on September 11, Michael Penn (Ken Collins) is being laid in the army with an obsession with revenge on the battlefield. Penn soon integrates into a deadly black project designed to generate the ultimate assassin. Renowned: "Sandman", Penn and Sleeper-Killers as he finds themselves in a brutal game in the streets of America where they can leave the picture at any time. Jay Hewlett performs a captivating performance as Malcolm, the agent NSA responsible for eliminating the problem before the embarrassing details were exposed. The "dead Americans" are a provocative thriller which is as exciting as we do in time. There is no margin of error for Penn and the others as they discover, that when your time arrives, it is not death, it is deactivation.
382 ::: The Man with the Golden Hand (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: When the world is owned by a single corporation curved to control the universe, a man is sent on time to stop it. But he does not remember why, or who he is. He only knows that he should be important and he has a golden hand of talk that keeps him alive ...
383 ::: Flashout (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: Flashout (90 minutes) Overview: Inside the habitat of the universe in the universe, three young women play an intermate in a blind datary game to experience flashout euphoria. Unexpectedly, they notice that they are trapped on the earth in search of missing players in their games. They encounter a vulnerable person to joggers, lockers, bikers, exploitation of escort services, supervisors of radio telescopes, and other EC flashouts. Meanwhile, they are pursued by the troublesome repairer, which is allocated to sealing holes between reality before the polygon universe is changed forever.
384 ::: Regrets of the Past (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: The short film "Nreat of the Past" project was achieved by a team of local movie makers whose goal was to create a high -quality science fiction movie in Austria, based in the world of stars. The crew has focused hard on the visual language of the film, which tries to adhere to the largest possible amount of an original trilogy developed by George Lucas in the 1970s. The story was appointed after the events that led to the beginning of the galaxy empire (Star War - Third Episode) and followed the fate of two fugitive knights. It is followed by a bonus hunter, Bash Sollen and Padawan Kaila Dain on a far factory and facing their past. The main filming was made in Austria from 2013 to 2015, followed by one year of post -production. The crew of 150 professionals working in the Austrian film industry consists of the project in their spare time.
385 ::: The Utilizer (1996) ::: sci-fi ::: The user-a car that gives the wishes, travels from the future to go down to the Collins Seed apartment. His lucky vacation fulfills his greed -driven vision for magnificent wealth and power. But someone is after use, and for a very good reason.
386 ::: Flight to Mars (1951) ::: sci-fi ::: A journalist and a group of scientists fly a rocket to Mars just to discover that the Martians look exactly like us. Mars is staying in one of its natural resources (Corium), and plans to steal the rocket of earth astronauts and conquer the earth. The Martian subway helps earthquakes to stop the insidious plan. A space boat that transports four scientists and a news reporter providing on the planet Mars and discovers signs of an underground civilization. They are received by their seemingly friendly population and feel welcome while repairing their ship for the Voyage Home. Dr. Jim Barker, the leader of the expedition, falls in love with the beautiful Alita, daughter of Tillamar, an influential member of the Martian Governing Council and finds out that Ikron, the council militant leader, plans to use the ship repaired for Invade the Earth. Natural resources on Mars are decreasing and, unless Martians can be recolored on earth, their civilization is convicted. Barker hides his knowledge of the council's plans attempts to complete the repair work earlier than expected, so his party, along with Alia, can return to Earth without betraying his plans to Ikron.
387 ::: Bigfoot's Wild Weekend (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: The tabloid reporter will be a beer, bikinis, and frightened the wild party you met in this comedy recently when you studied in a large rash. Harlan James (Chase Carter) doesn't believe in Bigfoot. When he went to the woods, he decided to rule out that he has it and start an interview with the Witnesses. For Harlan's surprise, love for beautiful women with a beer taste, but have a beer taste, but have a beer taste. Unfortunately, for a fun loving creature, a cable roast can be a big log than a cheneli die (Ron Blackwell) and some injured valleys and even the affected hunters. Now, with hardity, harlana peaks (David Novak) and with cute TV reporters (Nicole Persia) (Nicole Persia), this will protect only animals that wants party.
388 ::: "Tailed" (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: A futuristic scientific fiction adventure in which an alien race of reptiralal forms of shape invades the ground. Follow Martin and Corey, as they desperately find there by fraud and illusion to find their baby, which is abducted by an evil extraterrestrial tyrant.
389 ::: Enjoy Your Trip to Hell (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: Not long ago the people of an unnamed country were involved in a civil war. Following the armistice, both sides noted hundreds of bodies that were not counted. When we look from their land, a place was discovered where men will disappear from sight. Those who returned talked about an area regulated by cruel logic. This place, dubbed the Ulterior, closed and guard was placed in its entry. The Curies have found their way to its borders by believing that it has healing properties and that it can restore life and the dead.
390 ::: Encarta IV: Dark Hope (2008) ::: sci-fi ::: Their presence is sad in endless disorder in space (rupture from 'condemned'; The staff of the Startship Encorta must stop a creature from being persistent. Encorta staff with countless civilizations in accident ...
391 ::: Cocoon (1985) ::: sci-fi ::: A group of aliens return to the ground to extract cocules containing the people who have left off from a more early trip. These cocoons had died at the bottom of the ocean. After they removed, they stored these restored cocoons in the pool of a house they had hired in a small town in Florida. Their mission is prevented by a number of elderly people from a nearby pension community who secretly used the pool and who discover unusual forces of these cocoons. The Oscar -winning fantasy, in which the residents of the Florida House in Florida receive a new leasing of life when they come across an extraterrestrial "fountain of youth" in a discarded holiday home. Despite them, aliens use the pool in the house to store their brothers with cocoons, giving the waters a powerful, rejuvenating quality. Meet the art, Ben and Joe. Three simple, aging elderly citizens who like to swim in an unsuccessful swimming pool in the neighborhood of old people at home they live in. So one day, as they swim, they feel energized and "ready to take over the world!" What they do not know is that the pool has recently been hired by four alien antareans living incognito as humans. The art, Ben, Joe and their friends soon discovered this and suggest helping the Antares return the cocoons back to Antarea; And as a reward, they are offered something unusually magnificent.
392 ::: 2059 Chronicles of a Legend (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: In 2059, the world was hardly destroyed by humanity. Politicians have pushed climate change as the world's biggest enemy, but they were wrong. Special agent, geneticist and Viper-J4x with a computer that is almost a human being caught in a deadly game with the government.
393 ::: Alien Game (2007) ::: sci-fi ::: Eight young people are selected from a mysterious website for games that promise the winner to meet a real alien meeting. They meet, solve the first clues, and head to the wilderness. Around the campfire on the first night, they play a game that tells each other how they are most afraid of dying. After that, one by one disappears, fearing to die. But the body is not found. The remaining contestants have noticed that they are being tested, but for what purpose and who? In the end, only Jody remains. Although she is alone, she is driven by her hunger to know the truth, finds the essence of the "game".
394 ::: Virgin Hunters 3: Agents of Passion (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: After the sexual liberation of the Earth, Trina Femaalien was asked to return and educate innocent masses in the ways of meat pleasures. Acknowledging the role of the erotic ambassador, Trina commands the newly formed Bureau of the Virgin Affairs. With her two nubila assistants, she investigates developing sexual behavior: the more deviant, the better. Also, it has a magic bed that allows you to see people doing it. With a home full of advanced toys of foreign sex and a underlined pair that want to get under things (like one -other), it must be sperm as the surprise that Trina has taken a lot of work in her hands too adhesive. So, the belt inside and belt for a steam adventure of all girls. A horny humanity depends on balance.
395 ::: Sorades - Die Befreiung (2006) ::: sci-fi ::: Sorades is a game of real -time award winning strategy, originally issued in 2006 as Freeware. A commercial version of the game (version 1.3) was released in 2008. In the campaign mode, the player takes on the role of a general who has to defend the planet against a foreign species. The clashes in which the player can take control of people or strangers are also available. The game won the Gamesload Newcomer award in German of German Games developers 2006.
396 ::: Lost in the Pinelands (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: An alien invasion reaches the earth represented as a mysterious force. This extraterrestrial entity is looking for its first victim. Years later, an excursion to Pinelands, New Jersey, goes wrong because the entity is hunting in the forest, is forming an army of kidnapped children that will seize the world.
397 ::: "Chronos" (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: Cronos is a compilation series, where every episode takes the view of a different character. The series is set in a world of time traveling in the form of natural disasters known as "Time Storms". These storms are completely random and cannot be blocked or controlled. People in this world have to deal with the next confusion, as they will fly back and forth through time. Government agencies try to maintain the order and prevent the spread of alternative timelines, while others try to change history for their own artificial purposes.
398 ::: Mystic (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: A private technology company steals foreign technology from a UFO collision. Six years later, they develop a prototype ship that can travel at the speed of light. But unknown to them, a stranger who survived the clash throughout those years ago is running home using the new ship and her astronaut's body.
399 ::: "The Away Mission" (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: Standardly, with the execution of Mill Survey Mission, the red and red 2 of the Cru Manred are tragic for forgetting very dull, very uninterested aliens. They need to just find a way to spend time.
400 ::: The Last Dimensionlord (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: The last dimension is the SCI Fi / Comedy. It says the story of Jones is dropped in the world he had nothing. He will travel in staff looking for a long lost father to find the truth about self and her heritage.
401 ::: Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: Thousands of giant insects and aliens once again devastate the Earth, and only the Earth's Defense Force can stop them. Defends the city of New Detroit against a larger and badly infestation than ever. It destroys these monsters at all costs, even if that means converting whole city blockages into debris.
402 ::: Anonymous: Street Meat (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: Sci-fi. Set in the psychiatrist's office, Dr. Wolf (interpreted by Ruben Rabasa), is talking to an accessibility accumulator (AA) suspected of being a prostitute, Megan McPherson (performed by Josie Martineaux). The name of the AA is anonymous, because the corporations they control-the banks and pharmaceuticals have stolen its identity and assigned it a number. "Anonymous (street meat)" is what people are done when they drink hellsy sip and lose their identity to a small caste of people who see access to the ultimate source of knowledge, and the rest of -Mumanity simply tools in their vast schemes. The future may be a digitally charged version of the distant past: ancient Egypt multiplied by the power of Facebook.
403 ::: Dark Watchers: The Women in Black (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: You can see more and more every day. People are losing time in globy, friends and loved ones are lost, and men are going on forever in black. In a sleeping seaweed, three women are interested in seeing the sky in the sky. Every day they leave up to one day, they leave until they lose 4 hours from their lives. They need to understand their UFO and open the world where they could not imagine them, black and black and black people. Face face-to-face is unknown, they begin to understand that they had a strong impact on their meetings. To do bad things, they begin to influence something amazing but fearful - their worst nights. Be careful with the dark observers.
404 ::: Big Sister 2000 (1995) ::: sci-fi ::: Julie -Stam is the tyrannical interrogator who orders the dark forces of the future. They kidnapped an innocent woman who is played by Heather Baker (RAW Energy) and her slave in an invincible steel fort. Forced to endure spiritual torments, she becomes friends with the other female prisoners who commit unspeakable actions to survive. Led by a mysterious spirit of a woman who is only known as a big sister, the prisoners find their inner strengths and the insurmountable opportunities come.
405 ::: The Indestructible Spider-Man (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Peter Parker is a normal teenage boy in school, but not good in making friends. One day, Peter is invited to a penetration into the ARCHNIDS Museum. While the spider incursion crawls on its bag, as soon as it arrives at home, the spider bites it. Uncle Ben dies and then turns Peter into a spider man. Soon after, Norman makes the poison project, a needle for cancer treatment. But it is not over, it needs radioactive spider. Once discovered that the spider was stolen, Norman tries to do so outside the spider. But he does not become healthier, he immediately gets sick that he did not choose only one, to become a green pipe.
406 ::: Remora (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In the dying planet, under a thick ice shell, a massive submarine city travels across the pan-oishan. Its citizens prepare themselves for the new world for Exodus. The ratio, the ocean driller, uncover the plan to sacrifice the first vessels, which crack the ice shell so that only the ship carrying the nobility of the society can pass through it. After the accusation of being a traitor, Lania saved the ratio. She is committed to the earth, belonging to the community of expulsion hidden inside her volcano. The ratio and the Lania Galaxy tries to attach to the earth-bound-bearing ship like a remora to escape the ice world to escape the ice world, looking for their destiny at the opposite end: only a small blue planet and only one satellite, where the dinosaurs are still there.
407 ::: Il pianeta degli uomini spenti (1961) ::: sci-fi ::: A lost planet on a collision course with the earth takes a job around our blue marble instead. What seems like a dead planet suddenly launches a fleet of flying dishes that attack our space flights. Men and women in rocket vessels near Mars Panting "Inverting ... Course ... 180 ... degrees ..." in high-bee maneuvers. In the meantime, the unusual scientist (Claude Rains) calls to the lab jackets who have invaded his greenhouse (where he spends his time taking care of flowers and scribbling math in chalk on the pots): "Back your crazy! I have one advantage above You all! Calculus! "Sinus waves and music are eventually used to talk to" The Outsider ".
408 ::: "Improbabilia" (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: Office Fissure Worker Hull Norman, every day is the same and reality may not be more boring. When he loses his job and finds himself in Debt, he has decided to go for a paid medical test to make some easy money ... or so he thinks. Suddenly he became his world's side, because he develops strange abilities, targeting him for shadow forces, until he gets a safe shelter in the hidden district of Impobbilia. Yes, Joining others like him, should either choose to flee or stay stand in front of them ... but is all this just a drug-induced illusion?
409 ::: The Shriven (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: Ben has always been troubleshooting from the battle of self-killer. Now they are worse and does not know - until he meets Nina, a beautiful woman with the secret of the night he can change the demonic threat to wicked demons like the poisonous spirits. He reveals Ben, revealing, and who was not careless and would be his wife. But, Ben was discouraged when he learned that the watches would only live for life.
410 ::: Project Aether (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: The family ties of an American writer are related to an experiment from the late 1950s, resulting in a high disturbing level of an old wooded house to which they move on the banks of a lazy swamp. A government conspiracy is connected to the disappearance of key people who have a special connection with the beyond.
411 ::: "High Strangeness" (2020) ::: sci-fi ::: According to the actual scientific case cases, Dr. Barry Taf and his research team in the early 1970s of Los Angeles, which secretly examine extraordinary examples of supernatural phenomenon, often explored extravagant examples of supernatural phenomenon. Life -threatening.
412 ::: The Starlost: The Alien Oro (1980) ::: sci-fi ::: The ark is a huge spaceship that bears the surviving cultures of a long dead earth. The cultures live in 50 miles and quit the existence of the others for the most part. The three main characters accidentally escape from their medieval farmers', discover that the crew of the ark is dead for a long time and the ship is grateful. You wander through the ship and its domes and seek help to regain control over the fate of the ship and humanity. The original starlost TV series was broadcast in 1973 by CTV. In 1980 a set of 5 60-minute compilation films was published. This was made from two episodes of Walter Koenig's guest as Alien Oro, who tries to get control of the massive ark for his own breed.
413 ::: Atomic Night (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: Soon after a nuclear attack on Los Angeles, a group of survivors found a place for refugees in the desert on a small farm. Two days later and finally felt that they had found safety, a driver lower than Cadillac Coupe de Ville came to the farm circle and killed anyone trying to leave.
414 ::: Tomorrowless (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The year is 2188 and our post-epocaliptic world is moving out of the wind. We have poisoned our planet and have killed every other survival including our forests. The world is not the same as we know it in the 21st century and now there are no boundaries and any country. There is a large state with many regions that know as World Health Government (WHG).
415 ::: Judge Dredd (1997) ::: sci-fi ::: In the 22nd century, the Earth's population is concentrated in broad urban areas where crime goes rampant. Police, juries and trials do not exist, there are only judges. Their only task is to bring justice, and their only weapon is the legislator, a weapon that can fire armor, heat search and high explosive rounds. In this gloomy future, the Bean technology judge has escaped from prison and is out of retaliation. The only person who can stop him is the man who removed him, Judge Dedd. Connect a light weapon and travel across 16 levels of the city fighting the androids of Bean while Dredd prepares the delivery of the final sentence, a death sentence. To make the task a little easier, energy raising like fast fire is distributed across levels. Play Dredd Judge and help him execute the law.
416 ::: Project Abaddon: Rise of the Destroyer (????) ::: sci-fi ::: An interlocking archaeologist -discoverer who was determined to find the truth about his father's disappearance about 30 years ago, who was looking for an old artifact that has incredible power. He begins a journey that leads him to a ruthless gang of female mercenaries, which is guided by a Han-solo type that aims to achieve profit and prosperity in order to localize this "artifact" that his father as "project Abaddon "held. In the position of this "artefact", his father was supposedly and his colleague Dr. Carlton Dashira lost, obsessed with finding this old artifact. Now you have to learn who is on the side you are working to defend everyone in front of yourself and find a way to combine and protect billions from a foreign strength that destroy everything for one thing: exactly The artifact. The adventure begins on a star ship with a mercenary crew. If you meet you, you will either love them or drop them where they are without eye. It is a journey, not a goal that requires our diverse crew of outsiders, which like the great 7 -Meet's Battlestar Galactica meeting meets the drama of "24", which is thrown in for a good measure. This is not *Star Trek (TM) Žš, but a brand new story in our future and begins in the song dynasty of the 4th century, China. *The term, Star Trek, belongs to Paramount Studios/CBS Television and is in no way part of Project Abaddon. Star Trek is only used here as a reference.
417 ::: Alite (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: Alite is a fan of the classic elite of the 80s. More specifically, Alite focuses on the Amiga version. Order your COBRA spacecraft in a fantastic discovery, adventure and commerce trip, a supreme test of your combat, navigation and business skills. Trade between countless planets, using the product to equip your missile ship looking for heat, beam lasers and other weapons - business states can be approached with little risk, but anarchies unruly can swarm space pirates. There are a lot of bonuses to make for the daring pilot. Do you have it in you? Learn to control your cobra in a series of front -to -face lessons from renowned commander Quelo and take advantage of his vast experience. Do not forget: trading in the black market can be lucrative but can cause skirmishes with the local police and a price on your head! However, you earn your money, by fair means or means, you must explode through the annihilating space of pirate ships and hostile extraterrestrials while you strive to win your reputation as an elite!
418 ::: Pixel Theory (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: The program has changed everything. It rejected human creativity, questioned the free will and seems to be able to tear down the same walls of reason. The universal knowledge is now within reach, but is the human breed prepared? The pixel theory is a collaborative film that examines the effects that causes the appearance of the program from different points of view. This child prodigy raises inappropriate questions to mankind, and in the stories that form the film, the various directors will tell us his special vision of a world characterized by the existence of the program.
419 ::: Monongahela (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Kate Walsh is a journalist in Pittisburg in Pittisburg. The last day of your career begins with life change of life when he sees two researchers in the airport that are just on Pittsburgh in Pattburg.
420 ::: Defcon 5 (1995) ::: sci-fi ::: 2205 Anno Domini. You are a lonely cyberman and the last remaining hope for the human race. The sudden and mysterious death of your friend and colleague put you into a network of corporate and fraud. The key to survival lies in the depths of a remote station for the extraction of a deep space MRP6F, which after 200 years of peace is suddenly threatened by extraterrestrial pressure.
421 ::: Code 8 (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: In the world where "special" abilities are living in poverty, Connor Reed (Robbie Amel) is a powerful teenager who is struggling to pay for medical treatment of his sick mother. To make money, he joined the lucrative criminal world by Garrett (Stephen Amel), he works for the Drug Lord (Greg Brick).
422 ::: "Escape Velocity" (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: A young man leads a group of students in a scientific mission to become a control of the time cosmic continuum and become terrorists in the process. But when NASA receives a word about its activity and invites him to join their country to defeat the parasites that invade the earth, the group protects humanity, and their own life turns.
423 ::: Fallout Shelter (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: As a supervisor, you should expand and maintain your Qabwat by appointing your Qabwat residents to different resource rooms. Appointing residents to the correct rooms depending on their own statistics. Residents were sent to arid lands to water weapons to defend the enemies and uniforms to increase special statistics.
424 ::: Madrigal (2007) ::: sci-fi ::: "Not everything is what it looks like." This is the motto of the madrigal of Fernando Pérez, an esoteric fable built, in the first, around the love story of a beautiful overweight actor and a girl (has an eye for her, or for her swanky apartment ?) And, in the second part, telling the story of a futuristic novel that the player is writing (changing Havana in some dark courtyard Orgiaka with a Toni Noir of the film).
425 ::: The Time Travelers (1964) ::: sci-fi ::: In 1964, a team of scientists tries to develop a screen to appear to the future. Whatever they get, and they soon find themselves in 107 years when the portal falls on the other hand. The place of the future will soon be saved by a group of scientists who beat a spacecraft to beat their career and drag them to the latest planet. They know that most of the land has been destroyed as a result of a nuclear war. Visitors from the past cannot join the planned journey, they work hard to reconstruct the portal and return to their time until the date of departure. At the same time, there are always dangerous attacks of mutants, friendly relations and they know about life in the future, including the use of robots for tasks such as me.
426 ::: "Interster" (1983) ::: sci-fi ::: Along with the 2,500th anniversary, it works under the leadership of the trade company outside the city of the Agency. The land is spread out in Dr. Granema in the bitter intergragal fight against the residents of Dr. Government against Human-based and funded driving.
427 ::: The Photon Effect (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: During an incident with a freak involving an experimental microwave antenna, two tower engineers receive superhuman capabilities. While the forces they win are similar, the paths they decide to take are not. Derek Powers wants to use his abilities to help others and reveal the truth behind the Randall Communications Incorporated (RCI), the company that designs the antenna. Meanwhile, Jay Powers secretly becomes part of the experiments performed by RCI, whose leading scientist Tina Vikarini is Jay's former love interest. This series of events ultimately leads to the birth of a new superhero and superville.
428 ::: Untitled Sci-Fi/Horror Film (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: The group of friends is a depth of the woods and the mysterious sound.
429 ::: Invaders from Space (1965) ::: sci-fi ::: A group of Salamandar men, surrounded by Kulimon planet in a pomp Galaxy plan, when removing a deadly plague on mankind. It is dependent on the Valent Superhero Starman from the Emerald planet to save mankind before it is too late.
430 ::: Project Moon Base (1953) ::: sci-fi ::: In the not too distant future in 1970, the United States plans to build bases on the moon and send a colonel and two men to investigate. One of the men turns out to be a foreign spy, and the whole operation - and the future of the free world - is in danger.
431 ::: "Denji sentai Megarenjâ" (1997) ::: sci-fi ::: A government -named government agency created a video game to select five individuals with higher results that will stop a bad force known as Nejiirejia. One of the individuals with the highest score was the teenager Data Kenta. Unfortunately, ITet was forced to give Digitizers Kenta and his four friends after an attack from Nejiirejia on one of the offices
432 ::: Music of the Spheres (1984) ::: sci-fi ::: Located in the not too distant future, when the existing global economy has collapsed and the new urban countries are controlled by computers, many of which require a type of telepathic connection with a human counterpart. When the most important of these computers exhibits strange models during a decisive operation, his colleague, a top scientist named tune, begins to have mental experience. For a low -budget movie, a surprisingly deep exploration of emotions against logic and elusive search for truth.
433 ::: Attach (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Star athlete Daniel Townsend (Alex Russell) has undergone an experimental surgery that permanently adheres to his body after losing himself in a car accident. However, when he realizes that advanced intelligent prostheses may have their own destructive hearts, Daniel's rehabilitation immediately to save himself and everyone around him. It turns into a desperate battle.
434 ::: Journey to the Center of the Earth (1993) ::: sci-fi ::: Taking the title from Jules Verne's novel, the story takes the basic basis of the desire to travel to the center of the earth. Passengers, using their crafts, enter an active volcano and face a strange world filled with many creatures and all of this is a bad strength that controls.
435 ::: Dark Side of Heaven (2008) ::: sci-fi ::: A four-person crew, sent to bring back a mothballed ship parked on the back of Pluton, find themselves on their way to the edge of the universe. Captain from Sceptra, a crew from the Kraz genius boy, the hopeless negotiator, and the narcistic wasat, the Bismillah crew find themselves going into space in the tenth time of light. Unable to turn the Aound ship, they resign themselves to spend the rest of their lives on a pre-programmed ship to travel the thirteen billion years light needed to reach the end of the Univese. They quickly find themselves in contradiction with each other in a bad match that appeared to have been pre -programmed to fail.
436 ::: Dreamscape (2009) ::: sci-fi ::: A man who sees in emotion is part of Dreamscape Inc, supplier of electronic dreams and vivid fantasies. Transformed into an unstoppable messenger, enter a world of corporate espionage. Hunted by state agents and helped by unlikely allies, carry out its mission with brutal efficiency. However, Illusion quickly becomes nightmare as reality and fantasy blur.
437 ::: The Shriven (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: Ben has always been troubled by violent nightmares for himself by killing other people. Now they are getting worse and he doesn't know why-As long as she meets Nina, a beautiful woman with a secret in the darkness of the night she can become a murderer demonic machine known as a reduced. Ben, she reveals, is also a strict and he is destined to become her friend. However, Ben is terrified when he learns that Shri must feed on people in order to live.
438 ::: "The Mechanical Detective" (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: Artemis Blackthorn is a cybernetically improved detective in a Steampunk universe, involuntarily, pushed to a battle for survival against a diabolical genius dedicated to capture or kill him. Determined to discover why he is being hunted, Artemis and his best friend, Leopold Vonstern, seek a way to defeat the madman determined to destroy them both.
439 ::: "Sky Dome" (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: In alternative reality, a range of intelligence failure and corruption has left the United States and Russia in the catch of the Cold War. Governments have created special agencies to cope with these local risks to cope with failures. The secret police agent for the USA is in charge of hunting Drydon traitors. When he inadvertently runs a Vijay ENTIINik working on a secret government project called Sky Dome - a project that will end deadlocks in mutual assurance in favor of the USA, Drydon is seen not only in the sport of Russians, but also inside his own country, but also inside his own country. Also.
440 ::: Catalina: A New Kind of Superhero (2009) ::: sci-fi ::: Thrikium is the most powerful substance of the known universe. The Killgarth General, the negative, seeks the trixio to feed a Area goal capable of planetary destruction. A trap is placed for Killgarth; He is caught and sentenced to life imprisonment by a prehistoric planet. While on the route to Tiebous, the prison ship that transports Killgarth is intercepted by members of his violent horde and destroyed. An escape capsule of the prison ship crashes on Earth, Killgarth is clear leaving the pilot fatally wounded inside. Meanwhile; Ben Gerick, the rising star in an important law firm in the city, keeps a secret. During the day, use smart business costumes, but at home he dresses with women's clothes to face a new person ... that of Catalina. Deciding to make his first appearance in public as Catalina, Ben is a witness to the land of Crash de Escape Pod. Moments before dying of his wounds, the exhaust escape pilot pushes the royal trixy orb at the Catalina/Ben chest, which imbues it with incredible super powers. Soon, General Killgarth, the negative realizes that he is in possession of a false Trixian orb and embarks on a vindictive trip to find Catalina ...
441 ::: "Ayoye" (2001) ::: sci-fi ::: In 1967, a woman named Ginnet was abducted by aliens along with several other Canadians, and was taken to T-Zco against her wish. It is said that he shouted “Ioy. “In the full view of the residents of your host planet. Impressed, aliens decided to immediately name their planet Ayoy. After two generations, Flaid Bacon, the grandson of Ginnet, who is known as Flao, came into contact with email with manual Lalumiyre-Duft, known as man, which is known as a man, a 12-year-old from Earth is young. The life of the man and his family is completely reverse when the class of bacon's class bricks has land on the vacant land adjacent to the garden of Lalumiere-Durts.
442 ::: Invader X (????) ::: sci-fi ::: A science fiction movie that follows the life of Ashur Frost, a new Christian -born young man, who finds himself kidnapped by a foreign plot underground group, along with eight other strangers. Only 7 of them, including the most survival. They learn to carry exotic pathogens that can wipe not only human species, but also other strange species as well. With a limited time, asher and company have to find a treatment or face the possibility of being responsible for ending all life on Earth.
443 ::: Man Trap (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: A film on machines and humans trapped inside. A film on industrial landscapes that act as counter -intuitive symbols - disconnected from the human mind. The photographic method used is intended to artistically present a hidden visual aesthetic. An integral delivery of the emotional impact of the film is a hazard psychoactive sound landscape by an ambient electric musician "a product".
444 ::: Nephel, the Fallen (????) ::: sci-fi ::: They say that hell has no anger like a portable woman. They did not see Nevary. She was born from an arc angel and Satan Nayfari, a 18 -year -old woman, who finds her way in the world, is slowly dumped in the 13th internal world of Arch Demons & Arch Angels to discover that her fate is either destroyed by the whole universe or our taste.
445 ::: The Quickening (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In the dying world, the genetic engineering period of mankind, who suffocated only the stars, was forced to pregnant. He must choose the future of the military elite to open a plan for the future social engineering, which he wants to go to the stars or maintain the future of mankind.
446 ::: The Bamboo Saucer (1968) ::: sci-fi ::: The teams from the United States and the United States are asking that the flying plate hidden in the village of Falah, a red Chinese farmer by the United States and the United States.
447 ::: Hogs (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: A small hunting party moves a part of the backwoods forest. Three local businessmen decorated in the best hunting clothing are led to trails by a thin man in Latty's clothes. The brown flash explodes as the sound of the animal, the brown fur, and the flash of the nose. The brown flash presss the bolt towards the man. They are targeted and are taken out one by one.
448 ::: D-Day on Mars (1966) ::: sci-fi ::: An invader from Mars, known as the purple monster, plots a secret landmake in this version of the series 'Strikes Purple Monster Strikes (1945)'.
449 ::: Terrarium (2003) ::: sci-fi ::: On the newly discovered planet, 12 astronauts are volunteer for colony. They are awakened by their stable 15 -year -old sleep that the ship crashed and they are trapped in their cryotubes. To make things worse, a hairy animal breaks down and begins to eat them, one by one ...
450 ::: "Invasión" (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: It has been a year ago since the invasion that the earth suffered. When it seems that peace has returned to the world, a strange meteor falls and a murder happens that same day - at that moment Jesus receives a call to go to the moon, what kind of relationship will this have?
451 ::: Underland, the Last Surfacer (????) ::: sci-fi ::: As part of the rescuant's civilization, the underlying deeper underground, numbers were reported by a deadly mission. He should go to the surface of the land and confirm whether it's a drug free or not. But the top of the grounds found that the sun not miss because they were told, and not only survive. Whatever they believed. In the desert door, the intention shows the story of the world that provided them with free energy from the school's house. Numbers are determined to prepare for access to the fort to access your people to change the fate of your people. But he will return to the prince's request, not aware of the fact that he really is the worst enemy of his people.
452 ::: Alien Nation: Body and Soul (1995) ::: sci-fi ::: Sikes and Francisco are summoned when a mysterious young girl appears, who looks part of the new human. Her huge, rude colleague tries to release her from the area, and their quirky relationship is the result of a medical experiment with slaves. Meanwhile, Katie and Matt go to a sexual school, preparing to become intimate while Buck is experiencing their parents in his anti -human opinions.
453 ::: USS Angeles: The Price of Duty (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: In the middle of the three-year Dominion War (2373-2375), Starfleet Federation lost contact with the USS Orion Starship near the enemy territory Cardassian; The ship was equipped with a prototype with a prototype Soptery secret quantum concealment of a concealer. Fearing technology will fall into the hands of the enemy, Captain Janice Wilcox and the Uss Angeles star of the federation has the task of undertaking a search and recovery mission. Arriving at the last known place, Captain Willcocks can only find some floating cargo debris, along with the floating dead and stabbed body of the former USS orion captain John Knapp. However, USS Angeles sensors find an ion path of WARP engines walking across the Kardas border. Admiral Max Cervantes from the Star Fleet command says invading the territory of Kardasius would be too risky. Should Captain Willcocks follow orders and return home or follow Ion Trail and try to save the Uss Orion crew at the out-of-shap that they can still be alive?
454 ::: The Quickening (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In a dying world, stifling in its own right the inequality, a young scientist who does not turn to the stars is forced to a pregnancy of the next evolutionary genetically modified stage of humanity. While discovering the plan of the military elite to socially design the future, she must choose to go to the stars or save the future of the human race.
455 ::: Samara (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Samara is suddenly awakened by the voices warning in a facility, she does not recognize her just a few minutes to protect herself, and everyone else left them all with the same choice that we called all of us at home.
456 ::: Captain Reggie (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Captain Rigi was a star "Top Gun" in the Charun forces, the most popular, and most talented, and I liked until a personal disaster was robbed of everything I cared about and began a loud segment of madness. Five years after her return to living as a modest leader of the worst shipment, in the oldest ships run by the most charming operators. Each of its crew is outcast, and the task they call it is another operation. With the exception of the previous madness in Regi, she also created an emerging ability to see and understand things that no other person can, on the brink of knowledge that will change its world in radical ways. At the same time, scientists are in a laboratory about a black hole about the end that will give them the eyesight in the universe that was present in advance "Big Bang" and where we came from. Every vision has its own consequences for human existence and is involved in a huge percentage of the explosion.
457 ::: The Human Duplicators (1965) ::: sci-fi ::: From the military galaxy from the earth to "recurrence" and from the surface to be sent from far galaxies to get the wounds of animated ceramics in these low budget ceramics. Enjoy the opening and closure of the spacecraft of Rozhbing Christmas tree, the face of "repetitive" people's faces are like a cheap vase when thrown on the floor, and corrected laboratory in person. The heart of justice is softened by a beautiful blind woman, his motives, his motives as "climatic" plants, their false copies and their false copies.
458 ::: Night Passage (2004) ::: sci-fi ::: Night Passage is a digital image on friendship and death. Miazawa's classic novel, Milky Way is a tribute to the Milky Way Railroad, around the spiritual journey of a young woman, in her best friend and little kid, develops into a great world amongst the realities. Their venture takes place into a long journey on the night train into the "waking dreams" into the ground and outside. The filmmaker describes each encounter with a special artistic gesture in a two -dimensional area and frame this part as a range of rhythmic sequences, as seen by a train window.
459 ::: Return of Planet X (????) ::: sci-fi ::: A police officer ny the police acting on the professor of Astoogy describes this information that comes from the attacks of Anni's Anneki to eradicate another race.
460 ::: Side Effx (2009) ::: sci-fi ::: A specialized team is sent to an abandoned human engineering laboratory to eliminate the "devastating", a woman who has become sadistic and thirsty for blood which was once subject to a trial of anti-aging pill. She now uses the empty rooms and corridors of the abandoned building as a playground for her perverse killings. One by one, we follow the team of specialists in their quest to eliminate pests with superhuman powers.
461 ::: Appuchi Gramam (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: ISRO scientists reveal the amazing discovery of the meteorite with the land and confident that the influence zone will be in South India and Tamil Nadu. They make easy efforts to form awareness and prepare for a small village - Apsei Garram is exposed to a closer crash that falls into the area of ​​the meteorite meteorite. Until the sky's story begins, emotions that have fallen into the rest of the rest.
462 ::: The Landing (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: An investigation into the tragic end of Apollo 18, the last American mission to the Moon in 1973. In interviews in 1998, on the 25th anniversary of the incident, witnesses and participants, the layers of mystery pelled back on the events that almost destroyed an American institution .
463 ::: The Time Jumper (2019) ::: sci-fi ::: Scientists and historians leave between stars in search of her lonely questions. With the approval of the space advisor, Sephoria O'Meara creates Century Time SHIP. I leave for something unknown to find the answer she is looking for very desperately. Where is she going? When will she go? Who will she meet? Welcome to the time jumper. Scientists and historians leave between stars looking for answers to lonely questions. With the approval of the space advisor, Sephoria O'Meara creates Century Time SHIP. She starts something unknown to find the answer she is desperately seeking. Where is she going? When will she go? Who will she meet? Welcome to the time jumper. Scientists and historians leave between stars in search of her lonely questions. With the approval of the space advisor, Sephoria O'Meara creates Century Time SHIP. She starts something unknown to find the answer she is desperately seeking. Where is she going? When will she go? Who will she meet? Welcome to the time jumper.
464 ::: Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: Thousands of large insects and aliens will once again destroy the earth, and only the Earth Defense Force can stop them. Protect New Detroit City against a big and larger siege than ever. Destroy these giants at all expenses, which means turning the entire city blocks into debris.
465 ::: Star Wars: Will of the Force - An Independent Homage Film (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: The story is installed in the universe of the star wars made by George Lucas. This is a fan film and one of the numbers that can be the length of this feature. The conversation is about the joke. The events in the film will take place in 5 years. It starts during clonadal wars (or right about the time of star wars), he has two Jiesar knights called Jeho and Tyra Jade. They are in love with the Jedi code, they will be in love and marry only from the order of Jedi order. They live on the pirate of Takodananan (Planet) (planet, MAZ Canada VP V.I.) and blesses by Petra Jadee. Everything is good before pirates stole pirates on O'The, so until it is forced to fight as a slave in the arena. When Tyra determines its brightness, he should find a way to save him ... it's not too late.
466 ::: Das Go! Projekt (1986) ::: sci-fi ::: Thanks to his computer, a journalist feels a sensational story in which a white rat is the leading bio-computer in the world to play a decisive role. His research faced him with a network of intrigue and a world in which the industrial pioneer is the agenda. Future history with subjects of manipulation of genes and computer crime.
467 ::: Mark Maine John Carson Project (????) ::: sci-fi ::: John Carson is a worldwide man of means. He lives in India about his inheritance, he studies the search of Sanskrit for the meaning of life and how to enjoy the gods. Carson meets Devarati, the most beautiful half of an Indian English woman. Carson courts deviated and take it as his wife. That's when Carson connects to the gods, or are they?
468 ::: Ember: The Sapphire Empire (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The first film in the Mission Park begins with Christopher Amber. When the magic of submerger are trying to change the city of Boston town, no one is safe. Slightly uploaded after mission park events: fire compartment, a fire champion, a fire of fire, the main man of fire returned.
469 ::: "Primary Faction" (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: There is a selection of people among people in the land population. Each of them is unique, keeping information deposits have deep in their DNA. They don't know who they are, but we do. We are the angel network, a secret facility accused to find a way to prevent the future opokelp. Only when we all have something, we have sent to their memories, back to save the future.
470 ::: Star Trek: The Next Generation - Future's Past (1994) ::: sci-fi ::: You are at Enterprise-D. You are on a mission in the neutral Romollan region. There are two major aggression in the game, Romulans and Shaudak. Your task is to locate some of the time devices. But since you are responsible, you can choose whether you will follow requests or search for Romulan and Chodak vessels to fight.
471 ::: Tykho Moon (1996) ::: sci-fi ::: The McBee family built a government over the future "colony", which is divided into paris, which is divided into sectors of the Berlin wall. All men's family suffer from mysterious disease and are urgent need for body transplantation. A wonderful donor, donor, maybe killed by the fire, but it is still alive, according to the rumors. Despite the assassination of family members, McBberler begins to hunt. Alex, Alex, trying to escape from sculptor, and writes sculptor, Lena, killer, stupid.
472 ::: Kidou senshi Gandamu: The Origin III - Akatsuki no houki (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Literary age 0074. After leaving the Texas colony, EDOUDHAS CHANCE writes to Char Char Charchale Viks arrest at Zeon Military Academy in the Causive Military Academy. He is a friendly relationship with his classmate garma, Zabi's family. Gradually surprise two students. Then, in the universal century, students lifted up with their hands and start fighting for independence against the security forces on earth. This rebellion celebrates the start of a wonderful revenge scenario of the contract ... Now historical crops are turned!
473 ::: Nowhere Boys: The Book of Shadows (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Anywhere the boys: The Book of Shadows picked up a year later when the boys crossed the dimensions, discovered magic and restored from the demon. After separation, they are again drawn together when a magical seal of the Felix shade reveals, which unknowingly releases a powerful force of chaos. Boys are reluctant to be packed in a shodown that threatens their world and loved ones.
474 ::: "String Theory" (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: String theory is a new science fantastic series of video shorts, including the comic exploits of two scientists living on the small volcanic island of Azlan, right next to Mexico's coast. The average episode is 12 minutes. Caricature -like stories are presented in a delicious low technological, practical spectacular, puppet environment. The main characters are mariots who interact with a bizarre variety of devices for the day and exotic places. Their machines have been designed with the design "steamed punk" and "retro-fourturism" of the 1950s. The setting for this series took place in 1957 to the end of the world in 1960, and the kits are lavishly detailed and brightly colored models of scale made in styling the period.
475 ::: Al-Alam Sanat 2000 (1972) ::: sci-fi ::: The only characteristic of science fiction to get out of Syria, the world in 2000 can resemble a futuristic fantasy, but is actually a variant on the incredible narrowing man (1957). Furnished with an intelligently written script, the machinations of his "crazy scientist" actually have a reasonable sense; He tries to reduce human beings before the earth is overcrowded in the coming decades. The special effects, unfortunately, leave more than a little to be desired, and 1976 was a late date for black and white production even according to local standards; However, apparently, no technician was available who had the know-how to try these color effects. Nevertheless, the film remains an enticing curio of a nation whose films have rarely been seen abroad.
476 ::: Seveneves (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In the near future, an unknown force causes the moon to crush into seven pieces. The fragments of the moon will begin to enter the atmosphere of the world, and suffer the land within two years. History recounts efforts to preserve human society following the world's apocalyptic events by sending humans into space. 5,000 years later, their descendants return home to find a changed planet over time, catastrophic events, and terraforming. What could be waiting for?
477 ::: Invaders from Space (1965) ::: sci-fi ::: The Lieutenant's Lieving man in a free glagie plan about the planet using a fatal illness on humans. This is to remove the person from the heart from the Heart of the Heart Plant from the Immamland Plant.
478 ::: Future Fighters (????) ::: sci-fi ::: "The deepest region of space in the 22nd century lies in the hearts of men." The fate of all humanity rests with a small clutch of brave soldiers, and their sophisticated intra-staller fighting machines, as they should defend a frightening solar system from a terrible attacker force, to fight for their future. But when collaborative enemies become enemies and enemies become ally, wars and loyalty become blurred as a race for humanity to protect themselves ... from their own destruction.
479 ::: Children of the Sky (2000) ::: sci-fi ::: Kevin Pearson has a problem. Watches her. He has been born since time. She is now pushing at the center of government conspiracy that includes a 50 -year -old secret, alien kidnappings and a malignant woman who may maintain the key to all this.
480 ::: "Red Moon" (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: When Panther is four survivors from the United States, when a mysterious planet was accident, they realize that they are scary than anything that can imagine them. The red month turns them in parallel size, where the dangerous predator will open them with the moonlight. There is no connection, there is no backup and other survivors, the group should work with their differences to determine how to stop creation - it's not too late.
481 ::: Atomic Skeletons (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: A transportation operation is carried out during the thunderstorm of unpleasant storms. Casuals containing ancient bodies fall from the helicopter of transport. After colliding with thunderstorms and falling into a nuclear reactor, the skeletons are revived. They find their way to a bar that dances with a group of girls. Next, they attack a fashion show and attack models and referees. They attack Dr. Frankenstein's lab and return the Frankenstein monster to life and send him to break a social party. However, social, the Frankenstein monster pulls out in a fist fight. The skeletons go away in an air force transport and take the Frankenstein monster to board. They take a fighter aircraft and a German WW2 antique aircraft for war games. The skeletons take a spacecraft through the worm hole and kidnap a stranger and use it to scare a little girl and then break a garden party where three little girls They kidnap and rotate them toward the alien gort. Finally, they find another strip that dance at night.
482 ::: Quantum Apocalypse (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: Talented but rebellious 'rock-star vijay. Manico' group while looking for themselves in the race in front of time to save the earth. Can stop existing. A solution. In the city of P ISH Rish, Chief Ben Marshal lives with his autistic brother Terry, his son Leo, his daughter Samantha and his second wife Lein. When a comet changes its way and collides on earth, Vijayo has discovered. They feel that discrepancies are actually a vacuum of gravity and destructive to destruction of mankind. But Terry assures his brother Ben to take Houston to save the planet.
483 ::: "The Mercury Men" (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: Pittsburgh, 1975. Edward Borman, a low government office drone, finds themselves blocked, when Mercury's deadly men capture his office building as a ground for their unfair plot. Assisted by Jack Yaeger, a bold air space engineer from a mysterious organization known as "League", Edward should stop the invaders and their doomsday equipment, the gravity engine.
484 ::: D-Day on Mars (1966) ::: sci-fi ::: A Mars invader, known as Monster Violet, traces a secret socket of the earth in this long version of the series "Purple Monster Strikes (1945)".
485 ::: The Terrornauts (1967) ::: sci-fi ::: Radio Telescope laboratory residents are kidnapped when they answer a mysterious signal from the external space. They are taken to the satellite where only the robots live, where they perform a series of intelligence tests. Since it is a mystery and a sci -fi image, I will only tell you how the rest of the plot they are kidnapped, and how they come back to the ground.
486 ::: SD Gundam Dimension War (1995) ::: sci-fi ::: An exclusive Japanese strategy game based on the virtual boy based on the Gundam Anime series. One of the rarest games for the virtual boy, sometimes reaching $ 1,400 in auction sites such as eBay. Along with Bowling Virtual This game was the latest video game released for the virtual boy in Japan.
487 ::: Dreamscape (2009) ::: sci-fi ::: An exciting man who was looking for registered with Dreamcape Inc, provider of electronic dreams and live fantasies. Turning into an unstoppable courier, he enters a world of corporate espionage. Humed by state agents and assisted by impossible allies, he performs his mission with brutal efficiency. However, the illusion quickly turns into a nightmare as a disturbance of reality and fantasy.
488 ::: Sankofa (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: The earth did not make man uninhabited. Most people died, some Shani moon went out for Titan. With them they took the remnants of humanity, anyway in it. But there was an accident, the ships were damaged, and the remains were lost. They arrived at Titan without their history and soon lost their memory. Sankofa is a picture about the woman who asked them to find.
489 ::: Monster Force Zero (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: At the last effort to expose his unsuccessful comic book "Monster Force Zero" (MF0), Calvin Cashill (Aka A.I.) and his team of COS players enter "(D.O.D. The beginning of an interstellar monstrous ride for the team.
490 ::: "The Adventures of Edward the Less" (2001) ::: sci-fi ::: Piroshton will not be aware of the small hamlet at the bottom of Piroshton, but before it falls into the hands of evil, it will go into the hands of evil, but this plans to exit Edward and see the world. His faithful servants removed the sign that they lost as McFuglero and [very not as much as Abard], as the owner of the rings. "
491 ::: Future Past (1987) ::: sci-fi ::: Harlan, a clerk of reverie video stores with religious fanatical parents, needs more computer power for an experience he does in his room. To obtain this power, he draws from a business supercomputer managed by a slightly disturbed teacher making his own strange experiences. Something in the two experiences is crossed, and a future version of Harlan is introduced into the present. The future Harlan is greedy, cynical and wants to use his knowledge of the future to gain wealth and power. It is in the present-Harlan to stop it, but how to surpass someone who has already done what you are going to do?
492 ::: X Rebirth (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: In the distant future, the world of X is facing a period of profound and irreversible change. As the world walks towards an uncertain future, countless adventures are awaiting the increase in new enemies in search of power. Enter an impossible young and united adventurer who travels with an old, passionate ship with a magnificent past - two people alone play an important role in future events against the galaxy. The fate of the world is in the hands of the player ... X Rebiat reflects a new beginning for the X Series and offers loyal and new fans of a broad, live and very detailed world to be discovered during the game. Various gameplay elements such as packaged space campaigns, precise trading mechanics and high -speed space explorations allow players to experience a really unique space epic that keeps them for tens of hours. has it. X Rebiat has a completely new user experience - starting is easier than ever and is as deep as fans expect.
493 ::: Hobgoblin (????) ::: sci-fi ::: A group of anti-Nazis and magicians come together and use deception, magic and stealth to thwart Adolph Hitler and its servants. Take place during the Second World War and will focus on the creative nature of ordinary people who use their minds to extinguish the Hitler forces strongly armed.
494 ::: Hogs (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: A small hunt is moved by the section of the higher English Backwoods. The three cities live in the city, it was going to be downstuffed in hunts and hunts and a man who has a crooked piece of crushing. The brown lamp is seen from the runner like a yellow animal and brown brightness. Brown is onward to the men. They were planned and carried one.
495 ::: Bad Pixels (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: In a underground Dystopian future, an ultra-conservative dictator has eradicated gender equality and has made life miserable for anyone who is so unfortunate to be female. When a printed teenage girl discovers her home-made synthesizer has the power to deceive men and women's pleasure, she forms an electro-boil called bad pixels, and determines to restore equality through hearing happiness.
496 ::: "Science Marches Han" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Dr. Ian Khan hosted a strange science show for children in the late 1980s. The four episodes of this season emphasize the decisive aspects of science that astronauts should use during a deep space mission. These four topics are directly related to the world of our astronauts in the personal space of the web series.
497 ::: Lights (2015/II) ::: sci-fi ::: A year ago, Lisa's boy guy kurt and his baby's father went with her five friends in the Dress of his babies. When Lisa has been retired by a retired sheriff, it was restored in this case, Lisa, Lisa, and he was restored in Carl Carl Head, Carl Head, Kurt. They, together, are destroyed by lies, damage and dangers to reveal dark secrets.
498 ::: Judge Dredd (1997) ::: sci-fi ::: In the 22nd century, the population of the land was concentrated in the vast urban areas, which is common crime. There are no police, jury and trials, there are only judges. Their only task is to gain justice, and their only weapon is the legislator, a weapon that can burn armor, warming, heat and high explosives. In this dark future, Bean's technical judge has escaped from prison and is for revenge. The only one who can stop him is the man who left him, the judge. Connect a light weapon and travel through 16 cities and fight the Bean Army of Androids because DRDD will prepare a death sentence. To simplify the work, high power is scattered as fast fire throughout the surface. Play Judge Greetings and help him enforce the law.
499 ::: Star Control (1990) ::: sci-fi ::: One of the most appreciated and respected videogames of her time, Star Control dictates a story of a future under threat from the foreign Ur-Quan race. This game set the standard for the interactive scientific games of her time and survives to be one of the biggest classics of her genre.
500 ::: Herobrine Origins: The Movie (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Steve Briggs (Danedimation) from Manhattan is 17 years old. After losing his mother Anna Briggs at the age of 3, he lived a very secluded life with his over Protective Father Robert. This leads to the goal of threatening Steve in his school life. After realizing that he had telecenosis, he unraveled his powers on the long threats of his life, which would tear him the school. Now, Steve, who is on the run from the police, must learn to control his new inventory powers, while at the same time before he kills anyone else to learn about his mother's secret past.
501 ::: Nowhere Boys: The Book of Shadows (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: No boys: a year later after the siblings, a year later, opened magic, open magic and shake the demons. When they grow up all the magic shadows of Felix, they will be released together, which will produce strong power of chaos. Children are reluctant to grow in a threat to their world and friends.
502 ::: "Urutoraman Eiteî" (1980) ::: sci-fi ::: Gikogilar attacks the city and Yamoto is trying to cheer up -to -date from the depressed student. Yamato is nailed under the ruins, but the winds of the monster blow this and it transforms into Ultraman. The battle comes and his Saxiev beam kills the beast.
503 ::: Star Quest: The Odyssey (2009) ::: sci-fi ::: As our world expands to include the entire galaxy, everyone is rushing to claim their own piece of this new world and thousands of colonies arise. Without any major government, the fraudulent colonies are beginning to cause chaos and without a centralized army to protect innocent peace is almost lost. Now at the end of the biggest battle of humanity, the empires will fall apart, the unions will form, the enemies will rise and the characters will fall.
504 ::: Descent 2 (1996) ::: sci-fi ::: Essentially, the plot takes in terms of stopping the drop. After blowing the northern American hole in Charon, Vertigo 1 should go to some deep space mines, which contain more distinctive opponents, preliminary weapons models, and even a strange or strange ship!
505 ::: The Utilizer (1996) ::: sci-fi ::: A useful-one machine that wants to descend from the future to the Seed apartment of Collins. Their lucky breaks fulfill their magnificent wealth and greed-fuel vision of power. But there is no useful, and for very good reasons.
506 ::: Alien Arsenal (1999) ::: sci-fi ::: Two Nerdle High School students become high -tech superheroes when they accidentally run into a hidden cache of alien armor and armament in the basement of the school. What will, however, when the owner of the extraterrestrial treasure returns to recover it?
507 ::: re.Evolution (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Toronto 2025: It has been many years since the outbreak of explanation. Most humans have died and the world has collapsed. Several humans survive, and Jonas lives in the Royal Ontario Museum with his son Tim. In an attempt to survive, they scatter for food and survive what is left out of humanity. However, they are not alone ... new varieties have appeared from the ash of the world ...
508 ::: The Flying Bullet (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: Curt Masters, a Tuskegee plane, is abducted by a UFO. He is being tested to block intercontinental operations. If he is to blame, he and the planet will be destroyed. Could Curties survive in another galaxy and fight for a planet that does not always fight for him?
509 ::: Ikarie XB 1 (1963) ::: sci-fi ::: A giant spacecraft carrying settlers on a new planet encounters unexpected problems on his trip, ranging from encounters with external crafts abandoned to the dysfunction of computers on board and tensions among his crew and passengers.
510 ::: The Sticky Fingers of Time (1997) ::: sci-fi ::: A writer, Tucker Harding, is hired to cover an article on the hydrogen bomb test, Nevada, 1952. While there, Radiation mutates its code/soul, generating the ability to travel over time by the force of will. Not long after being killed by a woman of the future, Ofelia, with the intention of ensuring her own ability to travel in time. However, before his death, Tucker travels to 1997, where he meets Drew, a failed writer who has been infected with the original Tuckers mutation since his birth.
511 ::: Key? (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: When an old key is left to a young woman from her dying mother, she seeks help from an ancient businessman who lost his wife in a teleportal accident. Both try to unravel the light clues left behind despite the threat of determination of the dictatorship you are seeing regulating knowledge.
512 ::: "Temponaut" (????) ::: sci-fi ::: 50 years in the future, timely travel is invented. Expensive, government-controlled technology. Toxic air pollution forces the human population to live underwater. Temponauts are sent back in time to ensure the continuity of our last shelter.
513 ::: Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: Thousands of giant insects and aliens once again fled the land, and only the defense force of the world can stop them. Defend the city of New Detroit against greater infestation and means ever. Destroy these monsters at all costs, even if it means turning whole city blocks into a break.
514 ::: Avalon: Beyond the Abyss (1999) ::: sci-fi ::: Island blows, and from its remains black poison fills the ocean. A team of underwater specialists with high-tech gear should stop poison before contaminating the world, but things become increasingly strange, the more they investigate.
515 ::: Adam wa el nessaa (1971) ::: sci-fi ::: With the awakening of an atomic disaster, the entire male population of the world was sterile, except for a young man named Adam who was deep below the surface of the planet in an iron mine at the time of the accident. This unbelievable non-monk is suddenly erased as a Savior of humanity, exhibited for international teams of scientists, and in charge of leaving his wife and instead joining his new winners of a beauty contest; Unless, that is, the deadly day when other men begin to regain their power and Adam is no longer "special". This satirical science film is of interest not only to its sincere approach to sex and sexuality, but also because it is an unauthorized adaptation of Pat Frank's novel of 1946 'Mr. Adam' .
516 ::: Underland, the Last Surfacer (????) ::: sci-fi ::: As part of a civilization of survivors who trapped deep under the ground, Numa is entrusted to a deadly mission. He must climb to the surface of the earth and confirm if he is again habitable. But above the ground, he notes that the sun is not extinguished as they have been told, nor the only survivors. Everything they believed was a lie. In the throat of the desert, relating reveals Numa the truth: the citadel which governs this part of the world has kept its enslaved people for centuries to provide them with a clean energy of the heart of the planet. Numa is determined to access the citadel and head for the terralls to change the fate of his people. But he will take up Princess Desal with him, ignoring the fact that she is really the worst enemy of his people.
517 ::: Apartment 5D (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: Akhash is the use of virtual real glasses to show the potential of a busy apartment by designing a beautiful furnished home to the buyers of pure furniture. But when the program ends, the ax for a number of series living in a virtual home. Being wife, akash should take or destroy his new digital life ...
518 ::: "High Strangeness" (2020) ::: sci-fi ::: At the beginning of Los Angeles of 1970, scientist Parapsicologist Dr. Based on the true case files of Barry Taff and his investigative team, who secretly examine extraordinary examples of an extraordinary event at the behest of a major university and the US government - often with dangerous consequences for life.
519 ::: Reckless (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: In the near future, East Los Angeles is an island, a ghetto sealed in the world with a concrete wall of ten floors around it built by a morally and financially American government which has built it to contain the violence of Mexican Cartel in climbing in the city . Now, a man (reckless) and his fortune gang of former criminal deputies must fight a war in the streets not only to protect citizens on the "bad history" side of the wall, but find a way to drop the wall.
520 ::: Devil's Got My Back (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: A woman pursued by a powerful demon realizes that her strange connection with the demonic empire can be the key to save the earth from slowly sliding hell. Part X-Files, partly Creature movie with a little inspiration from Anime, this supernatural horror-mysteria lets you sleep with the lights on and root you for both human and inhuman characters.
521 ::: Cosmos (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: When a group of amateur astronomers accidentally prevents an unconscious signal from the outer location, they doubt its authenticity and transmit a reaction. But when they receive answers a few hours later, not only do they believe that they have made the greatest discovery in the history of mankind; But the proof of life was found to be very close to the Earth.
522 ::: Creature from the Green Mist Anthology (2005) ::: sci-fi ::: A Freak Summer Storm contains ten unsuspecting strangers in a coffee shop along the coast. Suddenly a mysterious green fog rolls in. One by one, the strangers are eaten alive by a being that they cannot see. The truth is about someone's wildest imagination. A marine animal had long thought that extinct has survived and has aroused again. She is now on a rampage. As a marine biologist, desperately tries to subject the being that the number of body continues to rise. Prepare for the ultimate confrontation between man and beast. Every second counts when the strangers make a final attempt to escape. An attempt in which the price of failure is death.
523 ::: Withered (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: The world's clean water supply is depleted, and the population is decreasing to small groups of survivors. One of these groups supplies infinite water for desert towns. They travel to the town and immediately discover that the town has a very dark secret.
524 ::: Cybornetics: Urban Cyborg (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: Cybornetics lead you in such a distant future of cybernetic technology and human imagination. Bio-mechanical technols and g and astonishing Vijay. In the future world ofanic progress, humans distribute all aspects of their lives with their machines. But when the leading Vijay .anik (James Rich) and his team A.R.C. The advanced prototype named forms cyberg. 1 (Justin A. Davis) For an unknown secret military project, Vijay .NoCo is not ready for the result. Suddenly, the A.R.C. 1 is on its own in a strange and dangerous world, as it begins a wonderful search to find the shocking secrets of his true identity. Cybornetics: Urban Cybrurg has a special advanced version of a hit independent film, with Optim Ptimized Audio Dio and picture quality as well as "cyberg tools", which details some of the cyberg technology used in the movie. Acting: James Rich, Pascal Yen-Fister, Hillary Hawkins, Justin A Davis, and Raw Laiba. By written and directed: Produced by Dwayne Buckle: Barbara Michaels A360 Sound and Vision Presentation
525 ::: Nuclear Family (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: The atomic family begins the story of a young couple, John and Lynn, who are trying to survive in the forest after appearing as an atomic holocaust. He lives on the move with his 11 -year -old daughter, Palin… while all search for their missing 8 -year -old son, Grant. Meanwhile, the present society has disintegrated, and the family must be one step ahead of the Burskar: legitimate, wild, cruel men who rape, feed and are destroyed as a way of life. The story shot as a pilot presentation for a TV series will take this family, and others they avoid discoveries beyond the current reality, in search of grant for their discovery and avoid the Burskars.
526 ::: Encarta IV: Dark Hope (2008) ::: sci-fi ::: With their presence in a state of endless anomaly in space (the rift from the "convict"); The Starship Encarta crew should stop a creature of the space time shredding. With countless civilizations in danger, the Encarta crew is the last opportunity to stay on the final boundaries ...
527 ::: "Wars" (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: In what remains in the world there is no war, no crime, no disease, no poverty, or religion. There is also no other option and there is no freedom. We are controlled by a powerful corporation and its giant artificial intelligence brain that tracks, monitors and judges US 24-7. We are rewarded for our fulfillment of social scores and lifestyle updates. We have forgotten what is human being, to experience free will. The only possibility of salvation of this dream with brainwashing is a team of misfits and highly qualified musicians, bought disheveled by a great mind and the boldest plan ever conceived. The world needs a new type of hero and, in the next 15,768,017,03 seconds, it could have them in the remaining of the world there is no war, no crime, or disease, no poverty, or religion. There is also no other option and there is no freedom. We are controlled by a powerful corporation and its giant artificial intelligence brain that tracks, monitors and judges US 24-7.
528 ::: Abrigo Nuclear (1981) ::: sci-fi ::: Our planet is contaminated with many nuclear explosions, which are full of soil and air with radiation, and now they live on the soil that is controlled by few scientists who survived from those disaster events. After an incident within the shelter, a group of rebel scientists find a good opportunity to return to the surface.
529 ::: The Landing (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: The tragic end of Apollo 18, the last US towards the Moon in 1973 American organization.
530 ::: The Flame Barrier (1958) ::: sci-fi ::: Carol Dalangese Hollister helped her brothers to find a missing husband. Her husband was watching a falling satellite through the jungle. When tracking it, trio open the unique acid to kill animals and people. Carol Dalman (Kathleen Croilli) oppose his will, oppose his will, oppose his will, and he helps him to look for her husband when he searches for her husband and finds her husband. Dave, his brother Matt (Robert Brown), Carol, after many difficult experiences, the body of her husband and her husband (Dan Gacman). Much to their suffering reveals a mysterious object near satellite, which decomposes anything that approaches him.
531 ::: Werewolves from Space (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In the night of the full moon, in a sleepy city in 1960's America, a shooting star lands in a forest near makeout. Skip, a local teenager tries to reach every basis with his number one Gal Debbie, when she points to the Fallen Star. Skip is going to investigate and finds the wreck of an alien spaceship.
532 ::: The Grey Room Chronicles: I Am Sin (????) ::: sci-fi ::: A year after the events in the gray room, in the small town of Florida, a young woman, with special powers, reveals that she is the goal of demonic creatures. After taking the help of a local physical, a team from the Vatican is sent to protect him and also shows what the source of this evil actually wants to him. For this, there is only the beginning of a major war that is going to come and all of it began with a birth; The Birth of the Anti-Crist: Susan Wilcox.
533 ::: X Rebirth (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: In the distant future, the X -Universe is confronted with a period of in -depth and irrevocable change. While the universe stumbles for an uncertain future, countless adventures are waiting while new enemies come up in search of power. Enter a young adventurer and his unlikely female ally travel in an old, battered ship with a glorious past - two people alone against the Galaxy, play an important part in the upcoming events. The fate of the universe rests in the hands of the player ... X Rebirth represents a spectacular new start for the X series, which offers loyal fans and newcomers, both a huge, lively and extremely detailed universe to explore the entire game. Varied gameplay elements such as space section Space fight, detailed trade mechanics and exploring the fast space with fast journeys enables players to experience a truly unique spacesaga that keeps them addicted for tens of hours. X Rebirth has a completely new user experience - it's easier than ever to start with and remains as deep as fans expect it.
534 ::: Star Wars FanFilm the Padawan III 'Darkness of the Republic' (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: The Kay escapes in his cell and the planet of Jogana. His son was former Padawan [boy] would go to help him. In the way he encounter many people like Jaz, Carket and Hen. The film is made between "Empire" and "the return of the Jeddi"
535 ::: The Stairwell (2007) ::: sci-fi ::: Stayfell is a study of a modern corporate caste system that studies a modern corporate caste system, which are made in the work of the computer, which appears the main sackure of their computer. Then when chaos elevator is relieved of fireworks and when you know about the death of Richard (CEO) and the news. Everything should be kept in office, helper, and Brian should overcome the laws of society and to have a passion for self-interest and to have a passion for herself.
536 ::: Bad Pixels (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: In an underground dystopian future, an ultra-conservative dictator has eliminated the gender equality and made life unhappy enough for everyone to be female. As a suppressed girl in teenage, discovered her homemade synthesizer, who has the power to demask men and pleasure women, she forms an electric duo that is called bad pixel, and sets off on the way to restore equality about auditory bliss .
537 ::: Untitled Sci-Fi/Horror Film (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: A group of friends embark deep into the forest and are chased by a mysterious unexplained sound.
538 ::: Mayflower II (????) ::: sci-fi ::: When Miles O Roore's brother Hidden Meflower showed Too, a ship designed to transport families from the planet to escape violence, dismissed it as terrorist insane. Soon, however, he found that violence was real and personal as the authorities came after him. He is guarding that he "borrowed" the new maflower to flee to the Paradise Colony in Mars, where he does not leave all his troubles. Meflower Too is an action packed futuristic thriller that highlights the need for confidence and courage in the background of the opposition.
539 ::: Border Zone: El Paso (????) ::: sci-fi ::: An hour, Dist OP Pian Vaiz; The Nanic play when the U.S. And the border wall between Mexico is built and El Paso thinks of the future when the city of smuggling becomes a capital; DHS agents, criminals, and activists are pitting against each other in combat to protect the American route.
540 ::: The Last Scout (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: 2065 ... presented uninhabited by war with the Earth, the remaining people of humanity send a fleet of ships at various points in the galaxy in the hope of finding a new world. After a seven -year visit and out of the communication limit long, the crew of Pegasus occur near their destination when they face a derogatory ship. As the tension on the board increases and they struggle to fulfill their mission, they soon feel that they are not alone and they should fight for their existence - and the existence of mankind.
541 ::: Super Rad (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In the ListtyTopian Surderban A Mega-Conferter-Congry Feetek makes many exciting fun. But when Charlotte youth do a flat and returning the intelligent ability reads in, finally, wear a fascinating situation for conditions.
542 ::: "Body Jumpers Resurrection" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: A new craft allows his presence to be recognized. Sonja takes her first steps to do the damage she has done with her hacker. Nova reveals how to do more with her energy costume and Glitter Girl makes an interesting discovery.
543 ::: The Wind Is Watching (2014) ::: sci-fi ::: The year is 2037. A natural disaster with global ramifications has given birth to a new America. The army is now the governing power, precious resources are rare and the ordinary man has trouble surviving. We follow the story of Cara Gardner (Nicole Ann Hicks), a young woman whose family was torn apart by this new diet. Starting on a difficult journey through America torn by war, she promises to recover what was removed from her. However, General Joseph Kellerman (Rick Montgomery Jr.), diabolical chief of the newly formed UMA (United Militia of America), is determined to prevent him from doing so. With all expectations stacked against her, Cara works in search of her goal, meeting fascinating characters along the way. From 22 -year -old director Conrad Faraj comes a cataclysmic story of love and loss, courage and determination, which will inspire and leave you out of breath.
544 ::: Star Wars: Will of the Force - An Independent Homage Film (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: The story is set in Star Wars Universe created by George Lucas. This is a fan image and it is one of some of the feature length. This story is about the Jade family. The events in the film take place in 5 years. It begins during clone wars (or about the time of Star Wars EP.III), which includes two JD Knights, O'Tar and Tira Jade. They fall in love against the Jedi code and are found and expelled from the JD order. They settled on Pirate Planet Takodana (Majza Kanada Star Wars EP VII) and are blessed by the daughter of Petra Jade. Everything was so good until the pirates were kidnapped and fought for his death as a slave in Arena. When Tira finds her lighthsber, she must find a way to protect him ... before it is too late.
545 ::: Criteria One (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: From the winner Simon D. Bero comes a story of kidnapping, brain control, redemption and madness. When the pop star Chardie takes his ex-girlfriend on a camping trip, neither expects to become pawns in a terrible, followed, stalked and cataloged game by a mysterious ancient visitor-"the collector". This strange creature has grown on many millennia in male / women shared personalities, both sides fight for control-he has no idea how to stop, she just wants to go home. As Sue is taken, start a control game - can chardie work with some part of this to save his love? Using a distinctive palette of photography and sound, this challenging and beautiful movie presents a unique vision. One criteria is about emotions that often confuse us with our loved ones. Emotions that may or may not come far beyond the planet of our home, in the stars beyond. From the winner Simon D. Bero comes a story of kidnapping, brain control, redemption and madness. When the pop star Chardie takes his ex-girlfriend on a camping trip, neither expects to become pawns in a terrible, followed, stalked and cataloged game by a mysterious ancient visitor-"the collector". This strange creature has grown on many millennia in male / women shared personalities, both sides fight for control-he has no idea how to stop, she just wants to go home. As Sue is taken, start a control game - can chardie work with some part of this to save his love? Using a distinctive palette of photography and sound, this challenging and beautiful movie presents a unique vision. One criteria is about emotions that often confuse us with our loved ones. Emotions that may or may not come far beyond the planet of our home, in the stars beyond.
546 ::: Lucidae (????) ::: sci-fi ::: A university student has vivid dreams of supernatural experiences in another world. Discover that it is one of the Lucidae - Lucid Dream Walkers: capable of making a psychic connection with other beings on a distant planet. You will be asked to dominate your newly acquired supernatural skills to assume an evil that threatens the survival of a whole breed.
547 ::: "Star Trek: Durandal" (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: Popular MMO Star Trek Online Cryptic Studios, on the star track: Darrad is in the main mission of the United States, after the first mission, after the first mission, it corresponds to the main mission of this game. 8472, called moisture, the main powers of Alpha quadrants, introduced the main powers of Alpha quadrants. In search of new methods of detection of infiltrators, Admiral Quinn is appointed to lead a Captain Alererka to a certain place at a certain place with Darhand.
548 ::: Return of Planet X (????) ::: sci-fi ::: A police officer ny the police acting on the professor of Astoogy describes this information that comes from the attacks of Anni's Anneki to eradicate another race.
549 ::: Yötuuli (1992) ::: sci-fi ::: There is a disaster in Finland. A shortage of military dictatorship and resources. A family runs into secluded rural areas to start a new life in the natural economy. A strange neighbor helps to earn important items. The society is getting worse. The escape will continue.
550 ::: "The Space Giants" (1966) ::: sci-fi ::: Monster Rodak has conquered the planets throughout the universe. He sees the earth and wants it, because it is best to see so far. Golder and Silver are sent from another planet to protect the earth from a rod. This series follows the efforts of occupying Rodak's earth and destroying gold.
551 ::: Dead Americans (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: After losing his wife on September 11, Michael Pen (Ken Collins), who was consumed in anger, joined the army for an obsession with GE on the battlefield. The pen was immediately involved in a fatal black project designed to create the ultimate assassin. Renamed: "Sandman", pen, and sleeper like him are brutal games on the street in the United States, and you can always leave the board. Jay Hewlett performs an attractive performance as Malcolm, an NSA agent who is entrusted to eliminate problems before the embarrassing details are released. "Dead Americans" is a provocative thriller and is as timely as timely. When your time comes, your time is not death, and there is no margin that it is inactivated when your time comes.
552 ::: Superman (1987) ::: sci-fi ::: A young baby from the doomed planet Crypton was sent to Earth, where he was adopted by an elderly couple in India, who called him Shehar. After growing up to an adult and learning about his origin and forces, he goes to the city in search of his beloved Gita school, who has become a newspaper reporter. At the same time, Verma, Shehar's rival to Gita's attachment in their school days, has become a criminal and a general super villain. Verma hatched as a plan to become rich, devastating part of India with natural disasters, after which it bought all the abandoned land. Will Superman/Shekhar be able to suspend the plan of the evil plan of Wema? Will Gita's heart win? Will he keep his double identity a secret?
553 ::: Dreaming (2020) ::: sci-fi ::: Everyone should join the source in exchange for good life. Engineers can detect individual mindscapes to find compatibility with the source. Those who are not compatible are called Dreams and are on the verge of extinction.
554 ::: Atomic Skeletons (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: A transport operation is wrong during a thunderstorm. Coffins that contain old corpses fall from the transport helicopter. After the skeletons hit lightning and fell into a core reactor, they are brought to life. You will find your way to a bar where you dance with a group of bar girl. Next you penetrate a fashion show and attacked the models and reviewers. You penetrate the laboratory of Dr. Frankenstein and bring the Frankenstein monster back to life and send it to break up the party of a social. However, the socialite strikes the Frankenstein monster in a fist fight. The skeletons spoil an air weapon transport and take the Frankenstein monster with them. They take a fighter plane and an antique German WW2 aircraft for war games. The skeletons perform their game and take a spaceship through a worm hole and kidnap a extraterrestrial to scare a little girl and then fall a garden party on which they kidnap three little girls and hand them over to the alien belts. Finally you will find another bar where you dance the night away.
555 ::: Le monde tremblera (1939) ::: sci-fi ::: Jean Durand, a young scientist finds a machine that can accurately predict the date of your death. He tries to use a prostitute as a guinea pig to test the machine. Jean Durand is bad, and his ambition has no limits, he goes so far to say that it is the 8th day of creation; But the father of his fiancé is just as cynical as he; His predatorial shows when he wants to use the machine to inform the lifelong guarantees. But does everyone want to know when it will happen?
556 ::: Savant (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Alice has always had memory gaps, for which she is now a strong resolution for solving all kinds of neuronal depleted diseases. Sadly, her experiments have never been successful and she has no other options for all moral, legal and moral limits, trying to achieve and survive her interests. Alice's childhood friend Yulisses, finds the best support and conditions to go ahead with his experiments. Ulisses suffer from Savant Syndrome, which dramatically brings this thing or experiences that never forget. They accidentally find memory and time is strangely connected. As a result of this fact, their experiments become unexpected and have never been ined before.
557 ::: Bound (2017/I) ::: sci-fi ::: The year is 2032. All the population below the new leader, 'system' system '. The use of all mental illness, the rule has tried the world with only one goal ". We follow the story of the entire Alex But it is interesting that he likes to live his life. and fear.
558 ::: Lazer Team 2 (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: A few years after the Lazer team saved the planet from aliens, Woodrow "Woody" Johnson was invited and now lost somewhere in Galaxy. The girl named Maggie received an encrypted alien file leading to Woody's invitation N. And now, the Razor team has to try to find him.
559 ::: Andrea Perron: House of Darkness House of Light (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: Developed in the campaign parks and the barrier planted, Andrea Peron has made the past to write this book, the house of dark room. Now use pictures and restarts to support his story, perthron makes a story about his background.
560 ::: Monster Force Zero (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: Failed manga book "MONSTER FORCE ZERO" (MF0), Calvin Cashill (aka A.I.), and his last gaps to get his COS-PLAYERS team, "underground with the destructive destroyer. Participate in the universe exhibition of the exhibition. ((D.O.D.) -However, the power of the universe is working. This battle is just the beginning of a monster vehicle between the stars.
561 ::: We Are Them (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: A natural disaster destroys the devastating earth most of the world's population. The survivors had to create a new world to maintain life. They found a full human being, using a genetic design of more advanced DNA. In his quest to improve the human race, they also imagined humans with a significant genetic formation. This new person, an 8 -year -old girl Melissa, was gifted to gain special abilities. It uses it more often, it becomes better and more powerful. Wherever it goes on, it is bound to happen. Melissa uses her skills to help people who inadvertently make herself angry. Awakening of his great gift, the creators of this new world are now committed to catching Melissa for his DNA and changing human new pay generation. Protected by her family and the people she helped, the discovery of Junowledge and the truth about her creation brings two very young minds into an incredible discovery.
562 ::: Absynthia (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Increased attacks are about about what is available as something to be clean and sending the life of the captain and his previous employees. Par-Amnessia follows all of their relationships all their relationships, and the winning things can be successful.
563 ::: Agent9 (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: The year is 2030 and the planet of the world has begun a transformation as alien species from across our galaxy begin to timed to our small sunrise marble. Of course, none of this is public and migration is managed by a secret government agency called AIM; Alien integration and management. The serial story arc follows the sometimes connected adventures of an agent9 as he finds himself working as a goal agent. His past is a fog blur and he struggles with his memory as he falls into a secret mission to find a mysterious "instrument" that may eventually be the hint for his own identity.
564 ::: Project Abaddon: Rise of the Destroyer (????) ::: sci-fi ::: An explorer of an intermediate spatial archeologist who decided to find the truth about his father's losing about 30 years ago. He takes him to a ruthless band of a woman led by a Hansolo type to find this "artifact", which his father regarded as "Project Abadon". Start traveling. The location of this "artifact" seemed to have lost his father with his colleagues, Dr. Carlton Dashira, and was absorbed in finding this ancient artifact. Now, they learn who they are, work to protect everyone from themselves, and have billions of aliens who come to destroy everything for one thing and protect them. You have to find a way. The adventure begins on a star boat with the MERC soldier. When you meet them, either you love you or drop you in the place where you are standing without blazing. It is a trip, not a destination, and the magnificent seven feels like the Battle Star Galactica meets Indiana Jones. This is not a *Star Trek (TM) ∗, but a brand -new story set in our 600 years, and begins in the 4th century song dynasty China. *In this term, the Star Trek belongs to Paramount Studios/CBS TV, not part of the project Abaddon. It is only used here as a reference.
565 ::: Invaders from Space (1965) ::: sci-fi ::: One group of honorary salamanes of Kulimon in Moffit Galaxy is taking the land by removing death into mankind. It depends on Emerchee Superkoho Starman to save humanity to the party.
566 ::: The Photon Effect (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: During the accident that affects Antenave Anten, two engineers come to a heavy power. Although their best possible, they decided to do. Authorize the authority that requires others to help others with the revealing of the fact that Randallal (RCC), the company brought Antenna. Meanwhile, Jay's power becomes part of the RCCI of the RCI scholar, Tina VicCarin, is the true love of Jay. This program eventually made birth to new Superberian and superbalian.
567 ::: Invader X (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The sci -fi thriller, who follows the life of a young man named Asher Frost, is again a Christian, who has been kidnapped by an underground alien conspiracy group, along with eight other strangers. Only 7 of them, including Ashar, survived. They know that not only human species, but also other alien species, have alien pathogens. With the limited time remaining, Ashar and the company must find a remedy or face the opportunity to take responsibility for ending all lives on earth.
568 ::: Robot Holocaust (1986) ::: sci-fi ::: Neo, a drifter from the wastelands-blasted atomic, arrives with his Klutzy robot side in a factory where slaves work to stretch the dark power station of One One. There, he meets a comfortable woman who convinces him to help save her father a scientist, who invented a device that could break the control of a dark one over the slave. Collecting a Motley crew of allies on the road, Neo and Pals traveling to the power station, facing the bad servants of darkness.
569 ::: Quantum Shock: Black Drop (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Super strength, speed, durability, and reflexes that can predict the future. As the only survivor of quantum shock execution, Colt Stahl became the perfect Super Soldier-Killer. A weapon based on the life quantity now goes after the super soldiers who were injured with it. However, its existence may have consequences for the world around it.
570 ::: Doorways (1993) ::: sci-fi ::: Cat, fleeing the parallel land governed by foreigners, landing on the "land" in the middle of the highway, causing an accident. She was slightly injured and wakes up in the hospital's emergency room, where Thomas, the doctor, takes care of it. The next day, Thomas returns to the hospital and finds a vacant room and all the records erased. He discovers that the FBI investigates the origin of Cat, because it brought some strange artifacts. Thomas is trying to talk to her when she decided to escape. Thomas is forcing the events to follow and help them, while trying to understand her motives. It turns out that the cat escapes from a group of the dark slaves of the Lord. They move to the nearest entrance to another parallel world, but while they are waiting to open the door, they are arrested in a row by FBI agents and dark darkness. They hardly escape from the door to the ground where gasoline disappeared. Their adventures continue as the bad guys are still chasing. In the end, they stumble through another door and land over Mount Rushmour. But the four faces that were granted on this show that Thomas has not yet returned to the homeland.
571 ::: Herobrine Origins: The Movie (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Steve Briggs (Denadimation) is 17 years old from Manhattan. After losing his mother Anna Briggs at the age of 3, she lives a very solitary life with her over -defensive father Robert. This Steve targeted a boom in his school life. After finding out that he has telecense, he releases his powers on the long riots of his life that almost torn him to school. Now when participating from the police, Steve should learn to control his newly found powers, before he kills someone else, when at the same time learns about his mother's secret past.
572 ::: Michael J. Fox in Outer Space (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: The negative films are used in the nucleus of the Michael J.
573 ::: "Space Cadet" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: A science fiction web series on a new cadet serving on a star-Navire in the future. Not a particular future, nor a particular Star-Navire. Times are difficult when there is no internet and no social media on board, no confidentiality, no order and no way to express themselves other than its newspapers.
574 ::: The Four Twenty-One (2009) ::: sci-fi ::: As a child, Buddy Cortez was recruited by a secret branch of the government and trained to hunt and destroy foreigners living among us. Now, as the danger grows and a life of murder takes his number for Buddy, any desperate decision can prove that it is his last.
575 ::: "The Big Pull" (1962) ::: sci-fi ::: The big bridge begins silently, as all the good SF does, returning home with the end of men's supervisor in the atmosphere. However, the things are getting incorrect with the stros. They disappear in pairs, but then someone is back with themselves and the couple. At the time pass through this process and it is known to know whether the number of victims do double the amount of events between events. Finally the main victim explain about what's happening. This is part of a large genuine battle between two groups between two groups between two groups (?) And uranios (?), Process preparing for land to return to a large number of groups. The last thing that is seen are the dead and darling settings at the world level. It was produced at the time of Cold War, the Annalic is antally between the United States and the United States - at least it's now. This TV science is one of the largest "missing Gromes". It has been left in their mind to be first released in the early 1960s.
576 ::: "Star Trek: Durandal" (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: Based on the popular MMO STAR TREK ONLINE by Cryptic Studios, Star Trek: Durandal follows the USS Durandal crew in the first mission set just before the main story of the game. The 8472, known as UNDINE, has penetrated a point where no one is unreliable in the main power of Alpha Equipment. In search of a new way to detect UNDINE intruders, Admiral Quinn assigns Captain Allaka to take Durandal to a specific location in search of the help of an old nemesis.
577 ::: "The Chrysanthemum Palace" (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: The Chrysanthemum Palace is the television of addictive events. Beautiful; exciting; erotic; unpredictable. It will attract you to an impressive world never seen before, but instantly recognizable. It is a world where life depends on a small gesture; where a look from above a silk fan can take a man on his knees or an army to his destruction; Where honor and cruelty are two sides of a rotating jade coin. Nothing is what it seems, and nobody is safe.
578 ::: Key? (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: When an old key is left to a young woman by her available mother, she is seeking help from an ancient merchant who lost his wife in a remote transport accident. The two try to reveal the huge clues that left behind despite the threat of the design of the comprehensive dictator on organizing knowledge.
579 ::: Michael J. Fox in Outer Space (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: The nightmare of the film without this budget is ducted to the world of Dystopia, a symbolic standard of his celebrity, where Michael J. Fox is inviting the space of the bathtub's ship. Here are a series of loosely connected satire episodes.
580 ::: Memory Runner (????) ::: sci-fi ::: After 30 years of Creopod waking up from sleep, he finds himself at the hospital in memory of Aries. His memory does not return because it is locked in a data cube called memory runner. Four terrorists try to abduct Aries from the hospital, but after all of them are killed with an unknown murderer, Aries escapes from the hospital and go on a journey to regain his memory runner, so that he can finally find out who he is.
581 ::: Incident at Pavonis Mons (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: A Chinese spacecraft returning to Earth with prohibited biological samples of live announces emergency medical care, followed by a communication eclipse. In order to avoid disclosure, their government is trying to hide their discoveries and the disaster that happened in their Mars lab.
582 ::: Bound (2017/I) ::: sci-fi ::: The year is 2032. The whole population is under the new leader, 'rule'. Using all the emotions the recipient tablets, the rule has assured the world of citizens with only one goal in mind with "work. We follow the story of Alex, whose whole existence is resolved when it does not shot in one morning. The bounds look for the delicate nature of human emotion and are inspired by issues around mental health, especially frustration and anxiety.
583 ::: Fallout Shelter (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: As an observer, you have to wide and keep your vault for your vault resident to your vault residential room. Belong to their special stats touch the right rooms to the right rooms against enemies to increase enemies and escapes to an enemy and special stitts.
584 ::: EVE Online (2003) ::: sci-fi ::: EVE Online is a game of multiple players installed in the world of galactic magnitude and managing a hyper capitalist economy. Your goal is to create as a leader and rinse believed in honor of your friends and enemies. Eve Online is a single online game world with more than 5,000 days connected to the jump. You can be something you want from a pirate to a military leader to a piracy.
585 ::: The Dragon Factory (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The Department of Joe Ledger and Military Sciences rises against two groups of competitive genetics: one side creates exotic transgenic monsters and genetically enhanced armies; The second uses twenty first century technology to continue the Nazi master program.
586 ::: "Improbabilia" (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: For user's Hallell's company, each day is one thing that the truth will not be bored. When he lost his work and find himself in debt, he decided to sign for drug tests to make some simple money ... or he is waiting. Suddenly he saw his world moved to spread various abilities, making a clean lifestyle, until he found a safe refuge in the hidden area. Hal, others associate others like it, must do what he will choose or resist those who have to destroy them ... but only the cause of drugs?
587 ::: Bigfoot's Wild Weekend (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: Tabloid's Tabloid Cryphalical CryPapology when making a beer of a large amount of eyes and movies, bikinice, you have ever seen. Harlan James (Chase Carter) does not believe in big. He was determined to mislead its existence while entering the woods and began to encourage the interviews together. The amazing thing in Harlan sees that he sees a large skin is no monace to the forest, but the Saskumchuus Sasquits enjoyed beer, and the love of beautiful women. Unfortunately the nature of good, chase redneck chestergins (Ron Blackmell) and some hunters are eager to catch the eggs make a beer. Now at the clock clock, Harlan is signing help of Sheriff of the Sheriff of the Sheriff of Zeriff of the Sheriff of Zeriff's help (David Norish Report (Nicole Passaneau) in the wildlife alone.
588 ::: Defcon 5 (1995) ::: sci-fi ::: 2205 A Domini. You are a single cybernir and the last hope of the human race. The sudden and mysterious death of your friend and colleague has thrown you into a corporate and cheating web. The key to existence lies in the remote Deep Space Mining Station MRP6F's Ths, which has been quietly threatened by a sudden alien invasion of 200 years later.
589 ::: Idaho Transfer (1973) ::: sci-fi ::: In a time of the dwindling global resources, a crew of young researchers will travel to the future to escape an apocalypse before switching off their time transmission project. They find that a kind of catastrophe has deployed the Idaho region and implicitly the nation or perhaps the world. In front of an unknown, barren future of abandoned cities and abandoned vehicles; Empty with radio signals or signs of air or country traffic encounter an abandoned freight train with packed bodies. Her further discoveries of the future fate of mankind are a little less than rosy. They also learn that their time travel was not without significant costs for their own health. After one of the groups has continued to come into the future, she meets a family in a futuristic automobile. People have recovered from the disaster (or do they?)
590 ::: Terminator: SkyNET (1996) ::: sci-fi ::: Set to the future future of the original movie. John Connor tries to go to the old rocket for you on suspicious skins (bots). You know about an old nuclear rocket called the strongest nuclear weapons you have made. Skynet plans to expel rocket from survival. You need to run / drive / flight / run / run / run, by running, to remove it until the rocket launch platform, until you start it and resisted.
591 ::: "Dark Day" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: As a member of the highest society in the distopic future, Distopic future, Distopic future, masquerade should be free from the cry of vindictive God, which makes it stronger to the role of the hero. Henry Seit, demon-bear, hid the sources of security for several years (a group of people monitoring deaths) and the demons. His physical blood passions are negligent when he turns him to the true nature of two prey hunters, Hanvin show and Ian Hou Hawing. Calvin and Ien calms Henry, watching every step of Henry and waiting for them to beat them. Calvin and Ian will install a trap for Henry, they will have a negative effect; Ian was killed and calvin hardly escapes his life. However, Henry was a mysterious and brought to unknown places. Calvin, with the help of the latest and influential family, must open Henry Selo and the righteousness. He reduces the fact that the world is close to falling into the war, because many hidden demons have slowed down slowly.
592 ::: Godsend (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: After Survival Out of the Earth, Carson Friends and Leza band and search to find storage in the city of Montauk. Find some changes in their lives soon, they discover a good test of survival cannot be possible from outside without feeling but by themselves.
593 ::: "Star Trek: Durandal" (2011) ::: sci-fi ::: Based on the popular MMO Star Trek Online from Cryptic Studios, Star Trek: Durantal follows the USS Durantal crew in his first mission, set up just before the game's main story. The species 8472, known as the Bandine, infiltrated the main powers of the alpha square to the point where no one can be trusted. When looking for new ways of discovering non-undine infiltrators, the Quinn admiral assigns the master allerga with the mission of taking the Dururdal in a specific place to recruit the help of old Nemesis.
594 ::: The Neptune Factor (1973) ::: sci-fi ::: On board the R / V Triton, the Neptune project team does oceanographic research. The director Andrews tries to maintain research despite the opposition of the head of the Sheppard Foundation. Below is on the bottom of the ocean, in the Sealab, the team led by Hamilton is about to return to the surface when the Sealab is torn from its moorings and sent carications to a trench. Taken too deep for divers, the only chance is the rescue by a new American mini-underwater, controlled by the arrogant CDR Blake Usn. Blake, Diver Mackay, Diver Cousins ​​and Dr. Jansen (Hamilton's fiancé) plunged into the mini sub to try the rescue of Hamilton & Crew trapped.
595 ::: The Forgotten Ones (2006) ::: sci-fi ::: All teachers are dead. 80 High School students have been trapped in Cornarbrook High for months, as the world has been attacked by foreign insects, whose spacecraft has smeared the sun. Guts have been formed inside the school, and the food supply is decreasing. A group of ragtag students tries and finds a weakness in insects eaten before the position of "Lord of the flies" before bursting. In doing so, they can only save the world.
596 ::: Lost in the Pinelands (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: The foreign invasion comes to Earth represented as a mysterious power. This entity outside the planet is looking for its first victim. Years later, the field journey applies to Pinelands, in New Jersey because the entity is chasing in the woods, and it forms an army of kidnapped children who will take over the world.
597 ::: Waves (????/II) ::: sci-fi ::: Waves is a feature film made up of two short forms of forms entitled Airwaves and its waves of award -winning directors Tom Galang and Domonic Smith. These films will resolve independently of each other, but will comply and during the consecutive reading will create a complete feature film. Airwaves is the story of a woman, Annie Burch, who is the director of the program of a radio program revolving around extraterrestrials, conspiracy theories and general curiosity on the confines of space called under the stars. While she is doing research on subjects for the next time the show will be broadcast, she trips on a phenomenon that has been documented in the world: these industrial, spurnichards and metal sounds coming from the sky. Although there are many theories on the origin of these sounds, there is no concrete answer. While Annie strives to get closer to the truth, a worrying phone call at the station begins a chain of events that will change his life forever. Soundwaves is the story of the theoretical physicist John Maynard (SP) who works at the Agency Arch (Research Advanced of Dudies Harmonics). John is exploited by Arch to complete the research of his father who focused on nuclear fusion and the effects of nuclear weapons. Things are not always as they appear in Arch, and while John is struggling with ethics and morality behind his research, he also considers how to expose Arch. John makes a decision that affects not only his life, but the world as we know him.
598 ::: Sentinel 2099 SE (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: In the end -of -life world of the 21st century, the unified Federation is struggling to restore civilization to the survivors of the Grand disease. Garatia is undergoing brutal attack on the Federal POST base. SGT CHASE BADHAM is sent to a desperate mission that may change the flow of war.
599 ::: Pixel Theory (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: The program has changed everything. This seemed to be able to accept human creativity, doubtful in will, and it seems to be able to break the walls of those reasons. Universal knowledge is now available, but is it ready for man race? Theory of pixel is a joint film that causes different views, the program to appear. This Prodigy tells us a clear view of the world about the world in history, which forms non-human issues and films.
600 ::: Star Trek: Starfleet Command III (2002) ::: sci-fi ::: Enter the Star Trek universe: Next Generation, and fight against what threatens the peace of the Star fleet and its new ally, the Klingon Empire. With this new link, it must protect unit 1 (a highly advanced space station capable of detecting distant and even wrapped ships) of any threat that arises.
601 ::: Norman (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: Time traveler and his A.I. Norman is trapped in the past, isolated, and risks life in both the past and the future. He must invent how to return to the future before the world collapses.
602 ::: Beyond the Void (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The pilot flying out of Miami washed into the fog cloud. He was on an island that he shouldn't be there after it cleared it. After spending a week on the island, he will eventually escape only to learn himself, 7 days in fact 20 years for 20 years.
603 ::: Return of Planet X (????) ::: sci-fi ::: A New York police officer unites with a professor of asseiology to decipher a coded message sent by the approaching Planet X and to save the Earth from the invasion of Anunaki, who return after 35,000 years to erase humanity and start another genetically created human race.
604 ::: Fratello dello spazio (1988) ::: sci-fi ::: A huge spacecraft goes to our world and sends a smaller ship with three extraterrestrials to take a look. Something is not going well and the three explorers eject on earth in small pods while their ship explodes. Only one being seems to survive and, as is generally the case, local authorities just want to shoot and call the army. The stranger hides thanks to the help of a blind music teacher who has psychic powers and a sympathetic priest with good intentions. It turns out that the visitor just wants to do well, to be a friend with everyone and would simply prefer to go home rather than hurting anyone. His friends are looking for it, but time is running out!
605 ::: The King of Plagues (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Joe Ledger and the Department of Military Sciences begin to overthrow the deception curtains to discover a vast and powerful secret society using armed versions of the ten Egypt wounds to destabilize world economies and the resulting chaos.
606 ::: Quantum Shock: Black Drop (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Super, speed, strength and reflexes that can predict the future. The Colt Stahl was a wonderful palace-killer as a survivor of the execution of a quantum shock. Now it's quantum weapons that go after the super soldiers who have made evil. However, his life can be a consequence for the world around him.
607 ::: "Doctor Who: The New Adventures" (2007) ::: sci-fi ::: The alien creature that previously attacked the doctor returns and converts to the human doctor, now known as ??? And with the memory of Josh Lost, both attend university as friends. However ??? He meets memories of the doctor, he just needs to meet.
608 ::: The First Men in the Moon (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: In 1969, the Apollo Moon Landing had to be televised internationally, but during a campaign fair in England, a little boy named Jim meeting Julius Bedford, 90 years old, inventor of cavorite, a substance defying the gravity that They used to build a sphere, which took them to the moon. Captured by anti -shaped selenites, Bedford was impatient to escape, but Cavor was happy to stay and communicate with the inhabitants of the Moon. Back on Earth, Bedford hears via Wireless that Cavor was forced to commit suicide and the inhabitants of the Moon to prevent them from invading the earth. While Jim looks at the Apollo landing with his parents in the present, he sees a selenite, hiding behind a lunar rock, looking at astronauts.
609 ::: "Sons of the Universe" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: When two worlds collide, three prophetic brothers are born to balance the world, come together to reunite their families to save the universe. Kai, born and raised by his single mother; And not aware of his destination, is trapped between these worlds where he learns from his newly found forces and his newly found brothers, Avery and Micah. Now these brothers have to solve the mystery of their individual past and receive their destination before the bad mistress Jayde teases their home.
610 ::: "Collaborative Stories" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: The new series, in which the viewer (you) controls the direction where the story goes. We started the scene and opened the end for commentary. From there we take the best instructions from our viewers and get them in the next episode.
611 ::: Landing Lake (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: A team of satellite technicians enters the forest to fix a telecommunications station, but they are forced to save a plane crew that was destroyed near the lake. Soon they realize that something might come from the lake that affects their minds and the passage of time. Because they lose their inhibitors that their primitive desires are closed. It was seduced by the invisible entity, it seems that only one of the team is allowed to be connected, and thus generated again in a new physical body. A terrifying game of strategy not to stay, but to die with the promise of life again. When a technical team is sent to repair a call station, they quickly realize that something might come from the nearby lake that affects their minds. Because they lose their inhibitors that their primitive desires are closed. It seems that the team is only permitted to interconnected the invisible entity, and thus be again in a new form. A terrifying game of strategy not to stay, but to die with the promise of life again.
612 ::: Withered (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: The world's water cleaning was cleaned and population turned to small groups of save. One of these groups listened to the endless version of the city in the desert. They travel to the city and finding this town to have a very dark secret.
613 ::: Gideon's Stand (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In the nearly future land, reduced fuel supplies have sparked strife all over the world. Large square economies against third world terrorist groups. NCR 1236, a small methane refinery outside the world in Titan (Saturn's moon), facilitates demand and a small fierce crew and military personnel have grown at work. Gideon Stark, a man with a past, tells his daughter's lie. She wants to know the real reason he will not return home. The truth is that Gideon has much darker issues to work. When the largest solar ignition in human history strikes suddenly and all communications are knocked down from the line, Gideon reveals that he and the station are cut off the ground. Knowing the purpose of the event, the crew awaits a temporary closure of four days. Their paid vacation dreams evaporate when a Crash scout ship and Major Harlee Jane, a shady military liaison, informs them that a massive terrorist attack has begun under the demolition of solar flames. It is ordered to provide the refinery and take military control, but it is clear to Gideo that she has a hidden agenda. Soon people start to act strange and disappear. Gideon ends a foreign terrorist, presenting as human, infiltrated at the station with the intention of destroying everyone and everything at the base. No one knows "who is-who is" like Gideon gathering survivors for a last gap to save not only their lives but also the life of every human being on earth.
614 ::: "Rocky Star" (1993) ::: sci-fi ::: Rocky Star was a radio series of the 1950s. Stephen Fearnley, Stephen Harrop and Andrew Trauchi have taken the 600 -minute radio series and created a 100 -minute television series with live actors, using the original soundtrack folded folded . , while fighting Zog and Cos. The series length was composed of 20 x 5 minutes episodes. Episodes often make the cast break in the song! The episodes were selected as segments of the Eat carpet (1993).
615 ::: The Movies (2006) ::: sci-fi ::: Staying in the past, Patrick McBay (Getti is now working on the good old days of his hometown over and over again to destroy his career in his film production. The number of obsessions, TRAXLER (Meehan), decreases quickly, and Patrick discovers a new mind to return to the past. Watch his life movie. The movie is constantly changing, not one side. I am.
616 ::: "The Chronicles of Dawn" (2010) ::: sci-fi ::: After being attacked by a gang and her parents were killed, dawn fights back. In the process demon, blood enters her eye, turning her into an immortal demo hunting machine. Now her eye can see the demons that each person and her only mission is to bring them out and follow the one who took her family.
617 ::: "Deadly Games" (1995) ::: sci-fi ::: To take his mind from his divorce, the antimater physicist Gus Lloyd began to programiming the hero's action video game, his ex -wife Lauren Ashbourne Side Kick, and his father Jordan Kenneth Lloyd Sebastian Jacel, Satan's toy Destroy. Antimator experiments Gus and his friend Peter Ruckcar went to Hawire, read the villain file of the game and sent them to the real world to create their programming. Gus, Lauren and Peter then have to play the game for Real.
618 ::: Regrets of the Past (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: The "Remets of the Past" Short Film project was carried out by a local filmmakers team whose goal was to create a high quality science fiction film in Austria, based on the Star Wars universe. The crew diligently focused on the visual language of the film that tries to adhere as much as possible to the original trilogy developed by George Lucas in the 1970s. The story is established after the events that led to the beginning of the galactic empire (Star Wars - Episode III) and follows the fate of two Jedi fugitive knights. Persecuted by a hunter, Pash Sularen and her shock of Padawan Kaila Dain in a remote plant and face her past. The main photography took place in Austria from 2013 to 2015, followed by one year of postproduction. The 150 crew consisted mainly of professionals working in the Austrian film industry that supported the project in their free time.
619 ::: Alien Siege (2005) ::: sci-fi ::: The earth is attacked by the Kulkus, a hostile race infected with a deadly virus and requiring human blood to develop an antidote. The governments of the earth negotiate the terms of peace with the ambassador of Kulku, giving eight million humans shared between the nations with invaders and in return, they would save the planet. When Heather Chase, the daughter of scientist Stephen Chase, is one of the selected, her father fights to save her, joining the strength of resistance. He proposed to Blair and Alex, the leaders of the Resistance, to give his research with foreign material found in 1947, exchanging his daughter's freedom. But Heather is a unique species, with genes that heal the Kulkus, and they do not accept his release. The Kulkus, a hostile extraterrestrial race, demand that millions of human lives be sacrificed in order to save their species from a deadly virus. Anyone who is unlucky enough to be selected died within twenty-four hours, returned to Liquid, which is then returned to the world of Kulku houses. The story focuses on a scientist, Steven Chase, whose daughter is chosen for the lottery. Stephen joins a group of resistance fighters to save her, and they find themselves locked up in a life or death struggle not only against the extraterrestrial threat, but also against the rest of humanity when the invaders decide to abandon their agreements With the governments of the world and simply harvesting humans at will.
620 ::: Ruusujen aika (1969) ::: sci-fi ::: In 2011, historian Raimo Lappalainen wants to illustrate what life was 50 years earlier. He is obsessed with the fate of a nude model from the 70s, Saara Turunen, and finds a perfect actress to reconstruct her life and death for a TV camera. In the meantime, a strike is covered in a nuclear power plant by the media.
621 ::: "The Timeline Shifter: Temporal Outlaws" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: It is the dawn of the third millennium. The time travel prophet is finally obtained-and its consequences are quickly discovered. Thus, the United States creates a new government agency: the federal office of the temporal threat. One hundred years later, Rogue F.B.I. Agent is running amuck over time. Falls to the f.B.O.T. To lower her - but her cause is really bad? Produced by the Create4U youth group, "The Timeline Shifter" gives you a peak in the future, where timely travel is kept by the public, and the very different views on how to use it better. Misraf with funny characters, action of science and mysteries from the dozen, "The Timeline Shifter" is a satire-loaded adventure that everyone can enjoy.
622 ::: "Body Jumpers Resurrection" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: A new villain allows his presence to be known. Sonia is taking her first steps to compensate for the damage she has done with her hacking skills. Nova finds out how to do more with his power suit, and Glitter Girl makes an interesting discovery.
623 ::: Al-Alam Sanat 2000 (1972) ::: sci-fi ::: The only science fiction function from Syria, the 2000th world, may sound like a futuristic fantasy, but it is an incredibly shrunk man (1957). Equipped with an intelligent script, the conspiracy of the "Mad Scientist" actually makes a reasonable meaning. He is trying to shrink humans before the Earth is overcrowded in the next few decades. Sadly, the special effects remained a little more than desired, and 1976 was a black -and -white production deadline even for local standards. However, obviously, no engineer had a know -how to try these effects in color. Nevertheless, this movie remains an appetite from a country that is rarely seen overseas.
624 ::: Invader X (????) ::: sci-fi ::: The scientific artistic thriller keeps the life of the frost of the part of the frost, he was born again, he again stolen by a Christian. He was stolen by another stranger. Only 7 of them survived by the Asher. They know that they are taking an alien pathogen that can be removed not only of human types but also other foreign species. Ashery and the company has the opportunity to be responsible for finding life or to complete all life on earth.
625 ::: Seveneves (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In the near future, an unknown force forces to fall into seven parts of the month. The fragments of the moon fall into the Earth's atmosphere and see the Earth's surface in two years. By sending the people to space, apocaliptical events on earth are about to make efforts to keep human society in waking up. After 5000 years, their descendants return home to find the planet that changed time, emergencies and terrace. What might wait for?
626 ::: Zera Fection (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: The contagious virus land brought to the DNA and changes to them to be a significant care creature to them. Your job is to avoid human breeding by finding an anti-frustration in the middle of the external population.
627 ::: Jerusalem (2003) ::: sci-fi ::: A group of young activists in this opening event is in the blank apartment, their behavior injury and adjusted in their behavior. Analog Solar Technique of your built dancing, frozen by frozen and frequently pieces of hair. Each member of the cast gets painful personal live imagination imagination that is like different extremity, animals, oddwintels, odd speakers and regeatin passions.
628 ::: Taking Tiger Mountain (1983) ::: sci-fi ::: Militant feminist scientists brainwash research into research into the Welsh Minister of Prostitution. In the meantime, the Second World War is being fought and the US has been invaded.
629 ::: Colony Wars: Vengeance (1998) ::: sci-fi ::: It is located in 4671, after a century of Colony Wars events. In the ecclesiastical end, the Free World Association succeeded in fighting the colonial navy of the Earth's Empire in a last position in the Sol system, as the navy was amazing. The league comes out of all the forces from the system, closes the warp hole, and cuts a swing from the universe. Now free of reaching new resources as a result of closure, the empire is turning into a civil war over the past decades. Only a man named Crohn and his trademark for the anti -league propaganda appears to keep the empire together.
630 ::: "High Strangeness" (2020) ::: sci-fi ::: According to the correct file of science of paraphlocococococockkicket and the early 1970 of researchers at the beginning of Penomenon - often causes life's cause life causes life.
631 ::: S.O.L.I.I.D (2012) ::: sci-fi ::: هانګ کانګ، کلنه 2035 H H یوازې په سوداګرۍ کې هانګ کانګ ته رسیدلی. His life is suddenly darkened when a stranger throws a mysterious objects in pocket and dies in their arms. د سوداګر څخه وروسته به یولوی - یوه ځوانه ښځه لکه څنګه چې هغه خطرناک دی - هغه روښانه څیز ته "د S.I.I.I.I.I.I.i.. 'ته د انسانیت لپاره د وحشي ګواښ لپاره درملنه ده. H او YLVII باید د S.O.l.i.i.i.i... سره فعالولو لپاره لاره ومومي God made the world in 7 days. They have 7 hours to save it!
632 ::: Fallen Angels (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Global assassination is guided by a new world order. They are aimed at promoting their members in the main positions of the world's main power in the world, the world economy. The time, which is called the end of the days, is fast approaching. Alpha and omega have made adjustments to the world in the world and avoiding this tragedy. But this prophecy is talking about the Savior and the angel of the fallen angel. The rescuer saves us from death, and the fallen angel is a beast that leads to rape and apocalypse. That's why there is a problem, which side of the prophecy lived.
633 ::: Event 16 (2006) ::: sci-fi ::: Matt, a young inventor in progress at his Garage Workshop, is going to lose his girlfriend due to his siege, when the 1893 cat went into the workshop through his invention. Soon the police, undercome agents and murderers are all matt and his girlfriend are hunting in a race, not just against, by time. Another independent digital characteristic of the Super-Talented Kiwis.
634 ::: Herobrine Origins: The Movie (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Steve Briggs is 17 years old from Manhattan. After the loss of her mother, Anna Briggs, at the age of three, lived with her bodyguard Robert. This leads to Steve to bullying in his school life. After the discovery of Telekinesis, he abandons his power in his life long bullying, leading him to tear almost school. Now running out of the police, Steve must control his new powers before killing anyone else and at the same time learning his mother's secret.
635 ::: Virgin Hunters 3: Agents of Passion (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: After sexual liberation on Earth, Trina is asked to return and train innocent masses in the ways of carnal pleasures. Accepting the role of an erotic ambassador, Trina commands the newly formed virgin bureau. With her two assistants, she investigates emerging sexual behavior: the more dedicated, the better. Also, it has a magic bed that allows you to see people do it. With a house full of advanced alien sex toys and a pair of subjects that like to fall under things (like one another), this should not be connected as a surprise that Trina has a big deal in very sticky hands. So, get attached to all girls' evaporated adventure. In the balance, there is an excited humanity.
636 ::: Forbidden Moon (1956) ::: sci-fi ::: Rostry Jones are sent to the receiving amount of money from the space station. He sees the vertical tower of the wicked ruler of a ruler of a ruler, and a plan to take over the sky.
637 ::: Space Fight! Fighting in Space (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Michael Cortz, a desire soldier, must fight for the security of the human race in the fight against a religion against an alien sect with an imperialist program that makes our world fruitless. Cortz, who armed with empirical genetic advances, must cross the cold vacuum and go home away from home to fight against the enemy of superior technology with only fake intellect and blades.
638 ::: Singularity Principle (2013) ::: sci-fi ::: The principle of Singularity is a science fiction movie that is length about the consequences of rebellious experiences in parallel universes. Participated in his writing and directed (with Austin Heinz) by physicist Dr. David Diranian, the film pays special attention to accurate scientific details and uses the wonderful science of parallel waves to bring the fans a lighting and entertainment story. The story begins with the disappearance of Professor Jacques Brenner (John Dihal), scientist Professor (John Dihab) during the parallel universe experience. Dr. Peter Peter Tanning (Michael Dennis) is interrogated by Dr. Lawrence Casson (William B. Davis) of a black black agency to learn about the experience and know what happened to Jack Brenner. Lawrence explains that he wants to know everything about experience, including how parallel universes can be addressed ... The principle of uniqueness is a science fiction movie that is length about the consequences of rebel experiences in parallel universes. Participated in his writing and directed (with Austin Heinz) by physicist Dr. David Diranian, the film pays special attention to accurate scientific details and uses the wonderful science of parallel waves to bring the fans a lighting and entertainment story. The story begins with the disappearance of Professor Jacques Brenner (John Dihal), scientist Professor (John Dihab) during the parallel universe experience. Dr. Peter Peter Tanning (Michael Dennis) is interrogated by Dr. Lawrence Casson (William B. Davis) of a black black agency to get to know the experience and know what happened to Jack Brenner. Lawrence explains that he wants to know everything about experience, including how parallel universes can be treated. The story is revealed with Peter describing the events of the experience until the fateful day, as Jack Brenner disappears. Lawrence Peter is relentless to tell what happened but also tells his past with Jack Brenner. This is all in an attempt to persuade Peter to work for the agency, and to continue his research for the agency's interests that involve control of gates, and people in other universes.
639 ::: "Enormous" (????) ::: sci-fi ::: In the midst of a planetary crisis for food and fuel, a vast ecological cataclysm caused massive animals unlike all that we have seen. Moved from the food chain, humanity is struggling to avoid extinction following monstrous outburst. In the middle of the ashes of the largest cities in the world, research and rescue teams wander in the ruins in the hope of locating orphaned children by cataclysm. But all remaining humans do not think in the same way, and in a world dominated by monsters, man is always the most dangerous animal of all - look for shelter.
640 ::: Side Effx (2009) ::: sci-fi ::: A specialized team is sent to a human engineering laboratory for an abandoned army to eliminate the "plague", a woman became a sadistic and thirsty creature of blood that was once underwent to an anti -aging pill test. He is now using the empty rooms and runners of the abandoned building as a patio of recreation for his evil murders. One by one we follow the team of specialists in their search to eliminate the plague with the superhuman powers.
641 ::: Emerald Dream (????) ::: sci-fi ::: It is Los Angeles, 2057. Gary Gibbons, a dream defender who falls in love with Valerie, the dreamer of his company. This is when he must risk everything by revealing the dark side of this work in order to save the love of his life.
642 ::: Ocassus (????/II) ::: sci-fi ::: The alien race of the giants conquered the earth. Max Pastier Fly is the only weapon that can destroy them. He is tied to a transformed robot/plane called "Mecha". Nikolai was built with the secrets recorded by the ancient civilizations recorded by Nikolai Tesla, only one person could operate it ... the last great hope of the earth ... Max Pastier ... but Max thought it was lost in the Great War. In this post-apocalyptic world, mankind is extinct, and the world is looking forward to returning its savior. Max returns to the earth ... 25 years after he disappeared. He finds the world in ruins ... and his daughter ... now a young woman, commander Myia Pastier. The world conquered the Giants race. Dr. Kurt Kurt Westin built a robot/flight that causes a transformation called "Mecha" using the mysteries of the Earth's ancient civilizations. But only one person can operate the craft. Arth's last great hope.
643 ::: Terminator Genisys: Revolution (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: The year is 2028 and humanity is on the verge of extinction. Help John Connor in the war to save the human race in the official game of the new genisys films terminator. Skynet and fight against machines in this science fiction shooter full of action.
644 ::: Idaho Transfer (1973) ::: sci-fi ::: During the decline in global resources, a crew of young researchers travel to the future to escape from the end of the world before the time of the time transfer project is turned off. They found that a kind of disasters has disturbed the region of Idahu, by pressure, the nation or perhaps the world. In the face of an unknown future, a barren from abandoned cities and abandoned vehicles; It is invalid from radio signals or any signs of air traffic or land, and they faced an abandoned cargo train full of bodies. Their additional discoveries of the fate of future humanity are somewhat lower than pink. They also learn that travel through time was not without great costs for their health. After one of the group travels to the future, a family faced a future car; Which means that humanity may recover from the disaster (or they have?)
645 ::: The Flame Barrier (1958) ::: sci-fi ::: Carol Dalman adds the Holister Brothers, helping her to identify her missing husband. The husband is tracking a satellite that has fallen through the wild. While tracking him, these three kill abnormally strong acid animals and people. Carol Dahlman (Cathleen Crowley) convinced Dave Holster (Arthur Franz) against her will, to help her in search of her lost satellite for her husband who disappeared in Yukaton in the jungle. Dave, after his brother Matt (Robert Brown) and Carol, after a very sad experience, mark the missing satellite and her husband (Don Gachman). Too much to their horror state, the satellite dissipates a mysterious material, which breaks down anything that comes to it.
646 ::: Interstellar Wars (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: From a giant gate behind the dark side of the moon, foreigners start an attack on Earth. From the underground base, scientists try to find a way to fight foreigners. Time is the essence because people die and soon foreigners enjoy full control.
647 ::: Chomp (????) ::: sci-fi ::: A quiet town of maple gloves in Pennsylvania, 14 hikers and camping cars have disappeared in nearby forests. In the face of unprecedented dangers, the local police chief, his teenage son, park rangers, and reckless pharmaceutical companies are all natural abnormalities of human recklessness and scientific carelessness. We are competing to destroy natural abnormalities. Because it is there, it is growing. And it's hungry.
648 ::: It Came from Another World! (2007) ::: sci-fi ::: "It came from a different world!" Describes the constant adventures of everyone's favorite 'A-Rockin' scientist, Professor Jackson. For the first time introduced in 2006's "The Monster of Phantom Lake", Professor Jackson (Josh Craig) is once again aware of saving the planet of certain ruin. When the colleague of Professor Jackson and best friend Dr. Frasier (Mike Mason) does not return from a scientific expedition in the deep forest, the professor is sent to find and pick it up. While searching, the Professor and Kano agents Sven (M. Scott Taulman) and Gustav (Mike Cook) stumble an enigmatic meteorite who can retain the answer to the disappearance of Dr. Frasier - and something much more cataclysmisch than they could ever imagine! Can our fearless heroes unlock the secrets of the mysterious "Rock from Outer Space" before his extraterrestrial power not only threatens the fate of the entire universe, but also the wedding plans of Professor Jackson?
649 ::: Cosmos (2018) ::: sci-fi ::: When a group of amateur astronomers accidentally capture a weak signal from the cosmic space, they doubt its authenticity and relentlessly respond. But when they receive an answer only a few hours later, they not only believe that they have made the greatest discovery in the history of humanity; But found proof of life much closer to Earth.
650 ::: "The Orphans: Facility" (2017) ::: sci-fi ::: The series Paz Gogrowy follows in his first major post: Installing the new thinking unit in a remote cloning facility. With only A.I.S Geoffry and Stella for the company, BAZ must struggle to keep his intelligence from him and complete his mission - a simple task, until things turn evil.
651 ::: "I Am Gamer" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: I am gamer follows Nathan Ledge, the last known gamer who lives after the fall of society. The story revolves around his attempts to survive the post-apocalyptic world full of crazy survivors and the infected (zombified beings of gaming survival). Before autumn, Nathan was a world -famous computer scientist who led the Task Force: C.I.G.S. (Creative and innovative gaming solutions). Their goal was to develop gaming solutions for Real-World problems, hoping to create a utopia. But when gaming went too far, addiction led to a viral infection that corrupted users and effectively destroyed the civilized world. During this time, most gamers were captured or killed by survivors who blamed them for the crisis. A gamer, resistant to the infection, made it alive. After years of isolation and failed attempts to cure the virus, Nathan soon discovers that the last gamer on earth is not alone.
652 ::: "High Strangeness" (2020) ::: sci-fi ::: According to the correct file of science of paraphlocococococockkicket and the early 1970 of researchers at the beginning of Penomenon - often causes life's cause life causes life.
653 ::: Doctor Who the Time War (2015) ::: sci-fi ::: During the last good war, the Daleks planned their greatest attack on Gallifrey, in order to wipe the time lords in history, and to control all the time and space. While the war ends, with several of his dead friends, the doctor learns that the Lords Time are not to be trusted, and to end the time war, he must stop being "the doctor". Using images of the Classic Doctor Who era as well as short films published before the 50th anniversary of the show, this film made by fans depict the last good war, in which the Daleks plan their greatest attack on Gallifrey in The goal of wiping the time of history and controlling all the time and space. While war ends with several of his dead friends, the doctor learns that timelords are not to be trusted and to finish the war of time, he must stop being 'the Doctor'.
654 ::: Amorphous (????) ::: sci-fi ::: Ours is not the only dimension ... The dimension of shadows seeks their flesh. They are determined to win the millennium battle this time. Their banning for a thousand years is too much! Their prosperous dimension on chaos, chaos and calamity. Their mission here, find the bad candidate, prepare him for war, in the cycle of twenty-three days. To prove his value, the bad candidate must live through the consumption of a unique liquid, called "embody", or die by trying. Fortunately, there is someone who can feel the two dimensions at the same time. Just before dawn, the twenty-third day, the two realities will compete. The battle site was specifically chosen for its atmospheric and environmental purity. Without external influences, the game match begins. According to the result, the opposite forces will remain either the same or amorphous in their other self. The propensity of good or evil will reign for the next thousand years.
655 ::: InvaXon - Alieni in Liguria (2004) ::: sci-fi ::: In the last decades, Nord Italy had many UFO places and kidnapping, and a chronic prediction only knows the Vatican high prelet talk about some "survival" that should come. In "31 April 2004" some spacecrafts come to Genoa, their pilots are part of a millions of years old human species that leave the Earth first. After a brief period of friendship and cultural exchange -Alien takes control of the city during a big football match ...
656 ::: Le monde tremblera (1939) ::: sci-fi ::: Jean Durend, a young scientist inventions a machine that can accurately predict your death date. He tries to use a prostitute as a guinea pig to test the machine. Jean Durand is evil, and his ambition does not know any limit, he goes away as it is said that it is the 8th day of creation; But his fiancé's father is like him; Their hardness shows that when he wants to use the machine to cheat life assurance. But does everyone want to know when this happens?
657 ::: The Forgotten Ones (2006) ::: sci-fi ::: All teachers are dead. 80 students are caught in Cornerbrook High for months after the world had penetrated extraterrestrial insects whose spaceships have blown out the sun. Fractions have formed within school and food supply becomes low. A group of ragtag students tries to find a weakness in the man-eating insects before the situation "Lord of the Flies" explodes inside. In this way you could save the world.
658 ::: "Moto Nostra: GR224" (2016) ::: sci-fi ::: Ever try to leave the house without your smart phone? Driving without Google Maps? Try a restaurant without reading Yelp? Ever worry if you are a computer or devices hacked? We live in a world/digital dependent world. In the near future, everyone becomes dependent on digital devices, ie. Computers, mobile phones, applications. This makes Arknight Industries the most powerful corporation in history. Not all are digital. There are several that rejects it, Moto Nostra, a group of motocross riders led by Renegade A-Hole X. Through their underground events, they perform crazy, dangerous cascades that excite the masses. Slowly, they lead an uprising, which allows the masses to accept "analog". This makes them a threat to corporations and governments, which are more recently hooked by digital citizens, because it makes them easier to manipulate and control.
659 ::: Event 16 (2006) ::: sci-fi ::: Matt, a young inventor at the top of a breakthrough creation in his garage workshop, is about to lose his girlfriend because of his obsession when a cat from 1893 enters the workshop through a wall that creates his invention. Soon police, agents and undercover murderers, all hunt for Mat and his girlfriend in a race, not only against, but also over time. An independent digital function from another handful of super talented kiwi.
660 ::: Salvaging Outer Space (2008) ::: sci-fi ::: While Captain Larouj and his crew are looking to save values ​​in the distant space, armed ships appear from nothingness and try to destroy them. The right group work means success or death. However, in space ... confidence is a rare discovery!
